

##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009676.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009676.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
ATTORNEY'S GUIDE TO THE 
METROPOLITAN CORRECTIONAL 
CENTER 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
APRIL 2008 
EFTA00009676
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
A. 
Address 
B. 
Telephone Numbers 
C. 
Bureau of Prisons' Web Address 
II. 
PRETRIAL DETENTION 
A. 
Legal Visiting 
1. Visiting Hours 
2. Attorney Processing 
3. Identification 
4. Property Brought Into the Visiting Room 
S 
5. Private Conference Rooms 
6. Multiple Client Visits 
7. Dress Code 
8. Legal Representatives 
9. Polygraphs 
10. Depositions 
11. Separation Assignment/Co-Defendant Meetings 
12. Foreign Attorneys 
13. Social Visiting 
B. 
Telephone Calls 
1. Unmonitored Telephone Calls 
2. Inmate Telephone System (ITS) 
3. Emergency Telephone Calls 
C. 
Legal Mail 
1. Legal Mail Envelopes 
2. Legal Mail Packages 
3. FedEx and UPS 
4. Stamps 
5. Court Clothing 
6. Mail for Multiple Defendants 
D. 
Release of Records/Information 
1. Subpoenas 
2. Medical Records 
E 
Inmate Legal Activities 
1. Law Library 
2. Access to Computerized Discovery Materials 
Leisure Library 
4. Service of Process 
F. 
Administrative Remedy Program 
G. 
Inmate Designations 
Court Ordered Studies 
H. 
Health Services 
1. Sick Call 
2. Emergency Care 
3. Medication 
4. Independent Medical Exams 
5. Visits with Inmates in Hospital 
I. 
Special Housing Unit 
J. 
Miscellaneous 
1. Religious Programs 
2. Food Service 
3. Inmate Commissary 
4. Marriage 
5. Personal Property 
6. Admission and Orientation Handbook 
ATTACHMENTS 
Attachment A-Application to Enter Institution as Representative Form 
Attachment B-National Crime Information Center Form 
EFTA00009677
--- PAGE 3 ---
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
The Metropolitan Correctional Center, in New York, New York (MCC 
New York), is owned and operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons 
(Bureau), an agency of the United States (U.S.) Department of 
Justice. The primary mission of MCC New York is to serve federal 
courts in the Southern and Eastern Districts of New York by 
providing pretrial detention in conjunction with the U.S. 
Marshals Service (USMS). 
This guide outlines the relevant policies and procedures 
applicable to attorneys representing defendants incarcerated at 
MCC New York. The procedures cover issues such as legal 
visiting, attorney-client communication, and release of 
information. 
A. Address 
1. 
Mailing address 
Staff: 
Staff Name and Title 
MCC New York 
Metropolitan Correctional 
Center 
150 Park Row 
New York, NY 10007 
B. Telephone Numbers 
1. 
MCC New York 
Main Number 
2. 
Legal Department 
Inmates: 
Inmate Name and Reg. No. 
MCC New York 
Metropolitan Correctional 
Center 
150 Park Row 
New York, NY 10007 
(646) 836-6300 
Because all calls must be cleared through the Control Center for 
security purposes, direct extensions are not allowed to be 
disseminated. The legal department is comprised of two staff 
attorneys and an administrative assistant. 
Legal Dept. Fax No. 
Page 1 of 22 
EFTA00009678
--- PAGE 4 ---
C. Bureau 
The web address 
Locator, Bureau 
documents under 
of Prisons' Web Address 
is http://www.bob.clov. 
You can access the Inmate 
Program Statements, and procedures for requesting 
the Freedom of Information Act. 
Page 2 of 22 
EFTA00009679
--- PAGE 5 ---
II. PRETRIAL DETENTION 
MCC New York staff are aware of the importance of the 
institution's pretrial detention mission. MCC New York staff 
are expected to act in a professional manner and are governed by 
a code of employee conduct. Attorneys who feel that they have 
been treated unprofessionally by a staff member are asked to put 
their complaint in writing to the Warden's Office, MCC New York, 
150 Park Row, New York, NY 10007. All complaints will be looked 
into and appropriate action will be taken if necessary. 
In turn, our staff appreciate the professionalism and courtesy 
expected from attorneys and other officers of the court. 
Attorneys are expected not only to abide by the Attorney Guide, 
but generally to act in a professional manner. In addition, all 
visitors are expected to refrain from using profanity and keep 
their voices at a conversational level when speaking with staff, 
inmates and other visitors. All visitors, including attorneys, 
are prohibited from using cell phones within the institution, 
including the lobby. 
All visitors, including attorneys, who violate MCC New York's 
visiting rules, create disturbances at the institution or in any 
way jeopardize the security or orderly operation of the 
institution may have their visiting privileges restricted or 
suspended. 
The information contained in this Guide is meant to be a general 
guideline and is not all-inclusive. We cannot envision every 
circumstance that could occur, and thus the Guide does not 
contain the answers to all questions. For example, in the event 
of an institution emergency, security needs of the institution 
will override any portion of this Attorney Guide. 
A. Legal Visiting 
1. 
Visiting Hours 
Legal visitation hours are as follows: 
Monday-Sunday (including Federal Holidays) 8:00 a.m. - 7:00 
p.m. 
Visits during these hours do not need to be scheduled in advance. 
Special legal visits outside of these hours may be requested 
through MCC New York's Legal Department with at least 24 hours 
notice (The Legal Department is open Monday-Friday 7:30 a.m.-
4:00 p.m. so a request for Monday must be in b the receding 
Friday). Requests should be faxed to: " 
, Attn: 
Legal Department." Every effort will be made to accommodate 
such requests, but final approval is contingent upon the 
Page 3 of 22 
EFTA00009680
--- PAGE 6 ---
availability of staff. In the event an attorney requires an 
emergency visit outside normal legal visiting hours and has not 
pre-requested it, he/she must contact the Operations Lieutenant. 
If there is any problem with a legal visit during off duty hours, 
attorneys should ask to speak with the Institution Duty Officer 
or Operations Lieutenant. 
2. Attorney Processing 
MCC New York conducts a daily count of all inmates at 4:00 p.m., 
with an additional count at 10:00 a.m. on Saturdays, Sundays and 
federal holidays. Additional unscheduled counts may also occur 
in emergencies. During a count, inmates must be at their 
assigned cell or bunk, unless the inmate has been authorized to 
be in another area. In order to guarantee an accurate count, a 
request that an inmate remain in the visiting room during the 
count must be made at least one hour before the count, i.e., 
3:00 p.m. for the 4:00 p.m. count and 9:00 a.m. for the 10:00 
a.m. count. When this approval is granted, the inmate is placed 
on the "out count" and will be required to remain in the 
visiting room until the count has been completed. Inmates who 
have not been placed on the out count must terminate their legal 
visits a half hour before the count begins, i.e., 3:30 p.m. and 
9:30 a.m. Attorneys who arrive at the institution within an 
hour before the start of a count, i.e., after 3:00 p.m. or 9:00 
a.m., will not be able to visit their client until after the 
count clears. 
Counts usually take approximately 30-40 minutes to clear. During 
this time, all movement in the institution ceases. Consequently, 
attorneys and/or their representatives will not be allowed to 
enter or exit the Visiting Room during official counts. Visits 
should be scheduled accordingly to avoid unnecessary delays. 
3. 
Identification 
To receive attorney entrance privileges, an individual must be 
able to establish his or her status as an attorney by presenting 
identification that verifies active membership in any state bar. 
Excluding Legal Aid Society Federal Defender's, NY State 
Attorneys are required to have a Secure Pass Identification card 
for entrance. Upon notification that a NY State attorney is not 
in possession of a Secure Pass, and upon approval from the Legal 
Department, attorneys will be permitted to enter the institution 
for 60 days from their date of approval without the Secure Pass. 
If an attorney is licensed in a state other than New York, 
he/she must contact the legal department at least 24 hours in 
advance so that their status as an attorney in good standing may 
be verified. Provided the Legal Department can verify the 
attorney's status, the attorney will be added on a list located 
in the lobby, authorizing the attorney's entrance for a one year 
Page 4 of 22 
EFTA00009681
--- PAGE 7 ---
period with government issued picture identification, such as a 
drivers license. It is ultimately the attorney's responsibility 
to establish his or her membership in a State Bar. 
After completing the Notification to Visitor form, attorneys must 
be processed through the metal detector, have their hand stamped 
and sign the bound logbook before being allowed entry into the 
institution. By signing the Notification to Visitor forms, 
attorneys certify that they are not carrying firearms, 
explosives, weapons, ammunition, metal cutting tools, recording 
equipment, cellular phones, cameras, food items, narcotics, 
marijuana, alcoholic beverages, prescription drugs or any other 
item deemed contraband. All legal materials and briefcases will 
be searched for contraband and processed through the fluoroscope. 
Handbags, newspapers, portable telephones, and non-legal 
materials are not permitted in the Visiting Room. 
Official Visitors: Federal employees, including Assistant U.S. 
Attorneys, law enforcement officers, U.S. Court officials, U.S. 
Probation Officers, and Assistant Federal Public Defenders, will 
be permitted to visit upon presentation of appropriate 
identification. All visitors must present official 
identification, sign in and out of the logbook, and pass through 
the metal detector. 
4. 
Property Brought into the Visiting Room 
Legal Material 
An attorney may bring into the visiting room legal materials 
related to an inmate's case, including CDs, or audio/videotapes 
as well as dollar bills for the vending machines. An attorney 
(not a paralegal, investigator, mitigation specialist or 
interpreter) will be authorized to provide a reasonable (not 
to exceed four inches) amount of legal materials to the inmate at 
the conclusion of the attorney visit. The inmate will be allowed 
to take these legal materials with him/her to his/her unit after 
the Officer determines the items are of a legal nature and he/she 
inspects them for contraband. Legal materials should not be read 
for content but examined only to determine that they are indeed 
legal materials and they are free of contraband. Inmates housed 
in the Special Housing Unit (SHU) will be allowed to take legal 
materials to their unit minus folders, paperclips, staples, 
rubber bands, or any other items that could be 
considered a security concern. All other materials, including 
cellular phones, pagers, newspapers, magazines, tissues, wallets 
and keys, are prohibited and must be secured in a lobby locker 
before entering the secure confines of the institution. 
Additionally, legal videos, CDs and audio tapes, cannot be 
provided to an inmate during a legal visit but may be placed in 
the Lobby legal mail drop box for delivery to the inmate. Mail 
deposited in these boxes must be small enough to fit through the 
Page 5 of 22 
EFTA00009682
--- PAGE 8 ---
opening of the box. Larger packages may be broken down into 
several smaller envelopes. These boxes are emptied Monday-
Friday, excluding federal holidays, and the contents are 
processed with other mail received from the post office that 
day. Envelopes must be clearly marked with the attorney's name 
(including language that identifies that person as an attorney), 
inmate's name and register number and the following statement: 
"SPECIAL MAIL-OPEN ONLY IN THE PRESENCE OF THE INMATE." See 
below, page 12. 
Unauthorized items found in the inmate's 
possession will be treated as contraband. 
Tape PIayers, VCRs & Computers to Review Discovery Material 
Due to security concerns, attorneys may not bring electronic 
equipment into the secure confines of the institution. However, 
MCC New York has tape players, VCRs and televisions for 
attorneys to review discovery materials with clients in visiting 
rooms. These items are available on a first come, first served 
basis by oral request to the visiting room officer. 
MCC New York also has a computer that attorneys may use to 
review computer CDs with their clients. The computer is 
available during attorney visiting hours and should be reserved 
at least 24 hours in advance by calling the Legal Department. 
Attorneys who make an appointment to use the computer will have 
preference over those who do not make an appointment. Attorneys 
should bring a copy of the CD discovery when meeting with an 
inmate. 
Audio and video cassettes and CDs may also be mailed directly to 
an inmate via the legal mail procedures explained below in the 
Legal Mail section, Cl. Inmates may review their DVD and CD-Rom 
discovery material as described in the Law Library Section, El. 
5. 
Private Conference Rooms 
These rooms are available on a first come, first served basis. 
There are twelve conference rooms in the building. Institutional 
security and fire safety regulations restrict the total number 
of people that may be in the visiting room at any one time. 
Ultimately, it is a correctional decision where any visit will 
take place. 
6. 
Multiple Client Visits 
Attorneys are not limited in the number of inmates they may 
visit in one day. However, only one inmate may be brought down 
to the visiting room at any time. Please see below in 
Separation/Codefendant Meeting Section 11 for instruction on Co-
Defendant Meetings. When an attorney has finished the legal 
visit and the inmate has been sent back to the unit, another 
inmate may be brought down to the visiting room. 
Page 6 of 22 
EFTA00009683
--- PAGE 9 ---
Approved legal representatives (law clerk, paralegal, 
interpreter, investigator, psychologist, and other experts) may 
accompany an attorney into the Visiting Room. If visiting 
independently, representatives must follow the requirements set 
forth in the "Legal Representatives" section below. See Section 
8. 
Attorneys are ordinarily not permitted to bring material 
witnesses into the Visiting Room. Prior approval to do so must 
be received from the Warden and requires a court order. Written 
requests for such approval should clearly outline the specific 
circumstances requiring this type of visit. Visits will not be 
approved if alternative arrangements are available to defense 
counsel. 
7. 
Dress Code 
All visitors, including attorneys, are required to dress in a 
manner appropriate for a correctional environment. Excessively 
provocative, immodest or revealing attire is reason to deny 
visiting. Visitors over the age of 12 will not be allowed into 
the institution in short skirts, mini skirts, shorts or dresses 
exceeding three inches above the kneecap in length. See-through 
clothing, halter-tops, tube tops, tank tops, any top that 
reveals the midriff area, low-cut shirts or blouses, revealing 
front and/or backless clothing, skin-tight clothing, spandex 
clothing and sweat pants are not allowed. Furthermore, clothing 
which may impede identification (e.g., hoods) or easily hide 
contraband (e.g., coats) present security concerns and are also 
prohibited. All visitors are required to wear shoes (no shower 
shoes, flip-flops, toe-revealing or backless shoes of any kind) 
and undergarments (including bras for females). The Warden has 
delegated to the Institution Duty Officer the ultimate decision-
making authority regarding what attire is appropriate inside the 
Visiting Room. If the Duty Officer is not available, the 
Operations Lieutenant will make the final decision. A 
memorandum containing clothing guidelines is posted in the lobby 
of MCC New York. It is the responsibility of visitors to 
familiarize themselves with this memo and watch for updates. 
8. 
Legal Representatives 
Attorneys are allowed to visit their clients upon providing 
evidence of their professional status. However, attorneys often 
need other individuals, e.g., paralegals, interpreters, 
mitigation specialists, private investigators, to visit their 
clients in connection with legal representation. These 
individuals do not receive the same entry privileges granted to 
attorneys and must first submit an application (See ATTACHMENT 
A) signed by a sponsoring attorney and pass a background check 
before being granted permission to enter MCC New York. 
Page 7 of 22 
EFTA00009684
--- PAGE 10 ---
Once approved, the individual will be included on a list 
maintained in the lobby and allowed to enter the institution for 
one year with appropriate government issued ID. The entry 
application may be requested from and mailed to the Legal 
Departments of either MCC New York or MDC Brooklyn. Once 
approved the individual may enter both institutions. 
For mitigation specialists, every time they visit the 
institution for a new inmate, they must submit a court order to 
the Legal Department which authorizes them to enter the 
institution to visit with that specific inmate. Upon reapplying 
at the end of their one year entry period, mitigation 
specialists and doctors are required to produce a new order, 
reflecting the new year. 
9. 
Polygraphs 
The Warden may permit polygraph tests in connection with state or 
federal criminal felony investigations. See 28 C.F.R. §551.71. 
Polygraph tests in connection with misdemeanor offenses, civil 
proceedings, or any other matters are generally disapproved, 
absent a federal court order. 
ias Requests for polygraph 
examinations must be submitted to the Legal Department with 
approval by the Warden. The written request should include at 
least the following information: 
(1) Inmate's name and register number; 
(2) Case caption, case number and nature of matter; 
(3) Requested date and time; 
(4) Expected length of polygraph; 
(5) Name, title, and organization of each person 
attending (all non-attorneys and non-legal 
representatives will have to fill out an application so 
MCC can complete a background check (See ATTACHMENT B); 
(6) List of all equipment to be used; and 
(7) Indication of whether the inmate's consent has been 
obtained. 
The Warden must be able to confirm the validity of the request 
and the inmate being examined must give written consent on a form 
provided for that purpose. Requesters are responsible for 
meeting all state and local requirements in administering the 
test. 
10. Depositions 
Requests for Depositions for state matters, both civil and 
criminal, must be submitted to the Legal Department for review. 
All deposition requests must be made in writing and include the 
following information: 
(1) Inmate's name and register number; 
(2) A court order or similar court signed document for the 
Page 8 of 22 
EFTA00009685
--- PAGE 11 ---
deposition; 
(3) Case caption, case number and nature of matter; 
(4) Requested date and time; 
(5) Expected length of deposition; 
(6) Name, title, and organization of each person attending 
(all non-attorneys and non-legal representatives must 
fill out an application so MCC can complete a 
background check (11tE Attachment B)); 
(7) List of all equipment to be used; and 
(8) Indication of whether the inmate's consent has been 
obtained. 
Video or tape recorders are not allowed inside the institution. 
Furthermore, all equipment is subject to inspection prior to 
entering the institution. 
11. Separation Assignments/Co-Defendant Meetings 
Co-defendant meetings must be requested at least 24 hours in 
advance of the meeting, e.g. for a meeting on Tuesday at 2:00 
P.M., the request must be submitted by Monday at 2:00 P.M. 
Written requests should be faxed to the MCC New York Legal 
Department, 
, and should include the names of 
everyone attending the meeting, including, but not limited to, 
attorneys, paralegals, interpreters, investigators, co-defendants 
on bail and co-defendants at MCC New York. Please indicate which 
attorney represents each inmate. Also, please include with the 
request a copy of the first page of the indictment showing that 
the requested parties are co-defendants. This must be provided 
every time a meeting is requested. 
Separation Orders: An inmate with a "separation order" is 
prohibited from coming in contact with the inmate from whom he or 
she is separated. Such a restriction would normally prevent a 
co-defendant meeting. Ordinarily, the request can be 
accommodated if the AUSA who placed the separation order notifies 
the institution that the separation does not apply to co-
defendant meetings. However, if the inmates have been separated 
due to security concerns, whether based on information developed 
by an outside agency or the Bureau of Prisons, MCC has the 
discretion to not allow the meeting. Attorneys who are aware of 
separation orders between co-defendants should include with their 
request the name and phone number of the AUSA assigned to the 
case in question. These requests should be made as far in 
advance as possible, as the meeting will not be scheduled if the 
responsible Assistant United States Attorney cannot be contacted. 
For co-defendant meetings that involve one or more inmates from 
MCC New York and one or more inmates from MDC Brooklyn, it is the 
responsibility of the defense attorney to contact the responsible 
Assistant United States Attorney, who will, in turn, contact the 
USMS to arrange transportation of the inmate. The Bureau of 
Prisons does not transport inmates for co-defendant meetings. 
Page 9 of 22 
EFTA00009686
--- PAGE 12 ---
The request for the meeting should be sent to both MCC and MDC 
Legal Departments. MDC Brooklyn's Legal Department fax number is 
(718) 840-4250. 
12. Foreign Attorneys 
Attorneys who are not licensed in a state or jurisdiction of the 
United States must provide verification of their status as a 
licensed attorney in good standing in a foreign jurisdiction, 
prior to their initial visit. Foreign attorneys should contact 
their respective Consulate Office, who will provide the attorney 
official documentation (raised seal for most countries) stating 
that the individual is in fact an attorney in good standing in 
that country. The attorney must provide to the MCC New York 
Legal Department, the original letter from his or her consulate 
verifying the foreign attorney's status as a licensed attorney 
in good standing. Once the status of the foreign attorney has 
been confirmed, that attorney will be processed as a legal 
visitor for future visits for one year only. The attorney may 
request to be placed on the list on an annual basis by following 
the above described procedure. 
13. Social Visitors 
Sea www.bop.gov, MCC New York Visiting Regulations. 
B. Telephone Calls 
1. 
Unmonitored Telephone Calls 
Inmates may place unmonitored telephone calls to their attorneys. 
See 28 C.F.R. §540.105; and Program Statement 5264.07, Sec.8, 
Telephone Regulations for Inmates. 
All housing units, excluding 
Special Housing Unit (SHU), have access to unmonitored telephones 
with a direct connection to the SDNY Federal Public Defenders' 
Office. Some units also have unmonitored telephones with a 
direct connection to the EDNY Federal Public Defenders' Office. 
If the inmate's attorney cannot be contacted on the provided 
telephones, the inmate must specifically request Unit Team staff 
assistance in writing. The Unit Team staff will review the 
request, and if approved, the call may be placed from the Unit 
Team's unmonitored telephones. 
In order to receive an 
unmonitored attorney call, the inmate or the inmate's attorney 
must request Unit Team approval, demonstrating that other 
correspondence, visiting, and normal telephone use is inadequate. 
Inmate requests for unmonitored attorney calls are carefully 
reviewed insofar as important Bureau interests are not affected. 
Frequent unmonitored telephone calls increase an inmate's 
opportunity to pursue illegal activities without detection. 
Additionally, staff time and attention is unfairly focused on the 
single inmate receiving numerous unmonitored telephone calls at 
the expense of the many other inmates on a caseload. 
Page 10 of 22 
EFTA00009687
--- PAGE 13 ---
An attorney may not call an inmate. Attorneys who need to speak 
with an inmate and do not anticipate that the inmate will call 
them must visit the inmate in person or contact the inmate by 
letter. Similarly, attorneys may not fax documents to inmates 
or to MCC New York staff for delivery to inmates. 
2. 
Inmates Telephone System (ITS) 
The Bureau of Prisons extends telephone privileges to inmates as 
part of its overall correctional management strategy. See 28 
C.F.R. §540.100, et seq., Subpart I - Telephone Regulations for 
Inmate; and Program Statement 5264.07, Telephone Regulations for 
Inmates. 
Telephone privileges are a supplemental means of 
maintaining community and family ties that may contribute to an 
inmate's personal development. An inmate may request to call a 
person of his or her choice outside the institution on a 
telephone provided for that purpose. However, limitations and 
conditions may be imposed upon an inmate's telephone privileges 
to ensure adherence to other aspects of the Bureau's correctional 
management responsibilities. In addition to the procedures set 
forth in this subpart, inmate telephone use is subject to those 
limitations which the Warden determines are necessary to ensure 
the security or good order, including discipline, of the 
institution or to protect the public. Restrictions on inmate 
telephone use may also be imposed as a disciplinary sanction. 
2gg 28 C.F.R. Part 541. 
Inmates must submit a list of numbers they wish to be placed on 
their approved telephone list. Inmates can only call numbers 
placed on their approved telephone list. Once an inmate submits 
the initial list, it will be processed as soon as possible. 
Inmates may submit additional telephone numbers once they are 
assigned a Correctional Counselor or Case Manager from the Unit 
Team. 
Inmates are 
capability. 
each inmate 
Ordinarily, 
the receiving party pays. See 28 C.F.R. §540.105. Third party, 
conference calls or use of two phones on the same number, or 
other alternative call arrangements are not permitted, thus 
limiting the opportunity for inmates to use the phones for 
criminal or other inappropriate purposes. Inmates who use the 
telephone improperly are subject to disciplinary actions which 
may result in the loss of telephone privileges, and in some cases 
criminal charges. 
advised of the institution's telephone monitoring 
al 28 C.F.R. §540.102. A notice is posted next to 
telephone advising that calls are monitored. 
calls are paid for by the inmate, but in some cases 
Inmates may place attorneys on their approved telephone list. 
However, the calls are recorded and subject to monitoring. Such 
calls are not attorney-client privileged calls. Inmates seeking 
attorney-client privileged calls must request an unmonitored 
telephone call as described above in section B(1). 
Page 11 of 22 
EFTA00009688
--- PAGE 14 ---
3. 
Emergency Telephone Calls 
Inmates requiring an emergency social phone call due to a death 
or serious illness of an immediate family member shall submit a 
request to the Religious Services Department. Likewise, if an 
individual needs to contact an inmate for these reasons, they 
should call the main number and ask to speak to the Religious 
Services Department. 
C. Legal Mail 
All legal mail must be addressed to the inmate. All mail 
addressed to staff on behalf of an inmate will be returned to 
sender. Inmates may not receive documents via facsimile. 
1. 
Legal Mail Envelopes: 
The Bureau has established procedures by which an inmate may 
receive confidential legal mail. See 28 C.F.R. § 540.18; and 
Bureau of Prisons Program Statement 5800.10, Mail Management 
Manual ("PS 5800.10"). The Code of Federal Regulations provides 
that special mail, which may only be opened in the presence of 
the inmate, will be treated as such "if the sender is adequately 
identified on the envelope, and the front of the envelope is 
marked `Special Mail - Open only in the presence of the 
inmate.'" 28 C.F.R. § 540.18(a). However, the presence of a 
return address with a firm name does not sufficiently identify 
the sender of the material as an attorney. 
Specifically, the attorney must be adequately 
identified on the envelope as an attorney . . . The 
use of the title "Esquire" without additional 
indication of the sender's occupation does not 
establish the bearer as an attorney or legal aid 
supervisor. Mail from individuals using the title 
"Esquire" as the exclusive identification of their 
status shall not be handled as special mail, even if 
the envelope contains some special mail markings. 
P.S. 5800.10, Ch. 3, p.5. To maintain consistent handling of 
legal mail, strict compliance with these procedures will be 
enforced by MCC New York mail room staff. To properly identify 
legal mail, counsel must write their name (not just the firm's 
name) and their legal status (i.e., attorney), in the return 
address portion of the envelope. This information, in addition 
to writing elsewhere on the envelope "Special Mail - Open only 
in presence of inmate," will ensure that legal mail is treated 
as confidential attorney-client communication. 
Page 12 of 22 
EFTA00009689
--- PAGE 15 ---
2. 
Legal Mail Packages: 
Bureau of Prisons policy requires that incoming inmate property 
packages be authorized in advance unless otherwise approved 
under another Bureau policy. Packages containing only legal 
material do not need to be pre-approved; however: 
packages must be marked with words such as `Authorized 
by Bureau Policy.' This is to alert mail room staff 
that enclosed materials contain matter which does not 
require prior approval. . . . A package received 
without an appropriately completed [authorization 
form], or without markings indicating authorized 
materials enclosed, is considered unauthorized and 
shall be returned to the sender. 
PS 5800.10, Ch. 3, pp.8-9. 
This additional marking, i.e., "Authorized by Bureau Policy," is 
only required on packages and should be in addition to the legal 
mail markings explained above. Any legal mail that is delivered 
in a box, a padded envelope or is wrapped in shipping paper is 
considered a package and will be handled pursuant to the above 
policy. An attorney who is unsure whether a legal shipment will 
be considered a package or an envelope should write "Authorized 
by Bureau Policy" to ensure that the shipment is not rejected. 
(Note: An inmate who wishes to receive a non-legal material 
package from anyone, including an attorney, must contact a 
member of the Unit Team to complete the appropriate paperwork 
and receive approval.) 
3. 
FedEx:
Attorneys should not send packages via FedEx because no inmate 
mail is received directly at MCC New York. Staff pick up all 
inmate mail at the United States Post Office. FedEx will only 
deliver to the actual prison and staff are prohibited from 
receiving a package for an inmate that is hand-delivered to MCC 
New York. Attorneys who wish to expedite the delivery of 
documents or materials to their clients are advised to pass them 
during a legal visit, place the materials in one of the 
institution's legal drop boxes or send the materials via the 
Postal Service's Express or Priority Mail services. 
4. 
Stamps 
Inmates may not receive stamps or stamped items other than 
issuance from the institution or by purchase from the commissary. 
C.F.R. §540.21(j). These items will be treated as contraband 
Page 13 of 22 
EFTA00009690
--- PAGE 16 ---
in the institution. Attorneys are permitted to send self-
addressed envelope without affixed postage. 
5. 
Court Clothing 
Court clothing for trial can be delivered in one of two ways: 
1) Prior to an individual bringing in clothes, it is the 
inmate's responsibility to submit an "Authorization to Receive A 
Package or Property BP-331" to his Unit Counselor. This form 
can be obtained from the inmate's Unit Team. The Unit Counselor 
will then deliver one copy of that form to the Receiving and 
Discharge (R&D) Department. The inmate will receive the other 
copies of that form so that he may mail one to the individual 
who will be dropping off the court clothes. The individual 
bringing the clothing should call R&D staff in advance before 
dropping off clothes. Once authorized, they must bring the copy 
of the BP-331 form with the package and notify the lobby officer 
who will contact a staff member from the R&D department. An R&D 
staff member will then report to the lobby and accept the 
clothing. 
2) A court order can be obtained in lieu of the BP-331 form 
mentioned above. A call to R&D in advance of dropping the 
clothing must still be made. Inmates are allowed up to two sets 
of trial clothes. 
6. Mail for multiple defendants 
If a case involves several co-defendants who will need to view 
the same discovery material, the package/envelope of discovery 
must be addressed to the Legal Department, as described above, 
and the mailing must contain a cover letter indicating all 
inmates and Register Numbers who are to have access to this 
discovery material. 
D. Release of Records/Information 
1. 
Subpoenas 
Subpoenas for documents ma be faxed to the MCC New York Legal 
Department at 
. Upon receipt of the fax, MCC New 
York will begin gathering the requested documents. Please be 
advised that the Privacy Act prohibits the release of any 
information pursuant to a subpoena without the written 
permission of the individual to whom the records pertain. This 
requirement applies to attorneys requesting documents about 
their clients. Therefore, an attorney must provide an original 
signed consent for release of information from his or her client 
along with any subpoena for information. Any records to which 
an inmate normally has access, i.e., the inmate's medical 
records and central file, will be provided directly to the 
Page 14 of 22 
EFTA00009691
--- PAGE 17 ---
requesting attorney with the proper inmate consent. However, 
all other subpoenaed records will be provided to the United 
States Attorney's Office for a determination of whether to 
release the documents, pursuant to the Touhy regulations, 28 
C.F.R. § 16.21 et seq. 
2. 
Medical Records 
Medical records may be obtained by defense counsel with a Consent 
to Release Authorization signed by the inmate-the original 
consent form is required. The request can be mailed to the Legal 
Department. If the inmate is no longer assigned to MCC New York, 
then the requesting attorney must file a FOIA request to the 
following address: 
Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act Section 
Office of General Counsel, Room 841 
Federal Bureau of Prisons 
320 First Street, N.W. 
Washington, D.C. 20534 
Health Services staff are not at liberty to discuss information 
with an inmate's attorney related to that inmate's medical 
condition. Attorneys are encouraged to seek such information 
directly from their clients. 
If a newly arriving inmate has prior non-Bureau medical records, 
you may send the materials to MCC New York, ATTN: Health Services 
Unit. 
E. Inmate Legal Activities 
1. 
Law Library 
The law library at MCC New York consists of legal books, electric 
typewriters, and computers on which inmates may access and view 
discovery material on CD-ROM format. The Education Department 
also provides copy machines for inmates to use in preparing any 
legal documents. 
Typically, inmates at MCC New York may access the law library 
during their scheduled law library hours, which are one day a 
week, Monday through Thursday. Inmates should check the bulletin 
boards in their respective housing units for days and times 
scheduled. Inmates may sign up to access the law library between 
the hours of 7:45 a.m. and 10:40 a.m., and from 12:30 p.m. 
through 3:30 p.m. Since MCC New York is a high-rise building, 
each floor is allowed access to the law library one day per week 
because many of the inmates must be separated from each other at 
all times for security purposes. In addition, inmates who are 
pro se or who have a demonstrated legal need, such as an imminent 
court deadline or an excessive amount of discovery material to 
Page 15 of 22 
EFTA00009692
--- PAGE 18 ---
review, may be granted an additional six hours of library time on 
Fridays by making a request to the Education Department. All 
requests for additional law library time are, of course, subject 
to staff availability, number of inmate requests, and security 
concerns. If the pretrial inmate is pro se, as in representing 
his/herself, the inmate should provide the Education Department 
with official court documentation verifying his/her status. 
There is also a basic law library in the Special Housing Unit 
(SHU). 
If the law library does not have the reference material the 
inmate needs to do the research, the inmate may consult with the 
Education Department staff on the possibility of requesting 
additional materials. 
2. 
Access to Computerized Discovery Materials 
MCC New York's law library has computers which inmates may access 
during their scheduled law library hours. 
All electronic discovery materials must be sent in CD-ROM formats 
instead of DVD disks. MCC New York currently does not have the 
equipment to support DVDs. Material from DVD disks should be 
broken down and distributed onto several CDs. MCC New York 
computers have the capability to play industry standard audio or 
video files in the following formats: 
1. video clips of AVI, MPG, MPEG, WMV 
2. audio clips of WAV, MP3, WMA 
3. documents in PDF form, HTML, TXT, JPG, DOC 
Due to licensing issues, MCC New York does not support RealPlayer 
recorded audio or video formats, CD-RW disks, files made for a 
non-Microsoft computer (such as MacIntosh) or discovery in non-
standard/proprietary format. 
3. 
Leisure Library 
All housing units have been assigned a time for utilizing the 
leisure library. Inmates should check the unit bulletin board 
for days and times scheduled. 
4. Service of Process 
Bureau staff are prohibited from effecting service of process on 
inmates. MCC New York policy requires that an inmate be served 
by a federal, state or local law enforcement official (Marshals 
or Sheriffs). Because service of process occurs within the 
secure confines of the institution, private process servers, who 
are not also law enforcement officials, may not serve inmates. 
The qualified process server must contact MCC New York's Inmate 
Systems Management department to schedule an appointment before 
coming to the institution. 
Page 16 of 22 
EFTA00009693
--- PAGE 19 ---
F. Administrative Remedy Program 
It is imperative that inmates attempt to resolve any condition of 
confinement issues internally either by speaking to appropriate 
staff or through the Administrative Remedy Process. Further, all 
housing units have bulletin boards that have information 
explaining sick call procedures, access to discovery directions, 
etc. 
The Bureau's Administrative Remedy Program is a process through 
which inmates may seek formal review of an issue relating to 
virtually any aspect of their confinement, if informal procedures 
have not resolved the matter. See 28 C.F.R. Part 542 -
Administrative Remedy; and Program Statement 1330.13, 
Administrative Remedy Proaram. 
This program applies as follows: 
(1) to inmates confined in institutions operated by the Bureau of 
Prisons; (2) to inmates who are designated to contract 
Residential Reentry Centers (RRCs), formally known as Community 
Corrections Centers, under Bureau of Prisons responsibility; and 
(3) to former inmates for issues that arose during their 
confinement. See C.F.R. §542.10. 
Inmates are obligated to attempt informal resolution of 
grievances prior to filing a formal request for administrative 
remedy. ySee 28 C.F.R. §542.13. The deadline for completion of 
informal resolution and submission of a formal written 
Administrative Remedy Request, on the appropriate form, is 20 
calendar days following the date on which the basis for the 
Request occurred. See 28 C.F.R. §542.14. Once an inmate has 
filed a formal grievance at the institution level (BP-9), the 
Warden of that facility has 20 calendar days to investigate and 
provide the inmate a written response. See 28 C.F.R. §542.18. 
If the inmate is not satisfied with the Warden's response, he/she 
has 20 calendar days to file a Regional Administrative Remedy 
Appeal (BP-10). 21 28 C.F.R. §542.15. Once received in the 
Regional Office, the Regional Director has 30 calendar days to 
investigate and provide the inmate a written response. See 28 
C.F.R. §542.18. If the inmate is not satisfied with the Regional 
Director's response, he/she has 30 calendar days to file a 
Central Office Administrative Remedy Appeal (BP-11). 
C.F.R. §15. Once received in the Central Office, the 
Administrator, National Inmate Appeals, has 40 days to 
investigate and provide the inmate a written response. 28 C.F.R. 
§542.18. After receiving the Administrator's response, the 
inmate has exhausted the Bureau's Administrative Remedy Program. 
The program provides for expedited investigations and responses 
in emergency situations, as well as extensions of time for both 
filing grievances and receiving responses. At any level, an 
Administrative Remedy may be rejected if it does not fully comply 
with Program Statement 1330.13, Administrative Remedy Proaram. 
Page 17 of 22 
EFTA00009694
--- PAGE 20 ---
If complaining about a sensitive issue, in the sense that the 
inmate's safety or well-being would be placed in danger if the 
request became known at the institution, the inmate may submit 
his administrative remedy directly to the appropriate Regional 
Director, marking "Sensitive" upon the request and explaining, in 
writing, the reason for not submitting the request at the 
institution. YSgg Program Statement 1330.13, Sec.8(d)(1), 
Administrative Remedy Proaram. 
If the Regional Administrative 
Remedy Coordinator agrees that the request is sensitive, the 
request shall be accepted, investigated, and responded to. 
Otherwise, the request will not be accepted, and the inmate will 
be advised in writing of that determination, without return of 
the request. The inmate may then pursue the matter by submitting 
a request for Administrative Remedy locally to the Warden. The 
Warden shall allow a reasonable extension of time for such a 
resubmission. See 28 C.F.R. §542.17. 
Special procedures regarding the appeal of Disciplinary Hearing 
Officer (DHO) actions may be found at 28 C.F.R. §542.14(d)(2). 
Appeals from DHO actions shall be submitted initially to the 
Regional Director for the region where the inmate is currently 
located. 
G. Inmate Designations 
The majority of inmates at MCC New York are pre-trial inmates 
who, if sentenced, will serve their sentence in another 
institution. However, an inmate is not transported to a new 
institution immediately upon sentencing. The sentencing court 
must first provide to the USMS the final presentence 
investigation report and a signed judgement and commitment order. 
The USMS must then forward these documents along with a request 
for designation to the Designation and Sentence Computation 
Center (DSCC), located in Grand Prairie, Texas. When designating 
an institution for an inmate to serve a sentence, the Bureau 
considers many factors, including but not limited to, the 
security level of the inmate, medical or psychiatric concerns and 
judicial recommendations. Once an institution has been 
designated, the inmate will be transported on the next bus or 
airlift on which space is available. This entire process often 
takes several weeks to complete. Contact information for DSCC is 
as follows: 
Designation and Sentence Computation Center 
Grand Prairie Office Complex 
U.S. Armed Forces Reserve Complex 
346 Marine Forces Drive 
Grand Pr iri 
TX 75051 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Page 18 of 22 
EFTA00009695
--- PAGE 21 ---
Court Ordered Studies 
At anytime during an inmate's pre-trial confinement, the judge 
may order one of numerous studies found at 18 U.S.C. §4241 et 
seq. Once a judge signs the request for designation, the court 
must send a copy to the USMS and Probation who will then contact 
DSCC. Since the inmate is not sentenced, he is not yet in Bureau 
custody, therefore the Bureau cannot make the designation without 
an official request from the USMS to the Bureau in Grand Prairie. 
Neither the Legal Department nor any institution staff have a 
role in the process. It is up to the attorneys on the criminal 
case to make sure the order is processed as described in this 
paragraph. If questions arise, the attorneys may contact the 
DSCC (contact info. above). 
H. 
Health Services 
1. Sick Call 
Inmates are advised during their initial screening and physical 
examination that if they wish to be evaluated by the Health 
Services Department, they must submit a sick call slip to the 
department. It is imperative that inmate's use this system, as 
it helps the department track requests and have inmates seen on a 
first need to be seen basis. If an inmate has a verified chronic 
condition (i.e. diabetes, hypertension, etc.) he will be placed 
in a chronic care clinic and scheduled for appointments 
automatically. 
Sick call slips are available on the housing units and there is a 
sick call box on each unit in which to submit the slips. The 
sick call box on each housing unit will be emptied daily by a 
member of Health Services Staff and given to the medical staff 
for triage. Requests will be prioritized in accordance with 
greatest medical need. Inmates will be charged a $2.00 co-pay 
fee for all non-chronic care, non-emergent appointments. 
2. Emergency Care 
Any time there is a medical emergency on a unit, the inmate 
should notify the unit officer who can call the on-duty P.A. 
3. Medication 
With regards to medication, MCC New York staff will make every 
effort to continue an inmate on a specific medication as long as 
the inmate has proof that he is on that medication (a 
prescription, a prescription bottle, etc.). However, for safety 
of staff and other inmates, there are several medications that an 
inmate may be on that are not on the national Bureau of Prisons 
formulary. In this instance, if medical staff find it necessary 
to prescribe a substitute medication, they will do so. If an 
inmate is prescribed a medication that has refills, it is their 
responsibility to notify the pharmacy when they need a refill. 
Page 19 of 22 
EFTA00009696
--- PAGE 22 ---
This can be accomplished by placing the empty bottle on the daily 
pill line cart that comes around to each housing unit at least 
once a day. If medical staff feel that an inmate should not be 
in possession of certain medications they need (certain 
psychiatric medications), the inmate will be administered the 
medication by pharmacy during daily pill line. 
4. Independent Medical Examinations (IME) 
If an attorney seeks a court order for an IME, the following 
information must be included: 
(1) Inmate's name and register number; 
(2) A court order or similar court signed document for the 
examination; 
(3) A provision for time and date to be determined by all 
affected parties; 
(4) Expected length of examination; 
(5) Name, title, and organization of each person attending 
(all-non attorneys and non-legal representatives will 
have to fill out an application so MCC can complete a 
background check (See Attachment B); 
(6) List of all equipment to be used; and 
(7) An indication of whether the inmate's consent has been 
obtained. 
All of the above should be faxed to the Legal Department who will 
make arrangements with the medical department for a convenient 
time and date. The physician entering will be subject to using 
the equipment available at MCC New York. The physician will also 
have to complete Attachment B. 
5. 
Visits with Inmates in Local Hospital 
All USMS inmates (inmates who have not yet been sentenced) will 
be referred to the USMS for visiting, whether legal or social. 
I. Special Housing Unit (SHU) 
MCC New York has a SHU to house inmates separate from the general 
population. The SHU consists of two categories of cells: 
administrative detention and disciplinary segregation. 
Disciplinary Segregation Status. 
A form of separation from the 
general population in which inmates who commit serious violations 
of Bureau rules are confined by the Discipline Hearing Officer, 
for specified periods of time, in a cell removed from the general 
population. The DH0 imposes the sanction of disciplinary 
segregation upon determining that no other available disposition 
will adequately achieve the purpose of punishment and deterrence 
necessary to regulate an inmate's behavior within acceptable 
limits. 
Page 20 of 22 
EFTA00009697
--- PAGE 23 ---
Administrative Detention Status. 
A non-punitive form of 
separation from the general population used when the continued 
presence of the inmate within the general population would pose a 
serious threat to life, property, self, staff or other inmates, 
or to the security or orderly running of the institution. This 
housing status may also include inmates who require protective 
custody, those who cannot be placed in local population because 
they are en route to another institution (holdovers), and those 
who are awaiting a hearing before the Unit Discipline Committee 
or Discipline Hearing Officer. Program Statement 5270.07, Inmate 
Discipline and Special Housing Units, found at Bureau's public 
website. 
Additionally, all newly arriving inmates at MCC are placed in the 
Special Housing Unit until they are screened and an appropriate 
housing unit (general population or SHU) is determined. 
J. Miscellaneous 
1. Religious Programs 
Title 28 C.F.R. §548, Religious Programs and Program Statement 
5360.09, Religious Beliefs and Practices set forth the Bureau of 
Prisons' policy for inmates who wish to practice their religion 
while incarcerated. Chaplains are available at all institutions. 
See 28 C.F.R. §548.12. In addition, contract religious clergy 
and volunteers from the community augment Bureau staff to make 
available a wide variety of programs, including those involving 
group worship, individual religions counseling, spiritual 
guidance, and the study of sacred writings. See 28 C.F.R. 
§548.14. Inmates must make all religious requests, including 
common fare diets, through the Religious Services Department. 
2. 
Food Service 
Title 28 C.F.R. §548, Subpart C - Special Food and Meals, 
provides that special diets are available to meet the medical 
needs of diabetics and others who require low-salt, low-calorie, 
or other special diets. Additionally, "common-fare" meals are 
offered to inmates whose religious practices require dietary 
restrictions. See 28 C.F.R. §§547.20(b) and 548.20; Program 
Statement 5360.09, Religious Beliefs and Practices. 
The common 
fare program is designed to meet the dietary requirements of 
different religions. 
3. 
Inmate Commissary 
Inmates' families and friends may send inmates funds through 
Western Union's Quick Collect Program or through the National 
Lock Box. Please see instructions at the following address: 
http:_//www.bop.gov/inmate Programs/money/Isla 
Page 21 of 22 
EFTA00009698
--- PAGE 24 ---
4. 
Marriage 
Inmates who seek authorization to marry while in confinement must 
submit a written request through their Case Manager. 
5. 
Personal Property 
Bureau of Prisons policy on inmate retention of personal property 
is found in Program Statement 5580.07, Personal Property, Inmate. 
See also 28 C.F.R. Part 553 - Inmate Property. Inmates may 
possess only that property which by policy is authorized. See 28 
C.F.R. §553.11. Those rules contribute to the management of 
inmate personal property in the institution, and contribute to a 
safe environment for staff and inmates by reducing fire hazards, 
security risk, and sanitation problems. Personal hygiene items 
are issued by the institution for indigent inmates. Inmates may 
also purchase personal property items from the institution 
commissary. 
Inmates going out to court may bring legal material relevant to 
their current court proceedings. Inmates are not allowed to 
return from court with additional legal materials. Attorneys 
wishing to provide inmates with additional legal materials must 
send such material in the mail or deposit them material in the 
lobby legal mail drop boxes. 
6. 
A&O Handbook 
Inmates entering MCC New York are provided with an Admission and 
Orientation ("A&O") Handbook, which explains institution rules 
and procedures. The A&O Handbook addresses subjects such as 
purchasing items from the commissary, inmate correspondence and 
the inmate administrative remedy process. 
Page 22 of 22 
EFTA00009699
--- PAGE 25 ---
ATTACHMENT A 
EFTA00009700
--- PAGE 26 ---
METROPOLITAN DETENTION CENTER 
100 29111 STREET 
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK 11232 
(718) 840-4200 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
METROPOLITAN CORRECTIONAL CENTER 
150 PARK ROW 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10007 
(646) 836-6300 
We are in receipt of your request that you, or a person whom you employ or supervise, be allowed 
to visit and correspond in relation to legal matters with 
Federal Register Number 
In order for such visiting or correspondence to be conducted, we must request that you, or your 
employee or your student, complete and sign the enclosed questionnaire. Please answer the 
questionnaire, and ensure that all sections are completed. In addition, we must request that the 
sponsoring attorney execute the Attorney's Statement at the end of the questionnaire. Please return 
the form upon completion, either by regular or overnight mail. 
**BE ADVISED THAT APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED AT THE FRONT 
LOBBY OF THE INSTITUTION. APPLICATIONS SENT TO THIS OFFICE VIA 
FACSIMILE WILL BE DESTROYED UPON RECEIPT. ONLY ORIGINAL 
APPLICATIONS WILL BE PROCESSED.** 
The information supplied on this questionnaire may be used for investigative purposes in 
determining whether to grant this request to visit and correspond with inmates. The processing of 
the applications takes a minimum of 14 days from the date of receipt. It is your responsibility to 
contact the Legal Department to ascertain whether you, or your employee or student, will be 
allowed to visit or correspond with the above-referenced inmate. 
Upon approval, the applicants admittance to enter will expire (1) year from the applicants date 
of approval. It is the applicant's responsibility to reapply upon their expiration. 
Page 1 of 10 
Revixed 
EFTA00009701
--- PAGE 27 ---
GENERAL 
This information is provided pursuant to Public Law 93-579, the Privacy Act of December 31. 1974. 
PURPOSES & USES 
The information you supply may be used as a basis for an investigation regarding your 
correspondence with 
, Federal 
Register Number 
. In the process of conducting the investigation, the 
Bureau of Prisons may disclose the information to federal, state, or local law enforcement agencies. 
EFFECTS OF NONDISCLOSURE 
You are not required to supply the information requested on the attached questionnaire. If you do 
not furnish the information requested, the processing of your request will be suspended, and you will 
receive no further consideration. If you furnish only part of the information required, the processing 
of your request will be attempted; however, it may be significantly delayed. If the information 
withheld is found to be essential to processing your request properly, you will be so informed, and 
your request will receive no further consideration unless you supply the missing information. 
Although no penalties are authorized for failure to supply the requested information, failure to 
supply the information could result in your not being considered for or allowed admittance to the 
institution or correspondence privileges with the inmate in question. 
Page 2 of 10 
Revixed 
EFTA00009702
--- PAGE 28 ---
O PARALEGAL* (See Page 5) 
O INTERPRETER 
O PRIVATE INVESTIGATOR (See Page 9) 
K MITIGATION SPECIALIST (See Page 10) 
❑OTHER 
APPLICATION TO ENTER AN INSTITUTION OR CORRESPOND WITH A FEDERAL 
PRISONER AS THE REPRESENTATIVE OF A LICENSED ATTORNEY. 
This form has three parts: 
1.Questionnaire: This questionnaire is to be completed by each paralegal, legal assistant, clerk, 
student, interpreter, mitigation specialist or private investigator who seeks to enter an institution of 
the Federal Bureau of Prisons to visit or correspond with a federal prisoner as the representative of 
a licensed attorney. This application will not be processed unless this questionnaire with the original 
signature is received at the Legal Department. 
2. Certification: Each person seeking to enter a federal institution to visit or correspond with a 
federal prisoner must sign the certification which follows the questionnaire. 
3. Attorney's Statement: The licensed attorney sponsoring you must sign the sponsoring 
statement. This application will not be processed if the Attorney's Sponsoring Statement is not 
signed. 
QUESTIONNAIRE 
NOTE: Answer all questions. If a question does not apply to you , write "Not Applicable" in the 
space provided for the answer. 
1. Name: 
A: 
Any alias or other name ever used: 
Name: 
 When Used: 
2. A. Social Security Number: 
B. Date of Birth: 
C. Place of Birth: 
D. Sex: 
E. Race: 
Page 3 of 10 
Revixed 
EFTA00009703
--- PAGE 29 ---
3. 
A. Present Residential Address: 
B. Length of time at this address: 
C. Home telephone number: 
D. List all residential addresses (including street and number, city and state) for the last 
five (5) years and dates you resided at each address: 
Addresses 
Dates 
4. A. Present Place of Employment: 
I. Name of immediate supervisor: 
H. Employer's business address: 
III. Employer's telephone number: 
IIII. Dates of Employment: 
B. List all previous employers for the past five (5) years, including employers' addresses and 
dates of your employment with each employer: 
EMPLOYER 
ADDRESS 
DATES OF EMPLOYMENT 
5. A. List all schools, universities, or other educational institutions attended from grade 
Page 4 of 10 
Revixed 
EFTA00009704
--- PAGE 30 ---
to present (this should include any and all legal training that you have received): 
SCHOOL 
ADDRESS 
DEGREE & DATE RECEIVED 
*B. Paralegal entrance privileges are ONLY extended to paralegals in the employ of the 
sponsoring attorney, not self-employed paralegals who are consulted by attorneys. 
Paralegal applications require the applicant A) be a current law school student or graduate 
B) provide a copy of their paralegal certificate or C) have a minimum of (6) months 
experience as a paralegal working with their sponsoring attorney AND provide a letter 
from the sponsoring attorney stating the applicant's duties. 
6. Have you ever been convicted of ANY criminal offense? 
If so, complete the following. You may exclude any convictions for minor traffic violations 
(fine of $150.00 or less) 
OFFENSE 
DATE OF CONVICTION 
NAME & LOCATION OF COURT 
7. Have you ever been confined in any jail, prison or penal institution? 
If so, complete the following: 
Type of Institution 
Location 
(State, Federal, Municipal County) 
Dates of Confinement 
Page 5 of 10 
Revixed 
EFTA00009705
--- PAGE 31 ---
8. Have you ever been charged with a criminal offense? If yes, please briefly summarize 
circumstances and legal disposition of the case. 
9. A Have you ever been denied permission to visit or correspond with an inmate by an institution 
within the Federal Bureau of Prisons (social or legal)? 
B. If so, state the institution(s), inmate(s) and date(s) of denial. 
10. Are you a citizen of the United States? A. 
If not, give the name of the country of which you are a citizen or subject: B. 
Alien Registration Number: C. 
11. Are you a relative of or have a social relationship with the inmate(s) you are seeking to visit 
with 
at the MDC/ MCC? If yes, explain relationship. 
12. Are you currently on, or seeking to be placed on the social visiting list of any inmate(s) 
housed at a federal institution? 
Page 6 of 10 
Revixed 
EFTA00009706
--- PAGE 32 ---
STATEMENT OF APPLICANT 
I certify that I am authorized to act as the legal representative of 
who is a licensed member of the bar of the State of 
I request that I be allowed to interview and correspond with 
Federal Register Number 
 who is confined at the MDC/ MCC. 
I am aware of my responsibility as a representative of the above-named attorney and certify 
that I am able to meet this responsibility. I am also aware of the Bureau of Prisons' Policy 
on Inmate Legal Activities and certify that I am able to and will adhere to the requirements 
of this policy. I pledge to abide by Bureau of Prisons regulations and institution guidelines. 
I hereby certify that all of the information contained in this questionnaire is true and correct 
to the best of my knowledge. Furthermore, I understand that all information contained in this 
questionnaire may be investigated and verified through the use of federal, state and local 
authorities. 
Applicant's printed name: 
Applicant's signature: 
Date Completed: 
Private Investigators must submit a copy of their Private Investigators Certificate and Private 
Investigator's photo identification. 
Page 7 of 10 
Revixed 
EFTA00009707
--- PAGE 33 ---
STATEMENT OF SPONSORING ATTORNEY 
I hereby certify that I am a licensed member of the bar of the State of 
and that I employ or supervise 
I authorize 
to represent me and request that as my 
representative she/he be allowed to interview and correspond with 
Federal Register Number 
 who is currently confined at MDC 
Brooklyn/ MCC New York, I further certify that 
is aware 
of the responsibility of her/his role as my representative and is able to meet this 
responsibility. I pledge that I will supervise my representative's activities. I accept personal 
and professional responsibility for all acts of my representative which affect the institution, 
its inmates or staff. 
Attorney's printed name: 
Address: 
Telephone Number: 
Attorney's Signature: 
Date Completed: 
Page 8 of 10 
Revixed 
EFTA00009708
--- PAGE 34 ---
PRIVATE INVESTIGATOR APPLICANTS 
The following visiting procedures will be applied to Private Investigators entering the 
institutions: 
Private Investigators on the approved list will be permitted to enter the institution without the 
accompaniment of their sponsoring attorney. 
Private Investigators will be required to submit a statement of sponsoring attorney as well as a 
copy of their Private Investigator's License EACH TIME THEY WANT TO VISIT ON 
BEHALF OF AN ATTORNEY OTHER THAN THE INITIAL SPONSORING ATTORNEY. 
Your admittance to enter will expire one year from the date of your approval or upon the 
expiration of your private investigators license (which ever comes first). 
Private Investigators will be permitted to bring pre-approved interpreters, if necessary. 
Please be advised that it is the responsibility of the Private Investigator to make her/his sponsoring 
attorney aware of the above procedures. The enclosed Sponsoring Statement form can be 
reproduced locally. 
Page 9 of 10 
Revixed 
EFTA00009709
--- PAGE 35 ---
MITIGATION SPECIALIST/ DOCTOR APPLICANTS 
The following visiting procedures will be applied to Mitigation Specialists entering this 
institution: 
Mitigation Specialists/ Doctors on the approved list will be permitted to enter the institution 
without the accompaniment of their sponsoring attorney. 
Mitigation Specialists/ Doctors will be required to submit a court order along with the statement 
of sponsoring attorney EACH TIME THEY WANT TO VISIT ON BEHALF OF AN 
ATTORNEY OTHER THAN THE INITIAL SPONSORING ATTORNEY. 
A new order must be produced for each inmate that the Mitigation Specialist/ Doctor seeks to 
correspond with, additionally, a new order must be produced when the mitigation specialist is 
renewing their application after expiration. 
Mitigation Specialists/ Doctors will be permitted to bring pre-approved interpreters, if necessary. 
Mitigation Specialists/ Doctors must schedule visits by faxing a copy of the order and a letter 
specifying the date and time requested. The letter should include the inmate's name and register 
number. The request needs to be faxed to the respective Legal Department for the institution you 
need to visit. 
Please be advised that it is the responsibility of the Mitigation Specialist/ Doctors to make her/his 
sponsoring attorney aware of the above procedures. The enclosed Sponsoring Statement form can 
be reproduced locally. 
Page 10 of 10 
Revixed 
EFTA00009710
--- PAGE 36 ---
ATTACHMENT B 
EFTA00009711
--- PAGE 37 ---
BP-A0660.012 
AP 99 
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
NCIC CHECK 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF PRISONS 
AUTHORIZATION FOR RELEASE OF INFORMATION 
NCIC (National Crime Information Center) CHECK 
I hereby authorize a representative of the Federal Bureau of Prisons to obtain any 
information on my criminal history background. i understand that this check must be done 
before I am allowed to enter/serve at any Bureau facility. I also understand that refusal 
to provide all necessary information may result in 1) denial of entry into a Bureau 
facility and 2) denial of volunteer/contract status. 
1. Name (Last, First, Middle) 
2. Address (Street address) (City, State, County, Zip Code) 
3. Home Telephone Number (Area Code, Number): 
4. Aliases/Nickname: 
5. Citizenship (List the country you are a citizen of): 
6. Social Security Number: 
7. Date of Birth (Month, day, year): 
8a. Sex: 
Ob. Race: 
Sc. Height: 
8d. Weight: 
80. Color of Eyes: 
8f. Color of Hair: 
9. Place of Birth (City, State, County), (List city, county and country if outside the 
U.S. A) 
10. The above listed information is true 
and correct. Applicant's Signature 
10a. Date 
PRIVACY AC7 NOTICE 
Authority for Collecting Information: E.O. 10450; 5 CSC 1303-1305; 42 USC 2165 and 2455; 
USC 2585 and 2519; and 5 USC 3301 
Purposes and Uses' Information provided on this form will be furnished to individuals in 
order to obtain information regarding activities in connection with an investigation to 
determine (1) fitness for Federal employment, (2) clearance to perform contractual service 
for the Federal Government, (3) security clearance or access. The information obtained 
may be furnished to third parties as necessary in the fulfillment of official 
responsibilities. 
Effects of Non-disclosures: Furnishing the requested information is voluntary, but failure 
to provide all or of part the information may result in lack of further consideration for 
employment, clearance or access, or in the termination of your employment. 
!This form may by replicated vie MP) 
EFTA00009712


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009713.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009713.pdf
----------------------------------------
MCC NEW YORK 
NEW YORK, NY 
Daily Assignment Rader 
07:00 • 16:00 
Poet 
Split Shift 2 00:00 • 08:00 
013:00 - 14:00 
08:00 -18:00 
CAPTAIN 
CAPTAIN SEC 
OPS LT 
Monday July 22, 2019 
Page 1 
12:00 - 20:00 
14:00 -22:00 
16:00 • 00:00 
ACT LT 
OT 
ADMIN LT 
08:30 15:00 
SHU LT 
SIS LT 
"10 <unassigned> 
SIS LT /2 
<unassigned> 
SIA 
<unassigned> 
SIS TECH /2 
PHONE MONITOR 
<unassigned> 
SEC OFFICER It 
SEC OFFICER *2 
<unassigned> 
$ 
TOOL ROOM 
"8 <unassigned> 
SEARCH OFFICER 
a 
OFF 
OFF 
- 8 <unassigned> 
LOBBY 
^1~ 
OT 
CONTROL at 
CT 
"12 
CONTROL /2 
10U 
(NC) 
INTERNAL 
"8 
OT 
INTERNAL *2 
"2 <unassigned> 
ATTY CONF 
OT 
UNIT 2 
- 4~ 
OT 
4-1 
CT 
UNIT 3 
"12 
(NC) 
NORTH 
SOUTH 
- 2 
^8 
^1 
OT 
OT 
OT 
.1= 
^1r 
OT (NC) 
OT 
OT (NC) 
—2~ 
OT 00.00 01.00 
NORTH 
SOUTH 
^8I 
(NC) 
NORTH 
OT 
OT 
SHU /1 
OT (NC) 
SHU /2 
^2 
^1 
OT (NC) 
OT 
SHU 93 
SHU /4 
^1 
OT 
19/2020 10:38:28 AM 
SONY_00013446 
Page 01 
EFTA00009713
--- PAGE 2 ---
Monday July 22, 2019 
Page 2 
SOUTH II 
SOUTH f2 
<unassigned> 
e'1011r
-
16: 
: 
REC OFFICER II 
—3 <unassigned> 
REC OFFICER f2 
<unassigned> 
NORTH 
' 12 
CT 
OT 
SOUTH 
SOUTH 12 
REAR GATE 
OSP 01 
SANITATION OFF 
I <unassigned> 
VISIT 01 
VISIT t2 
VISIT e3 
""Special Assignments"" 
EPO OFFICE 
ESCORT OFF It 
ESCORT OFF it2 
LOBBY #2 
 •
O• T (NC) 13 00 20 00 
TOWN DRIVER 
PHONE RM 
<unass. •node 
PHONE RM 2 
OSP 
OPS LT 
"10-
OT 14:00 16.00 
""Back Page Categories--
19r20201036:31 AM 
SDNY_00013447 
:.)a,;e G2 
EFTA00009714
--- PAGE 3 ---
Monday July 22. 2019 
Page 3 
LWOP 
LWOP(M) 
AWOL 
SUSPENSION 
OF 
COP 
IF TRAINING 
TIME OFF AWARD 
'Change Records*" 
Post 
Spit ShR Officer 
Relieved Officers 
New Status 
Relieving Officer 
TOOL ROOM 
[SR* / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
[Sick I Annual) 
(Removed) 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SOUTH 
SOUTH Cl 
CONTROL N2 
Annual Leave 
<Unassigned> 
(sp)PHONE RM 
CONTROL *2 
<Unassigned> 
SHU al 
LWOP(M) 
<Unassigned> 
INTERNAL 
Annual Leave 
<Unassigned> 
tinseled NCS) 
(SkiJAnnua0 
(sp)LOBBY *2 
<Unassigned> 
(Sp)LOBBY ff2 
[Time Change] 
Shift 
LOBBY #2 
ATTY CONE 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
ATTY CONF 
UNIT 3 
UNIT 2 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
UNIT 2 
ATTY CONF 
INTERNAL 
<Unassigned> 
INTERNAL 
INTERNAL 
Shift 
Relieving Officer's 
Ret 
Previous Status 
Shft Changed By 
KS 7/14 13 31 
KS 7/14 13.54 
810 SOUTH 11 
Staff 
Y RW 7/1511:58 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
KS 7/16 07:54 
KS 7/16 07:54 
KS 7/16 09:22 
KS 7/160929 
RW 7/1611:43 
[Sick / Annual] 
RW 7/1611:43 
RW 7/1811:44 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
13:00 20:00
UNIT 3 
Y RW 7/16 14:37 
Staff 
OT/CT Start 
End 
OT 
ATTY CONE 
Y RW 7/1808:34 
Staff 
OT/CT Start 
End 
OT 
INTERNAL 
Y FtVV 7/18 10:01 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
191202010:38:33 MA 
SDNY_00013448 
e03 
EFTA00009715
--- PAGE 4 ---
Poet 
Spit Shit Officer 
Relieved Wheats 
Now Status 
Relieving Officer 
Monday July 
Relieving Officers 
Rat 
Previous Status 
Shit Changed By 
22, 2019 
Page 4 
SHU LT 
Sick Leave 
<Unasstgned> 
KS 7118 10:19 
INTERNAL 12 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
INTERNAL 82 
Annual Lease 
Annual Leave 
Staff 
Y RW 7/18 11:12 
OT/CT Start 
CT 
End 
LWOP 
PHONE RM 2(so) 
KS 7/18 11:35 
[Inserted NCS) 
[Sick/Annual) 
RW 7/19 10:18 
SHU 02
<Unassigned> 
ISkk / Annual) 
RW 7/19 10:19 
(so)LOSEIY 92 
Mrne Change) 
SWt 
LOBBY 92 
le
a
RW 7/19 10:55 
OT/CT Start 
CT 
13:00 
End 
20:00 
[Inserted NCS] 
[Sick/Annuall 
RW 7/19 12:08 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
[Sick I Annual] 
RW 7/19 12:09 
OSP e1 
<Unassigned> 
LOBBY 
Staff 
Y DM 7/20 21:40 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
OSP 01 
LOBBY 
SOUTH 
S 
<Unassigned> 
5 SOUTH 
Staff 
`I KS 7/21 11:33 
OT/CT sun 
OT 
End 
Shift 
SOUTH 
SOUTH 
ACT LT 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
ACT LT 
SHU LT 
SHU LT 
Staff 
V KS 72113:55 
OT/CT Stan 
OT 
End 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
NORTH 
SOUTH s• 
10 SOUTH 81 
V 
Staff 
MR 7/21 14:56 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
NORTH 
NORTH 
9 NORTH 
Y 
Staff 
MR 7/21 15:04 
OT/CT Stan 
OT 
End 
SHU 02
<Unassigned> 
7 SOUTH 
MR 7/21 15:04 
SHU 111 
<Unassigned> 
SANITATION OFF 
MR 7/21 15:06 
NOFtTti 
<Unassigned> 
UNIT 3 
Y 
Staff 
MR 7/21 15:54 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
NORTH 
UNIT 3 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SOUTH 
SOUTH 
7 SOUTH 
Y 
Staff 
MR 7/21 17:26 
OT/CT Stan 
OT 
End 
Sill 61 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SHU 01 
11' SOUTH 82 
11 SOUTH a2 
Y 
Staff 
MR 7/21 17:30 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
REC OFFICER 02 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
MR 7/21 19:36 
CONTROL Si 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
MR 7/21 20:52 
19,202010:38:33 AM 
SONY_000 13449 
Page 04 
EFTA00009716
--- PAGE 5 ---
Poet 
Spit Shat Officer 
Relieved Officer's 
New Status 
Relieving Officer 
CONTROL #1 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
CONTROL S1 
Annual Leave 
CONTR0L#1 
[Time Change] 
Shift 
CONTROL 01 
INTERNAL 02 
[Sick I Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
[Sick /Amuag 
[Removed] 
OFF 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
OSP Pt 
[Time Change) 
Shift 
OSP al 
(sp)OSP 01 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
OSP SI 
SOUTH 
SOUTH 
rime Change] 
Shift 
SOUTH 
NORTH 
<Unassved> 
Shift 
NORTH 
SOUTH 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
III 
Shift 
NORTH 
NORTH 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SOUTH 
Day Off 
SOUTH 
(Sick / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
[Sick / Annual] 
[Removed] 
SHU 03 
<Unassegned> 
(sp)ESCORT OFF 
(Time Change] 
Shift 
ESCORT OFF fil 
(sp)ESCORT OFF 12 
Mena Change] 
Shift 
ESCORT OFF #2 
CONTROL SI 
<Unassigned> 
VIVI* 62 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
VISIT S2 
SHUS3 
SHU f4 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SHUS4 
CAPTAIN SEC 
NORTH 
(Sick / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
Mick / Annual] 
[Removed] 
Monday July 22, 2019 
Papa 6
Relieving Offices 
Ret 
Previous Status 
Stift Changed By 
Annual Leave a 
V MR 7/21 20:54 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
MR 7/21 2014 
OT/CT Start End 
CT 
MR 7/21 20:54 
MR 7/21 20:54 
DM 7/21 23:08 
DM 7122 00:47 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
00:00 01:00 
7 SOUTH 
Y DM 7/22 00:48 
Staff 
01/CT Start End 
OT 
011)0 08:00 
Staff 
DM 7/22 00-.48 
OT/CT Stag End 
OT 
00:00 01:00 
11 SOUTH 
Y OM 7/22 05:17 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
5 NORTH 
Y DM 7/22 05:18 
Staff 
OT/CT Start 
End 
. 
OT 
Day Off 
Y DM 7/22 05:22 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
DM 7/22 05:22 
DM 7/22 05:22 
REC OFFICER SI 
JD 7/22 08:11 
CM 7/22 07:38 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
07:00 15:00 
CM 7/22 07:36 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
07:00 15:00 
5 SOUTH 
RW 7/22 08:23 
SHU 1/3 
RW 7/22 08:28 
Staff 
OT/CT Start 
End 
OT 
CAPTAIN SEC 
V RW irn 08:30 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
RW 7/22 08:31 
RW 7/22 08:31 
19/2020 10:38:33 AM 
SONY_000 13450 
Page 05 
EFTA00009717
--- PAGE 6 ---
Monday July 22, 2019 
Page 6 
Post 
AMIN LT 
BPS Shit Moir 
S 
Relieved Officer's 
New Status 
Relieving Officer's 
Rat 
Relieving Ornate 
Previous Status 
Shft Changed By 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
AMAIN LT 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
ADMIN LT 
Sick Leave 
Sick Leave 
LOBBY 
NORTH 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
Skit Leave 
<Unassigned> 
KS 7/22 09:12 
KS 7/2209:12 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
08:30 15:00 
07:00 08:30 
RW 7/22 09:25 
CM 7/22 09:55 
SHU 04 
(Sick /alma]) 
<Unassigned> 
RW 7/22 10:22 
(Sick / Ainual] 
(Removed) 
RW 72210:22 
LOBBY 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
LOBBY 
CAPTAIN SEC 
CAPTAIN SEC 
Y RW 722 10:22 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
• 
CAPTAIN 
[Time Change] 
Shift 
CAPTAIN 
Staff 
RW 7/22 1023 
OT/CT Start End 
06:00 14:00 
SHU 04 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SHU a4 
SHU 
SHU 62 
Staff 
Y JO 7/22 1031 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
SHU a2 
Assignment Swap 
SOUTH 
SHUN 12 
(SWAP) 
JD 72210:38 
<Unassigned> 
SHU 64 
JO 7/22 1029 
NORTH 
Day Off 
<Unassigned> 
RW 7122 10:42 
(Inserted NCS] 
[Sick/Annual] 
JD 7/22 10:43 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual( 
JD 7/22 10:43 
(Inserted CS] 
(Slc✓Annal) 
JD 702 10:43 
SOUTH 
(Inserted NCSI 
<Unaswgned> 
(Sick / Annual( 
JD 7/22 10:43 
(Sidt/Annual) 
JO 7/22 1053 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
[Ski( I Annual) 
JO 7/22 1053 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
ShM 
NORTH 
UNIT 3 
UNIT 3 
Y JO 702 11:06 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
NORTH 
Assignment Swap 
t NORTH 
UNIT 2 12 
(SWAP] 
JD 702 11:06 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
NORTH 
SOUTH 
811 SOUTH 
VISIT 02 
SHU N 
<Unassigned> 
(Time Change] 
Shift 
VISIT N2 
Shift 
SHU a4 
Day Off 
V JD 7/22 11:08 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
MR 7/22 11:51 
Staff 
OT/CT Start 
End 
MIME
OT 
14:00 20:00 
Day Off 
Staff 
V RW 7/22 12:49 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
MS LT 
<Unsigned> 
Annual Leave 
TD 7/22 13:02 
SOUTH 02 
<Unassigned> 
5 SOUTH 
MR 7/22 14:11 
19202010:36:34 AM 
SONY_00013451 
Page Of 
EFTA00009718
--- PAGE 7 ---
Monday July 22, 2019 
Page 7 
Relieved Officer's 
Relieving Officers 
Ret 
Post 
Spit Shft Officer 
New Status 
Relieving Officer 
Previous Status 
Shft Changed By 
SOUTH #2 
[Time Change) 
MR 7/22 14.12 
Shift 
ff 
OT/CT Start 
End 
SOUTH tr2 
16.00 00.00 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
SHU #4 
Y JD 7122 1412 
Shift 
wt. 
OT/CT Start 
End 
SOUTH 
SHU 04 
(sp)OPS LT 
<Unassigned> 
OPS LT 
V JD 7/22 15:56 
Shift 
ff 
OTICT Start 
End 
OPS LT 
OT 
14:00 16:00 
OPS LT 
06:00 14:00 
UNIT 2 
[Time Change] 
SJ 7/22 18:39 
Shift 
Stiff 
OT/CT Start 
End 
UNIT 2 
CT 
CAPTAIN SEC 
[lime Change] 
Shift 
CAPTAIN SEC 
NORTH 
Annual Leave 
SJ 7/22 18:39 
OTICT Start End 
06:00 14:00 
[Time Change] 
KS 7/23 09:24 
Shift 
ai
m
OT/CT Start End 
NORTH 
CT 
TIME OFF AWARD 
KS 7/23 10:19 
(sp)LOBBV 12 
[Time Change] 
KS 86 12:59 
Shift 
OT/CT Start 
End 
LOBBY #2 
OT 
13:00 20'00 
AWOL 
LWOP 
KS 8/1915:34 
LWOP 
AWOL 
AWOL 
AWOL 
KS 8/27 12.48 
LWOP 
KS 8127 12•48 
LWOP 
CM 9/1602:55 
Sick Leave 
LWOP 
CM 10/3009:17 
" —Recapitulation"" 
Morning Watch 
AM Watch 
Day Watch 
PM Watch 
S 
Evening Watch 
"Back Page Categories" 
Day Off 
Sick Leave 
Annual Leave 
LWOP 
LWOP(M) 
AWOL 
SUSPENSION 
OFFICIAL TIME 
COP 
IF TRAINING 
TIME OFF AWARD 
Total Correctional Svcs. Staff: 106 
Non Correctional Svcs. Staff: 12 
Overtime Occurrences: 24 
Comptime Occurrences: 3 
Ops Lt. Evening Watch Signature: 
19/2020 10.38:34 AM 
SONY_00013452 
EFTA00009719
--- PAGE 8 ---
Monday July 22, 2019 
Page 8 
Captain's Signature: 
19(2020 10 38 34 AM 
SDNY_00013453 
Pege Ct 
EFTA00009720
--- PAGE 9 ---
MCC NEW YORK 
NEW YORK, NY 
Daily Assignment Roster 
Tuesday July 21, 2019 
Page 1 
07:00 - 15:00 
12:00 - 20:00 
Post 
Split Shift 2 00:00 08:00 
06:00 14:00 
08:00 - 16:00 
14:00 • 22:00 
16:00 - 00:00 
CAPTAIN 
CAPTAIN SEC 
OPS LT 
"2 
"8 
ACT LT 
^10 
OT 
ADMIN LT 
SHU LT 
—10 <unassigned> 
SIS LT 
<unassigned> 
SIS LT 112 
OT 08.00 10:30 
SIA 
<unassigned> 
SIS TECH VI 
<unassigned> 
SIS TECH /f2 
PHONE MONITOR 
SEC OFFICER Si 
<unassigned> 
SEC OFFICER 52 
TOOL ROOM 
**6 <unassigned> 
SEARCH OFFICER 
OFF 
OFF 
^8 <unassigned> 
LOBBY 
CONTROL 01 
"12 
(NC) 
CONTROL V2 
(NC) 
INTERNAL 
^2 
-a 
^12 
OT (NC) 00 00 01 30 
INTERNAL 
CT 
^12 
ATTY CONF 
"8 
OT 
^12 
OT 
MI 
UNIT 2 
UNIT 3 
"2 
OT 
NORTH 
OT 
" 8 = 
^12 
OT (NC) 
SOUTH 
^2 
OT 
"8 
NORTH 
^2 
OT 
^8 
OT 
OT 
SHU Si 
"2 
OT 
"8 
SHUll 
OT 
"8 
OT 
"12 
OT (NC) 
SHU 13 
INC) 
SHU 
"8 
OT 
"12 <unassigned> 
SOUTH /1 
"8 
19/7020 10 38 45 AM 
SDNY_00013454 
EFTA00009721
--- PAGE 10 ---
Tuesday July 23, 2019 
Page 2 
SOUTH 02 
<unassigned> 
"10 
OT 
REC OFFICER S1 
FtEC OFFICER 02 
NORTH 
—2 
CT 
(NC) 
SOUTH 
•"2 
OT 
SOUTH f2 
(NC) 
REAR GATE 
a
OSP SI 
SANITATION OFF 
VISIT Si 
VISIT /2 
OT 
VISIT 03 
""Special Assignments's" 
EPO OFFICE 
ESCORT OFF 01 
^8 
07.30 15.30 
OT !M. 
ESCORT OFF 02 
'10 
07•30 15.30 
15.30 1800 
LOBBY 02 
OT (NC) 
PHONE RM 
TOWN DRIVER 
SUICIDE WATCH 
- 2 
(NC) 01:30 08:00 
NORTH 
CT 08:00 08:45 
Still PROPERTY 
- 12 
OT (11.
111.00 
""Back Page Categories"' 
DAY OFF 
SICK LEAVE 
ANNUAL LEAVE 
COMPTIME USED 
19/2020 10 18 48 AM 
SDNY_00013455 
Page 
EFTA00009722
--- PAGE 11 ---
Tuesdry July 23, 2019 
Page 3 
WOP
LWOP(M) 
AWOL 
SUSPENSION 
OFFICIAL TIME 
COP 
IF TRAINING 
TIME OFF AWARD 
••••Change Records"" 
Post 
Spit Shft Muir 
Reiland Offices 
Now Status 
Relieving Offker 
Relieving Officer's 
Previous Status 
Ret 
Shit Changed By 
TOOL ROOM 
Pick / Annual) 
<Unassigned> 
KS 7114 13:31 
(Sick / Mnuaq 
(Removed) 
KS 7114 13:52 
CONTROL 02 
Annual Leave 
<Unassigned> 
KS 7/113 07:54 
(*.)PHONE RM 2 
CONTROL 02 
<Unassigned> 
KS 7/1807:54 
SHU 01 
LWOP(M) 
<Unassigned> 
KS 7/180912 
INTERNAL 
Annual Leave 
<Unassigned> 
KS 7/1809:29 
INTERNAL 
<Unassigned> 
SOUTH 
KS 7/1812:07 
UNIT 3 
<Unassigned> 
Annual Leave 
Staff 
Y RW 7/17 15:58 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
UNIT 3 
Annual Leave 
ATTY CONE 
<Unassigned> 
Annual lease 
Y RW 7/18 08:00 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
ATV( CONE 
Annual Leave 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shill 
SOUTH 
NORTH 
9 NORTH 
Staff 
Y RW 7/18 10:11 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
SHU LT 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
KS 7/18 1019 
LWOP 
PHONE RM 2(sp) 
KS 7/18 11:35 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
10 SOUTH 01 
Staff 
Y RW 7/18 12:10 
OT/CT Start 
End 
Shift 
SOUTH 
SOUTH 01 
preened NCS) 
(Sick/Annual) 
RW 7/1910:19 
19/2020 10:38:49 NA 
SONY_00013456 
Page I 
EFTA00009723
--- PAGE 12 ---
Tuesday July 23. 2019 
Page 4 
Relieved Officer's 
R•Roving Officer's 
Rat 
Post 
Spit Shft Officer 
Now Status 
Relieving Officer 
Previous Status 
Shft Changed By 
INTERNAL 
<Unassigned> 
SOUTH #2 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SOUTH 12 
Annual Leave 
ACT LT 
<Unassigned> 
[Sick (Annual] 
RW 7/19 10:19 
Annual Leave 
Y RW 7119 12:15 
S 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
$
BOPS LT 
Y JD 7/21 14:10 
Shift 
OT/CT Stet End 
ACT LT 
O1 
OPS LT 
SHU 12 
<Unassigned> 
SHU 14 
Y RW 7/22 08:21 
Shift 
Still S2 
SHU 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
VISIT 12 
VISIT 12 
(SC / Annual) 
NORTH 
<Unassigned:. 
7 NORTH 
Y RW 722 08:34 
Shift 
Staff 
OT/CT Start 
End 
NORTH 
OT 
NORTH 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
Day Off 
V RW 7/22 0145 
<Unassigned> 
REC OFFICER 01 
Y RW 7/22 08:26 
Shift 
OT/CT Start End 
VISIT 12 
OT 
REC OFFICER 11 
$ 
I $ 
(Sick I Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
RW 7/22 08:27 
(Removed) 
RW 7/22 08:27 
(p)PHONE RM 2 
Sick Leave 
Shift 
OT/CT Start End 
NORTH 
OT 
Day OR 
KS 7/22 09:05 
SHU 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SHU II 
SHU 111 
SHU 11 
Y RW 7/22 09-.20 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
' 
(Inserted PCS) 
(Sidt/Annuag 
RW 7/22 09:39 
SHU 13 
<Unassigned> 
[Sick / Annual) 
RW 7/22 09:39 
SHU 14 
SHU 12 
NORTH 
[Sock / Annual) 
NORTH 
NORTH 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
SANITATION OFF 
Y RW 7/12 10:04 
Shift 
OT/CT Start End 
5/11.1 14 
OT 
SANITATION OFF 
SHU 12 
RW 7122 10:19 
Y RW 7/22 10:19 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
<Unassigned> 
• IM 
Day Off 
S 
Shift 
SHU 12 
Day Off 
[Sick / Amuag 
<Unassigned> 
[Removed] 
<Unassigned> 
NORTH 
UNIT 2 
UNIT 2 
Staff 
<Unassigned> 
11 SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
5 NORTH 
RW 72210:43 
RW 722 10 43 
V RW 7/2211:04 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
MR 7/22 14:34 
MR 7/22 14:37 
19/2020 10:38:50 AM 
SIDNY_000 13457 
Page r 
EFTA00009724
--- PAGE 13 ---
Rost 
Spit Sift Officer 
Relived Offices 
New Status 
Relieving Officer 
Tuesday Jut, 23, 2019 
Papa 
Relieving Offkers 
Rat 
Previous Status 
Shft Changed By 
INTERNAL #2 
<Unassigned> 
Annual Leave 
Y FtW 7/22 14:45 
OT/CT Start 
CT 
End 
Shift 
INTERNAL 12 
Annual Leave 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
NORTH 
Day Off 
Day Off 
Y FtW 7/22 14:58 
fsn 
OT/CT Stott 
OT 
End 
VISTT n 
<Unassigned> 
REC OFFICER 
Staff 
#1 
Y FtW 7/22 15:28 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
VISIT 12 
REC OFFICER HI 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
UNIT 3 
Stiff 
Y MR nn 18:12 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
NORTH 
UNIT 3 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SOUTH 
UNIT 2 
UNIT 2 
it ff 
Y SJ 7/22 19:21 
OT/CT Start 
or 
End 
INTERNAL 
<Unassigned> 
SHUSH 
SJ 7/22 *22 
Still 02 
(Sick / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 7/22 21:14 
[Sick / Annual] 
[Removed] 
SJ 7/22 21:14 
SHU 12 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SHU 12 
INTERNAL f2 
INTERNAL 02 
Staff 
Y SJ 7/22 21:14 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
SOUTH 
[Skit / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
GA 7/22 22:08 
[Sidi / Annual] 
[Removed] 
GA 7/22 22:08 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
INTERNAL 
Staff 
Y GA 7/22 22:12 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
SOUTH 
INTERNAL 
[Inserted NCSJ 
(Sick/Annual 
GA 7/23 04:30 
(sp)Suicide Watch 
<Unassigned> 
[Sick I Annual] 
GA 7/23 04:31 
(sp)Suicide Watch 
(Tine Change] 
Shift 
Suicide Watch 
Staff 
GA 7/23 04:31 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
01:30 
End 
08:00 
INTERNAL 
rime Change] 
Shift 
INTERNAL 
GA 7/23 04:32 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
00:00 
End 
01:30 
SOUTH 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
GA 7/23 05:05 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
$ INTERNAL 
JD 7/23 07:13 
INTERNAL 
<Unassigned> 
7 NORTH 
JD 7/23 07:18 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
NORTH 
NORTH 
9 NORTH 
`I JD 7/23 07:17 
OT/CT Stan 
OT 
End 
SOUTH 
[Sick I Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
JD 7/23 07:17 
(SO /Annual) 
(Removed] 
JD 7/23 07:17 
SOUTH 
eUnassrgned> 
INTERNAL 
JO 7/23 07:17 
19202010:38:50 AM 
SONY_00013458 
Page 1 
EFTA00009725
--- PAGE 14 ---
Peet 
Spit Stiff Officer 
Relieved Ohl es 
Now Status 
Relieving Officer 
INTERNAL 
<Unassigned> 
CONTROL /II 
<Unassigned> 
ATTY CONF 
<Unpaired> 
Shift 
ATTY CONF 
Day Off 
(Inserted NCS] 
[Sick/Annual) 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
NORTH 
Assignment Swap 
SOUTH' 
SHU #4 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SHU 14 
CAPTAIN SEC 
NORTH 
(Time Change] 
Shift 
NORTH 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
IF TRAINING 
Sick Leave 
0011 NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
NORTH 
Day Off 
[Inserted NCS] 
(Sick/Amwalj 
(p)LOBBY #2 
<unassigned> 
SIS LT .2 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SIS LT 02 
OPS LT 
Annual Leave 
TIME OFF AWARD 
SHU 04 
(Sick / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual) 
(Removed] 
(sp)ESCORT OFF .1 
(TIM. Change] 
Shift 
ESCORT OFF 01 
(se/ESCORT OFF Ir2 
$ 
(Time Change) 
Shift 
ESCORT OFF 02 
(Inserted NCS) 
(Sick/Annual] 
(sp)SHU PROPERTY 
<Unassigned> 
(p)SHU PROPERTY 
(Tins Change] 
Shift 
SHU PROPERTY 
(Inserted NCSI 
(SO/Annual] 
SHU e2 
<Unassgned> 
NORTH 
I2 
SO Leave 
<Unassigned> 
(Inserted NCS] 
(Sick/Annual] 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
Tuesday July 23, 2019 
Pegs • 
Relieving Office?. 
Rot 
Previous Status 
Shit Changed By 
3 
OFF 
JD 7/23 07:18 
ATTY CONF 
RW 7/23 0827 
Day Off 
Y RW 7/23 08 28 
a
OT/CT Stitt End 
OT 
JD 7/23 08:31 
Pick / Annual] 
JD 7/73 08:31 
(SWAP] 
JD 7/23 08:47 
CAPTAIN SEC 
Y RW 7/23 0907 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
KS 72309:25 
Staff 
OT/CT Stan End 
$ 
CT 
IF TRAINING 
JO 7/23 09:35 
JD 7/23 09:36 
Day Off 
Y JO 7/23 09:52 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
CT 
08:00 08:45 
S 
(Sick / Annual] 
OPS LT 
Staff 
RW 7/23 0958 
RW 7/23 Ot 58 
Y JD 7/23 09:58 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
08:00 10:30 
KS 7/23 10:19 
RW 7/23 10:32 
RW 7/2310:32 
JO 7/23 10:46 
Staff 
OT/CT Stan End 
07:30 15:30 
JD 7/23 10A6 
SIW H 
OT/CT Start End 
S 
07:30 15:30 
RW 72311:21 
(SO / Annual] 
RW 7/23 11:21 
MR 7/23 11:37 
OT/CT Start End 
IT=
 S 
OT 
16:00 22:00 
MR 7/23 11:47 
(Sick / Annual] 
MR 72311:47 
JO 7/21 12:08 
JD 7/23 12:32 
(Sick / Annual] 
JD 7/23 12:32 
19/2020 10:38:50 AM 
SONY_00013459 
Page 14 
EFTA00009726
--- PAGE 15 ---
Tuesday July 23, 2019 
Page 7 
Relieved Officers 
Relieving Officers 
Rat 
Post 
Spit Suit Officer 
New Status 
Relieving Officer 
Previous Status 
Shit Changed By 
(sp)SHU PROPERTY 
[Time Change) 
JD 7/23 18.31 
Shift 
tan 
OTICT 
Start 
End 
SHU PROPERTY 
OT 
18.00 2000 
(sp)ESCORT OFF #1 
, Unassigned> 
ESCORT OFF 
V JD 7/24 07.30 
01(30 
Shift 
ESCORT OFF 111 
ESCORT OFF El 
OTICT Start 
End 
OT 
15:30 16:00 
07:30 15:30 
(p)ESCORT OFF IQ 
<1.1nassmned> 
ESCORT OFF 
Y JD 7/24 07:30 
#2(sp) 
ES 
OT/CT Start End 
ESCORT OFF #2 
OT 
15:30 18:00 
ESCORT OFF *2 
07:30 15:30 
Annual Leave 
Ccgrnptinet Used 
TD 8/5 0803 
AWOL 
LWOP 
KS 8/19 15.34 
LWOP 
$ 
AWOL 
KS 8/27 12:48 
AWOL 
LWOP 
KS 8/27 12:48 
AWOL 
$ 
LWOP 
CM W1602:55 
SO Leave 
LWOP 
CM 10/3009:17 
****RecapItulatIonn" 
Morning Watch 
AM Watch 
Day Watch 
PM Watch 
Evening Watch 
—Back Page Categories" 
Sick Leave 
Day Ott 
Annual Leave 
Comptime Used 
LWOP 
LWOP(M) 
AWOL 
SUSPENSION 
OFFICIAL TIME 
COP 
IF TRAINING 
TIME OFF AWARD 
Total Correctional Svcs. Staff: 106 
Non Correctional Svcs. Staff: 14 
Overtime Occurrences: 25 
Comptime Occurrences: 3 
Ops Li Evening Watch Signature: 
Captain's Signature: 
1912020 10 38 51 AM 
SDNY_00013460 
EFTA00009727
--- PAGE 16 ---
MCC NEW YORK 
NEW YORK, NY 
Daily Assignment Roster 
07:00 - 15:00 
Post 
Spilt Shift 2 00:00 -08:00 
06:00 - 14:00 
08:00 - 16:00 
Friday August 09. 2019 
Page 1 
12:00 • 20:00 
14:00 - 22:00 
16:00 - 00:00 
CAPTAIN 
CAPTAIN SEC 
OPS LT 
ACT LT 
06:00 14:00 
"121 
(NC) 
OT 
"10 
OT 16:00 22:00 
SHU LT 
"I <unassigned> 
SIS LT 
**6 <unassigned> 
SIS LT 02 
<unassigned> 
SIA 
<unassigned> 
SIS TECH DI 
<unassigned> 
PHONE MONITOR 
"8 <unassigned> 
SEC OFFICER 01 
<unassigned> 
SEC OFFICER 02 
a 
TOOL ROOM 
<unassigned> 
SEARCH OFFICER 
OFF 
"8 <unassigned> 
OFF 
LOBBY 
"10 
OT 
CONTROL 01 
^2 
OT 
CONTROL 02 
INTERNAL 
"18 
OT 
INTERNAL,* 
"2 
(3T%) 
ATTY CONF 
^8 
UNIT 2 
"8 
12•11 
(NC) 
UNIT 3 
"2 
NORTH 
-8= 
(NC) 08 00 12 00 
NORTH 
Y 
- 8 
(NC) 12.00 16:00 
SOUTH 
- 2 
"8 
OT(NC) 
NORTH 
"2 
OT 
"12 
OT(NC) 
SOUTH 
"12 
OT 
OT (NC) 
OT 
NORTH 
"2 
$ 
"8 
S 
121 
OT 
SHU R1 
"2 
^12 
OT 
OT(NC) 
SHU 02 
"2 
OT (NC) 
SHU 
SHU #4 
"8 
^12 <unassigned> 
06.00 14:00 
19/2020 10 39 17 AM 
SDNY_00013461 
>age le 
EFTA00009728
--- PAGE 17 ---
SOUTH #1 
^2 
OT 
"8 
OT 
Frkity August 09, 2019 
Pogo 2 
SOUTH #2 
<unassigned> 
REC OFFICER #1 
<unassigned> 
REC OFFICER 042 
"3 <unassigned> 
NORTH 
"2 
"8 
"12 
OT 
OT 
SOUTH 
„ a
12(1.
OT 
OT 
SOUTH 112 
"12 
REAR GATE 
B 
OSP #1 
SANITATION OFF 
$ 
"12 
$ 
^2 <unassigned> 
VISIT at 
VISIT *2 
—9 
OT 14:00 20:00 
VISIT #3 
""Special Assignmentsan 
PHONE RM 
PHONE RM 2 
"8 <unassigned> 
EPO OFFICE 
07:00 15:00 
LOBBY #2 
ESCORT OFF #1 
"8 
06.30 14:30 
ESCORT OFF #2 
"8 
08:30 14:30 
TNWI3VR 
ESCORT OFF II3 
TREATY LT 
"2 
00: 
04:00 
^10 
OT 15:00 22:30 
TREATY 1 
"10 
OT 18:00 22:30 
TREATY 2 
"10 
DRY CELL 
"12 
OT 18:00 0000 
TREAT S1 
"2 
OT IMMO 
••••Back Par Categorlesn" 
DAY OFF 
(NC) 
(NC) 
(NC) 
(NC) 
$ 
$ 
1912020 10:39:19 AM 
SONY_00013462 
Page 17 
EFTA00009729
--- PAGE 18 ---
Friday August 09, 2019 
Page 3 
WOK LEAVE 
• 
ANNUAL LEAVE 
r 
04:00 08 .00 
$ 
LWOP 
$ 
LWOP(M) 
AWOL 
al 
Mr 
r 
SUSPENSION 
OFFICIAL TIME 
COP 
IF TRAINING 
""Change Records"" 
Post 
Spit Shft Officer 
Relieved Officer's 
New Status 
Relieving Officer 
Relieving Office?. 
Previous Status 
Ret 
Stilt Changed By 
LOBBY 
<Unassigned> 
PHONE RM 2(sp) 
KS 728 13:49 
(sp)PHONE RM 2 
<Unassigned> 
PHONE RM 3(sp) 
KS 7/28 13.49 
SHU 01 
COP 
<Unassigned> 
KS 8/4 09 39 
Day Off 
[Sick / Annual) 
KS 8/4 11 56 
(Side / Annual) 
[Removed) 
KS 8/4 12.00 
MILITARY LEAVE 
SHU 01 
KS 8/4 12:51 
SHU el 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
KS 814 1252 
SOUTH 
COP 
<Unassigned> 
KS 8/4 12:54 
[Inserted NCS) 
(Sick/Annual] 
RW 8/5 08:33 
SHU 02 
<Unassigned> 
[Sick / Annual) 
FM/ 8/5 08.34 
INTERNAL 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
INTERNAL 
UNIT 3 
UNIT 3 
Staff 
Y RW 8/5 08 .42 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
OSP el 
ff
Y RW 8/5 08 58 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
SOUTH 
OSP 01 
pnsurksl NCB) 
[Sick/Annual] 
RW 8/5 09:09 
INTERNAL 12 
<Unassigned> 
[Sic* / Annual) 
RW 8/5 0909 
1W2020 t0:3021 AM 
SDNV_00013463 
Page 1E 
EFTA00009730
--- PAGE 19 ---
Friday August 09, 2019 
Page 4 
Post 
Spit Shft Officer 
Relieved Officers 
New Status 
SOUTH 
-Unassrgnec> 
[Inserted NCS) 
(Sick/Annual] 
SHU 01 
<UnassEgned,
[Inserted NCS) 
[Sick/Annual) 
SHU 14 
<Unassigned> 
SHU *4 
lime Change] 
SOUTH 01 
<Unassigned> 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
(sp)ESCORT OFF 02 
<Unassigned> 
SOUTH 01 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual) 
[Removed) 
(W)ESCORT OFF #2 
[Sick / Annual) 
(sp)ESCORT OFF 02 
<Unassigned> 
OFF 
<Unassigned> 
CONTROL 112 
<Unasstaned> 
SHU 03 
<Unassigned> 
ACT LT 
C 
Sick Leave 
[Inserted) 
[Sick/Annual) 
[Inserted! 
(Sick/Annual] 
[Inserted) 
[Sick/Annual) 
[Inserted] 
!Sick/Annual] 
[Sick / Annual) 
IF TRAINING 
[Sick / Annual) 
IF TRAINING 
[Sick / Annual] 
IF TRAINING 
[Sick / Annual) 
IF TRAINING 
[Inserted NCS) 
[Sick/Annual) 
SOUTH 
<UnassIgned> 
SANITATION OFF 
Annual Leave 
SOUTH 
[Sick / Annual) 
[Sick / Annual] 
(Removed) 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
Relieving Officers 
Ret 
Relieving Officer 
Previous Status 
Shft Changed By 
Shift 
SOUTH 
SHU #1 
SHU 01 
Staff 
Y RW 8'5 09 40 
OT/CT Start 
End 
OT 
RW 8/5 09:53 
[Sick / Annual) 
RW 8/5 09:53 
RW 8/5 09:53 
(Sick / Annual] 
RW 8/5 09:53 
Shift 
SHU 04 
Staff 
$ 
RW 86 09.54 
OT/CT Start 
End 
CT 
Shift 
SOUTH 01 
ATTY CONF 
ATrY CONF 
Staff 
FtW 8/5 09 59 
OT/CT Start 
End 
OT 
Shift 
SOUTH 
NORTH 
Shift 
ESCORT OFF 02 
UNIT 2 
9 NORTH 
Staff 
Y RW 8/5 1822 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
UNIT 2 
Shift 
Staff 
to SOUTH 01 
UNIT 2 
Y RW 8/5 11:02 
OT/CT Start 
End 
OT 
1. JO 8/606:48 
OT/CT Start 
End 
CIT 
JD 8/6 06:48 
<Unassigned> 
JD 8/6 0648 
Annual Leave 
JD 8/6 06.50 
PHONE MONITOR 
JO 8/607:07 
LOBBY 
RW 8/810:07 
SHU #2
RW 8/811:40 
<Unassigned> 
KS 8/6 14:12 
KS 8/6 14:29 
KS 8/6 14:29 
KS Be 14:29 
KS 8/6 14:29 
KS 8/6 14:32 
KS 8/6 14:32 
KS 8/6 14:32 
KS 8/6 14:33 
SJ 8/6 20:12 
[Sick / Annual] 
SJ 8l6 20:12 
<Unassigned> 
RW 6/707:52 
<Unassigned> 
RW 8/708:27 
RW 
08:27 
7 NORTH 
RW 8/7 08:27 
19/2020 10:39:21 AM 
SONY 00013464 
Page 15 
EFTA00009731
--- PAGE 20 ---
Friday August 09, 2019 
Pap 
Poet 
SM Officer 
Relieved Officers 
New Status 
Relieving Officers 
Rat 
Relieving Officer 
Previous Status 
Stilt Changed By 
Y RW 8/7 08:27 
taff 
OTICT Start End 
OT 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
NORTH 
OSP 01 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
NORTH 
INTERNAL 
LOBBY 
<Unassigned> 
VISIT 92 
<Unassigned> 
CAPTAIN SEC 
[Time Mangy 
(sp)TNWDVR 
<Unassrgned> 
(sp)EPO OFFICE 
<Unassigned> 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
ACT LT 
<Unassigned> 
SHU Cl 
<Unassigned> 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
[inserted NCS] 
[Sick/Annual] 
UNIT 2 
<Unassigned> 
CONTROLS/1 
Sick Leave 
CONTROL Cl 
<Unassigned> 
SHU 04 
(Sick Annual) 
[SO 1 Annual] 
(Removed] 
[Inserted NCS] 
(Sick/Annual] 
SHU e4 
<Unassigned> 
[Inserted NCSJ 
[Sick/Annual] 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
LOBBY 
Annual Leave 
OSP 01 
INTERNAL 
Staff 
Annual Leave 
Staff 
V FtW 8/7 19.06 
OTICT Start End 
OT 
Y RW 8/7 10:24 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
CAPTAIN SEC 
Shit 
Staff 
VISIT 12 
CAPTAIN SEC 
Y RW 8/7 10:27 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
14:00 20:00 
Shift 
CAPTAIN SEC 
Shift 
TNWDVR 
EPO OFFICE 
RW 8/7 10:28 
OT/CT Start End 
08:00 14:00 
EPO OFFICE(sp) 
West, R 
EPO OFFICE(sp) 
FtW 8/7 10:29 
Y RW1117 10:29 
OT/CT Start End 
14120 
08:00 
Shift 
NORTH 
NORTH 
11 NORTH 
Staff 
Shift 
ACT LT 
Day Off 
Y RW 8/711:37 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
Day Off 
Y JD 8/7 13:36 
Staff 
OT/CT Stan End 
OT 
Shift 
SHU /$1 
OSP St1 
OSP 91 
Y RW 8/8 07:12 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
UNIT 2 
JO 8/8 08:58 
[Sick / Annual] 
JD 8/8 08:58 
JO 8/8 08:56 
<Unassigned> 
FtW 8/8 12:33 
Shift 
CONTROL #1 
Annual Leave 
Annual Leave 
Staff 
Y RW 8/812:37 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
<Unassigned> 
JD 8/813:38 
JD 8/8 13:36 
JD 8/8 13:41 
[Sick Annual) 
JD 8/8 13:41 
DM 81815:34 
[Sick / Annual) 
DM 8/8 15:34 
7 SOUTH 
MC 8/8 15:50 
19/2020 10:39:21 AM 
SONT_00013465 
Page 2C 
EFTA00009732
--- PAGE 21 ---
Post 
Relieved Office?, 
Spit SMt Officer 
New Status 
Relieving Officer 
Friday August 09, 2019 
Page 6
Ftshaving °Meats 
Rat 
Previous Status 
Stiff Changed By 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
11 NORTH 
Y 
fall 
DM 8/8 15:54 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
SOUTH 
II NORTH 
SHU 02 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SHU n 
II SOUTH 02 
11 SOUTH 02 
Y 
Staff 
OM 8/8 17:59 
OTICT • Start 
OT 
End 
(SO Annuag 
(Removed) 
MC 8/8 18:08 
INTERNAL 02 
(Sick / Annual) 
<Unassigned> 
MC 8/8 18:08 
OFF 
Sid( Leave 
<Unassigned> 
MC 8/8 18:23 
SHU t1 
(Sick / Annual) 
<Unassigned> 
DM 8/81902 
Mick Annual) 
(Removed) 
DM en 19:02 
[Inserted RCS] 
(SiddAnnuali 
DM 8/8 19:02 
INTERNAL Ir2 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick! Annual) 
DM 8/81902 
SHU 01 
<Unassigned> 
9 NORTH 
Staff 
Y DM 8/8 19:04 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
SMft 
SHU 
NORTH 
SHU I/2 
(Sick / Annual) 
<Unassigned> 
CP 8/9 08:53 
(Sidi / Annual) 
[Removed) 
CP 8/9 06:53 
SHU 02 
<Unassigned> 
11 NORTH 
CP 8/9 06:54 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
NORTH 
SOUTH In 
11 SOUTH 02 
Y 
Staff 
CP 8/9 06:55 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
SHU 04 
<Unassigned> 
REC OFFICER #2 
CP 8/9 08:55 
SHU IN 
rime Change) 
Shift 
SHU 04 
CP 8/9 08:55 
OT/CT Start 
08.00 
End 
14:00 
NORTH 
Sid( Leave 
<Unassigned> 
CP 8/9 07:15 
(sp)ESCORT OFF 01 
rime Change) 
Shift 
ESCORT OFF 01 
Staff 
JD 8/9 07:15 
OT/CT Start 
06:30 
End 
14:30 
(p)ESCORT OFF 02 
(Time Change) 
Shift 
ESCORT OFF 02 
Staff 
JO 8/9 07:15 
OT/CT Start 
08:30 
End 
14:30 
(sMESCORT OFF #3 
<Unassigned> 
CONTROL 02 
JO 8/9 07:18 
CONTROL 02 
<Unassigned> 
PHONE RM 2(sp) 
JO 6/9 07:18 
(Inserted RCS) 
isichuhfintsan 
CP 8/9 07:48 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual) 
CP 8/9 07:48 
SHU LT 
Sick Love 
<Unassigned> 
CP 6/907:50 
(sp)TNWDVR 
[Sick / Annual) 
<Unassigned> 
RW 8/9 08:03 
[Sick / Annual] 
(Removed] 
RW 8/9 08:03 
(sp)TNWDVR 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
TNWDVR 
SHU 03 
SHU 03 
Staff 
Y RW 8/9 08:03 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
14:00 
End 
SIS LT 
Annual term 
<Unassigned> 
JO 8/9 06:53 
19/2020 10:39:22 NA 
SONY_00013466 
Page 21 
EFTA00009733
--- PAGE 22 ---
Post 
Spit Shft Officer 
Relieved Officer's 
New Status 
Relieving Officer 
Relieving Officers 
Previous Status 
Friday August 09, 2019 
Page 7
Ret 
Shft Changed By 
OPS LT 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
CP 8/9 08:58 
OPS LT 
<Unassigned> 
ACT LT 
CP 8/9 08:58 
ACT LT 
<Unassigned> 
ATTY CONF 
V CP 8/9 08:59 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
ACT LT 
ATTY CONF 
NORTH 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
RW 8/9 09:05 
[Inserted NCS] 
[Sick/Annual] 
RW 8/9 09 08 
ACT LT 
[Time Change] 
Shift 
ACT LT 
ff
CP 8/9 09:09 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
16.00 
End 
22:00 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual] 
RW 8/9 09:09 
(sp)TREATY LT 
<Unassigned> 
EPO OFFICE(sp) 
V RW 8/9 09:47 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
15:00 
07:00 
End 
1500 
Shift
Staff 
TREATY LT 
EPO OFFICE 
(sp)TREATY 1 
<Unassigned> 
$ 
OFF 
Y RW 8/9 09:47 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
TREATY 1 
OFF 
(sp)TREATY 1 
[Time Change] 
Shift 
TREATY 1 
S 
RW 8/9 09 48 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
16:00 
End 
(Inserted
[Sick/Annual] 
RW 8/9 09:57 
(sp)TREATY 2 
<Unassigned> 
[Sick / Annual] 
RW 8/9 09.57 
SHU HI 
(Sick / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
CP 8/9 10:59 
[Sick Annual] 
[Removed] 
CP 8/9 10:59 
[Inserted NCS] 
[Sick/Annual] 
CPEU911:12 
SHU 01 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual] 
CP 8/9 11:13 
[Inserted NCS] 
[Sick/Annual] 
CP 8/9 11'.32 
SOUTH 
Sick Leave 
(Sick / Annual] 
CP 8/9 11:32 
SHU 04 
[Sick / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
CP 8/9 13:40 
[Sick I Annual] 
[Removed] 
CP 8/9 13:40 
(sp)DRY CELL 
<Unassigned> 
11 SOUTH 
Staff 
Y MC 8/9 14:41 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
16:00 
End 
00:00 
Shift 
DRY CELL 
SOUTH 
(sp)TREATY LT 
[Time Change] 
Shift 
TREATY LT 
Staff 
RW 8/9 22:45 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
15:00 
End 
22:30 
(sp)TREATY 1 
S 
[Time Change] 
Shift 
TREATY 1 
S 
RW 8/9 22:45 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
16:00 
End 
22:30 
(sp)TREATY 2 
[Time Change] 
Shift 
TREATY 2 
Staff 
RW 8/9 22:45 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
07:30 
End 
22:30 
(sp)TREATY LT 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
TREATY LT 
Day Off 
Day Off 
Staff 
Y 1O 8/10 21:02 
OT/CT Start 
CT 
00.00 
End 
03:00 
19/2020 10 39 22 AM 
SDNY_00013467 
Page 22 
EFTA00009734
--- PAGE 23 ---
Post 
Spit Stiff Officer 
Relieved Officers 
New Status 
Relieving Officer 
Relieving Officer's 
Previous Status 
Friday August 09, 2019 
Page 8 
Ret 
Stilt Changed By 
(sp)TREATY LT 
(Sick / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
TO 8/10 21:04 
[Sick / Annual] 
(Removed) 
m 8110 21:04 
(sp)TREATY LT 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
TREATY LT 
Annual Leave 
Annual Leave 
ff
Y ID 8/10 21:05 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
00:00 
End 
03:00 
(Inserted NCS] 
$ 
(Sid/Annual] 
ID 8/1021:05 
(sp)TREATY*4 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual] 
TD 8/10 21:05 
(sp)TREATYS4 
(Time Change) 
Shift 
TREATYS4 
Staff 
ID 8/10 21:08 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
00:00 
End 
04:00 
(sp)TREATY LT 
(Time Change) 
Shift 
TREATY LT 
Staff 
ID 8/10 21:06 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
00:00 
End 
04:00 
(Inserted NCS] 
[Sick/Annual] 
KS 8/13 08:53 
NORTH 
Y 
[Sick / Annual] 
[Sick / Annual] 
Staff 
KS 8/13 08:53 
OT/CT 
Start 
08:00 
End 
12:00 
Shift 
(Sick I Annual) 
S NORTH 
NORTH 
(Time Change) 
Shift 
NORTH 
Staff 
KS 8/13 08:54 
OT/CT Start 
12:00 
End 
16:00 
(Sick / Annual] 
[Removed] 
JO 8/14 06:35 
AWOL 
LWOP 
KS 8/19 15:38 
(Sick / Annual) 
[Removed] 
ID 8/19 16:53 
(sp)TREATY LT 
(Sick / Annual] 
<UnassIgned> 
ID 8/19 16:53 
(sp)TREATY LT 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
TREATY LT 
Annual Leave 
Annual Leave 
Staff 
Y TO 8/19 16:53 
OT/CT Start 
00:00 
04:00 
End 
04:00 
08:00 
(sp)TNWDVR 
S 
(Time Change] 
Shift 
TNWDVR 
Staff 
$ 
KS 8/21 10:41 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
14:00 
End 
22:00 
AWOL 
LWOP 
KS 8/22 14:27 
AWOL 
LWOP 
KS 8/27 12:49 
AWOL 
LWOP 
CM 9/16 02:23 
LWOP 
AWOL 
CM 9/16 02:58 
""Recapitulation"" 
Morning Watch 
AM Watch 
Day Watch 
PM Watch 
Evening Watch 
^Back Page Categories—
Day Off 
Sick Leave 
Annual Leave 
LWOP 
LWOP(M) 
AWOL 
SUSPENSION 
OFFICIAL TIME 
19/2020 10 39 23 AM 
SDNY_00013468 
EFTA00009735
--- PAGE 24 ---
Friday August 09. 2019 
Page 9 
COP 
IF TRAINING 
Total Correctional Svcs. Staff: 110 
Non Correctional Svcs. Staff: 16 
Overtime Occurrences: 29 
Comptime Occurrences: 0 
Ops Lt. Evening Watch Signature: 
Captain's Signature: 
1912020 10 39 23 AM 
SDNY_00013469 
Page 24 
EFTA00009736
--- PAGE 25 ---
MCC NEW YORK 
NEW YORK, NY 
Daily Assignment Roster 
07:00. 16:00 
12:00 - 20:00 
Post 
Split Shift 2 00:00 - 08:00 
06:00 - 14:00 
08:00 - 18:00 
Saturday August 10, 2019 
Page I 
14:00 - 22:00 
16:00 - 00:00 
OPS LT 
—12 
ACT LT 
—3 
(NC) 
—I ea 
OT 
SKI LT 
<unassigned> 
SIS TECH II 
<unassigned> 
PHONE MONITOR 
^8 <unassigned> 
SEARCH OFFICER 
"I3 <unassigned> 
LOBBY 
—3 <unassigned> 
CONTROL 91 
"2 
OT 
12■ 
(NC) 
CONTROL 92 
OT 
(NC) 
INTERNAL 
"2 
OT (NC) 
"12 
OT 
INTERNAL 92 
"2 
OT 
ATTY CONE 
—8 <unassigned> 
—12 <unassigned> 
UNIT 2 
UNIT 3 
"2 
NORTH 
^2 
SOUTH 
"2 
NORTH 
(NC) 
^8 
OT 
OT (NC) 
efr2 
OT 
—8 
OT 
OT 
"12 
OT (NC) 
—12 
OT (NC) 
"12 
OT 
SOUTH 
^8 
—12 
OT (NC) 
OT (NC) 
t4ORTH 
-a 
OT 
^12 
SHU 91 
- 2 
OT 
"8 
"12 
OT 
SNU 
^2 
OT (NC) 
"12 
OT 
SHU 93 
OT 08.00 16:00 
SHU 94 
-8 
OT (NC) 
"12 
SOUTH 91 
^2 
"12 
OT 
SOUTH 92 
NORTH 
SOUTH 
OT 
^3 
OT (NC) 08.00 14:00 
<unassigned> 
"8 
^12 
OT 
SOUTH 92 
"12 
OT 
OSP 91 
^2 
—8 
S 
—12 
OT 
SANITATION OFF 
<unassigned> 
VISIT DI 
—8 <unassigned> 
—8 <unassigned> 
"8 <unassigned> 
VISIT 92 
VISIT 93 
19/202010.39:48 AM 
SDNY_00013470 
EFTA00009737
--- PAGE 26 ---
'Special Assignments' 
Saturday August 10, 2019 
Page 2 
PHONE RM 
'11 <unassigned> 
STAFF SEARCH 
—10 <unassigned> 
LOBBY 112 
-a 
OT (NC) 
DRY CELL 
OT 
s'13 
ESCORT 111 
' 18 
OT 
ESCORT In 
-a 
CST 
OT10.30 17:30 
EMERGENCY 
- 10 
OT( 
00 
SIS LT 
- 12 
CT 1 
CT 08.00 18.00 
ESCORT 03 
**8 
OT 08.00 10:00 
CAPTAIN 
CT 08.00 21:00 
CST 02 
OT (NC) 10:3018:30 
CST. 
—a 
CT Mo 
18:30 
""Back Fag* Categoriess".
DAY OFF 
Mi 
• 
W 
(NC) 
a • 
i 
Els 
(NC) 
SICK LEAVE 
ANNUAL LEAVE 
19/2020 10:39:49 AM 
SONV_00013471 
EFTA00009738
--- PAGE 27 ---
Saturday August 10, 2019 
Page 3
LWOP 
COP 
""Change Records"" 
Post 
son Shft Officer 
Relieved Officers 
New Status 
Relieving Officer 
Relieving Officers 
Previous Status 
Ret 
Shft Changed By 
on LT 
<Unassigned> 
Annual Leave 
SJ nao 20:22 
OPS LT 
Assignment Swap 
OPS LT 12 
[SWAP) 
SJ 7/30 20:22 
SOUTH 12 
[Sick / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
KS 8/4 11.56 
[Sick / Annual] 
[Removed] 
KS 8/4 12:00 
NORTH 
Annual Leave 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/4 12:25 
(Inserted NCS) 
(Sick/Annual] 
RW 8/5 08:34 
SHU #2 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual] 
RW 8/5 08:34 
(Inserted RCS) 
(SicklAnnual] 
RW 815 08.35 
INTERNAL 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual] 
RW 8/508:36 
SHU #3 
<Unassigned> 
UNIT 3 
Staff 
V RW &5 08:43 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
08:00 
End 
14:00 
Shift 
SHU 1/3 
UNIT 3 
CONTROL #2 
<Unassigned> 
Day Off 
Staff 
Y RW 8/5 08.45 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
CONTROL 02 
Day Off 
VISIT 03 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
VISIT #3 
SOUTH I/1 
10 SOUTH a1 
Staff 
Y RW tV5 08:46 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SOUTH 
OSP Si 
OSP 01 
Staff 
Y RW 8/5 08.58 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
(Inserted NCS) 
[Sick/Annual) 
RW 8/5 09:38 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual] 
RW 8/509.38 
(Inserted NCS) 
[SO/Annual] 
RW 8/50916 
CONTROL 111 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual] 
RW 8/5 09:56 
INTERNAL #2 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
INTERNAL #2 
Day Off 
Day Off 
Staff 
V RW 8/5 12:48 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
(Inserted RCS) 
[Sick/Annuafl 
RW 8/5 12:53 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
[Sick / Annual] 
RW 8/5 12:53 
SOUTH $1 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SOUTH #1 
VISIT #1 
MIT 01 
Staff 
Y RW 6/6 12:30 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
ACT LT 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
KS IS/6 14:12 
19/2020 10 39 50 AM 
SDNY_00013472 
Page 2' 
EFTA00009739
--- PAGE 28 ---
Post 
Spit Shft Officer 
Relieved Officers 
New Status 
Relieving Officer 
Relishing Officers 
Previous Status 
Saturday August 10, 2019 
Pap 4 
Rat 
Shft Changed By 
presorted] 
(SicidAnnual) 
KS 8/6 1429 
(inserted] 
(Sick/Annual] 
KS 84 14:29 
[Inserted] 
[Slck/Annuall 
KS 8/6 14:29 
(Inserted) 
(Skit/Annual] 
KS 8/6 14:29 
(Sick / Annual] 
Day Off 
KS 8/6 14:32 
[Sick / Annual) 
Day Off 
KS 8/6 14:32 
(Sick / Annual] 
Day Off 
KS 8/6 14:32 
(Sidi / Annual] 
Day Off 
KS 8/6 14:33 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
11 SOUTH 
SJ 8/619:27 
NORTH 
Annual Leave 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/619:27 
ACT LT 
<Unasslped> 
ACT LT 
SJ 8/6 19:29 
ACT LT 
<Unassigned> 
OPS LT 
Staff 
■ 
V SJ 8/6 19:30 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
ACT LT 
OPS LT 
[Inserted RCS) 
(Sick/Annual) 
SJ 8/6 2014 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
[Sidi / Annual] 
SJ 8/6 20:14 
(Inserted PECS] 
[SidVAnnual] 
SJ tV6 20 15 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual) 
SJ 8/6 20:15 
SOUTH 
(Sidi / Annual] 
cUnassrined> 
RW 8/7 08:30 
(Sick / Annual) 
(Removed] 
RW 8/7 08:30 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
7 NORTH 
RW 8/7 06:31 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
OSP 01 
Staff 
Y RW 6/7 08:31 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
NORTH 
OSP a7 
(iissertet1--
IMIO
NCS) 
(SidVAnnual) 
RW 8/7 08:36 
VISIT 62 
<Unassigned> 
(Sidi / Annual] 
RW 8/7 08:36 
SHU 12 
<Unassigned> 
INTERNAL 
S 
Y RW 8/7 10:07 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
SHU 
INTERNAL 
INTERNAL 02 
(Sick / Annual) 
<Unassigned> 
RW 6/7 10:26 
/Annual] 
(Removed] 
RW 8/7 10:26 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
Day Off 
Staff 
RW tV7 12:01 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
NORTH 
Day Off 
[Inserted RCS] 
a 
iSiddAnnuari 
GA 8/8 02:36 
SHU 01 
<Unassigned> 
[Sick / Annual) 
GA8/8 02:36 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
5 NORTH 
Staff 
FtW WS 07:15 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
SOUTH 
NORTH 
INTERNAL 
Annual Leave 
<Unassigned. 
RW 84 11:52 
19/202010:39:50 AM 
SONY_00013473 
Page 2 
EFTA00009740
--- PAGE 29 ---
Past 
Spit Shft Officer 
Relieved Officer's 
New Status 
Relieving Officer 
Relieving Officer's 
Previous Status 
Saturday August 10, 2019 
Page 5 
Rot 
Shit Changed By 
INTERNAL IR 
<Unassigned> 
UNIT 2 
Staff 
Y JD 8/9 10 22 
OT/CT 
Stan 
OT 
End 
Shift 
INTERNAL #2 
UNIT 2 
OSP It 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
CP 819 11 00 
(sp)DRY CELL 
<Unassigned> 
811 NORTH 
if
Y MC 8/9 16 39 
0T/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
DRY CELL 
NORTH 
OSP 01 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
OSP 01 
ATTY CONF 
ATTY CONE 
Staff 
Y MC 6/9 16.59 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
SHU Ii1 
<Unassigned> 
SHU #1 
Staff 
Y MC 8/9 17 19 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
SHU S1 
SHU at 
SOUTH 
(Skit I Annual) 
<Unassigned> 
MC 8/9 18:05 
(Sick /Amua8 
(Removed] 
MC 8/9 18:05 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SOUTH 
NORTH 
9 NORTH 
Staff 
If MC 8/9 18:29 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
(sp)LOBBY 
Silt Lean 
<Unassigned> 
GA 8/9 22:06 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
SOUTH 
NORTH 
11 NORTH 
Staff 
Y GA 8/9 22:09 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
(Inserted NCS) 
Mick/Amuse 
GA 8/9 22:28 
(sp)LOBBY 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual) 
GA 6/9 22:28 
LOBBY 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
GA 8/9 22:37 
LOBBY 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
GA 8/9 23:18 
(sp)PHONE RM 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
GA 8/9 23:46 
SEARCH OFFICER 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
GA 6/1004:54 
CONTROL et 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
GA 8/10 04:54 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
SOUTH 
Staff 
Y GA fu10 04:59 
OT/CT Start 
OT 
End 
Shift 
NORTH 
SOUTH 
OSP IM 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
GA 8/10 05:05 
Sick Leave 
Annual Leave 
GA 6/10 05:06 
SOUTH 
<Unassyned> 
NORTH 
SJ 8/10 05:32 
OSP 11 
<Unassgned> 
PHONE MONITOR 
SJ 8/10 05.53 
LOBBY 
<Unassigned> 
STAFF 
SEARCH(sp) 
SJ 8/10 05:57 
(sp)ORY CELL 
<Unassigned> 
11 SOUTH 
SJ 8/10 06:01 
SOUTH 
<Unasstgned> 
DRY CELL(sp) 
SJ 8/10 06:02 
isp)DRY CELL 
<Unassigned> 
5 NORTH 
SJ 8110 06:02 
19/2020 10 39 51 AM 
SDNY_00013474 
Page 2 
EFTA00009741
--- PAGE 30 ---
Saturday August 10, 2019 
Papa 6
Post 
Set Shit Officer 
Relieved Meets 
New Status 
Relaying often 
Rot 
Relieving Officer 
Previous Status 
Shit Changed By 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
NORTH 
NORTH 
5 NORTH 
Staff 
Y S18/1006:04 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
SOUTH 
/ Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/10 06:04 
(Sick / Annual] 
(Removed) 
SJ 8/10 06:04 
LOBBY 
<Unassigned> 
SHU 
[Sick / Annual] 
CONTROL 112 
fl
Shift 
LOBBY 
Day Oft 
Day Off 
Staff 
Y SJ 6/10 08:07 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
ISO / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/10 06:17 
!Removed] 
SJ 8/10 06:17 
(Skh / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/10 06:18 
ISO / Annual] 
[Removed] 
SJ 8/10 06:18 
SHU OS 
<Unassigned> 
[Tine Change] 
Shift 
SHU 03 
Staff 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 6/10 06:18 
OT/CT Start End 
SEARCH OFFICER 
<Unassigned> 
UNIT 2 
SJ 8/10 0620 
UNIT 2 
<Unassogned> 
Shift 
UNIT 2 
NORTH 
5 NORTH 
Staff 
SJ 8/1006:20 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
NORTH 
[Sick / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/10 06:20 
pick / Annual] 
(Removed) 
Si 8/10 06:20 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
SEARCH OFFICER 
Si 8/10 08:23 
CONTROL II 
<Unassogned> 
UNIT 3 
SJ 8/10 08:27 
UNIT 3 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
UNIT 3 
UNIT 3 
UNfT 3 
Y SJ 8/10 06:27 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
ACT LT 
[Si* / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/10 06:44 
Mich / Moue] 
[Remover:II 
SJ d1008:44 
ACT LT 
<Unassigned> 
ACT LT 
<Unassigned> 
ACT LT 
ACT LT 
SJ 8/10 06:44 
Si 8/10 08:31 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
NORTH 
NORTH 
5 NORTH a 
Y SJ 8/10 10:2$ 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
UNIT 2 
(Mt / Annual, 
Mick / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
[Removed] 
SJ 8/10 10:29 
SJ 8/10 10:29 
tinseled NCS) 
UNIT 2 
[Sick/Annual] 
Si 8/10 10:29 
<Unassigned> 
Ma/ Annual] 
SJ 8/1010:29 
(s0)ESCORT at 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
ESCORT xi 
INTERNAL 
INTERNAL 
Staff 
Y SJ 8/10 10:31 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
(sp)ESCORT 82 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
ESCORT #2 
SHU #2 
SHU 
Staff 
Y SJ 8/10 10:31 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
19202010:39:51 AM 
SONY_00013475 
EFTA00009742
--- PAGE 31 ---
Saturday August 10. 2019 
Pails 7
Relieved Officers 
Relieving Officers 
Rot 
Post 
Spit SM antler 
New Status 
Relieving Officer 
Previous Status 
Shft Changed By 
[Inserted Nag 
(SW/Annual] 
SJ 8/10 10:32 
SHU 93 
<Unassigned> 
(Sick / Annual] 
SJ 8/10 10:32 
SHU 93 
[Time Change) 
SJ 8/10 10:33 
Shift 
ISM 
OT/CT Start End 
Still 63 
OT 
08:00 18:00 
Still SO 
S 
(Skit / Annual) 
<Unassigned> 
SJ SAO 10:33 
(SC / Annual] 
(Removed) 
SJ WIO 1033 
SHU 92 
<Unassigned> 
ATTY CONF 
SJ 8/10 1033 
SHU 94 
<Unassigned> 
UNIT 3 
Y SJ 8/10 10:34 
Shift 
S ff 
OT/CT Start End 
SHU 14 
OT 
UNIT 3 
CONTROL 02 
<Unassigned> 
Day Off 
V SJ 8/10 10:34 
Shift 
OT/CT Start 
End 
CONTROL 92 
OT 
Day Off 
LOBBY 
[Sid; I Annual) 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/10 10:34 
(Sick I Annual] 
(Removed] 
SJ 8/10 10:34 
INTERNAL 
[Sick / Annual) 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/10 10:35 
[Sick I Annual] 
(Removed) 
SJ 8/10 10:35 
[Inserted NCS) 
[Sick/Annual] 
Si 8/10 10:36 
INTERNAL 
<Unassigned> 
[Sick / Annual] 
SJ 8/10 10:37 
(Inserted NCS) 
[Sick/Annual) 
Si 8/10 10:37 
SOUTH IP2 
<Unassigned> 
[Sick / Annual] 
5.1 8110 10:38 
SOUTH e2 
[Tkne Change) 
SJ 6/10 10:38 
Shift 
Staff 
OT/CT Start 
End 
SOUTH 92 
OT 
08:00 14:00 
SHU el 
[SC / Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
Si 8/10 10:38 
[SC / Annual] 
[Removed] 
SJ 8/10 10:38 
SHU SI 
<Unassigned> 
VISIT 91 
SJ 8/10 1038 
UNIT 3 
(Sick Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/10 10:39 
[Sick / Annual] 
[Removed] 
SJ 8/10 10:39 
UNIT 3 
a 
<Unassigned> 
10 SOUTH 91 
Y SJ 8/1010:39 
Shift 
OT/CT Start End 
UNITS
OT 
SWIM 91 
VISIT 92 
[Sidi Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/10 10:40 
(Sick / Annual] 
[Removed] 
SJ 8/10 10:40 
VISIT 03 
[Sid;! Annual] 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/1010:40 
(Sick / Annual] 
(Removed] 
SJ 8/10 10:40 
SOUTH 
• 
Sid; Leave 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/10 10:41 
SHU 91 
Sick Leave 
<Unassigned> 
Si 8/10 10:41 
[Inserted NCS] 
[Sick/Annual] 
MC 8/10 12:20 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
(Sidi / Annual] 
MC 8/10 12:20 
INTERNAL 
<Unassigned> 
SHU 92 
Y MC8/10 12:51 
Shift 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
INTERNAL 
$ 
OT 
SHU 12 
S 
19/2020 10:39:51 AM 
SONV_00013476 
Pape 3 
EFTA00009743
--- PAGE 32 ---
Saturday August 10, 2019 
PPP 
Post 
*at stet Officer 
Relieved Officers 
New Status 
WRY CELL 
<Unassigned> 
SHU 01 
<Unassigned> 
SOUTH 
<Unassigned> 
SOUTH 02 
<Unasskined> 
ACT LT 
<Unassigned> 
(sP)ESCORT 62 
a 
[Sick / Annual] 
[Sick I Annual] 
[Removed] 
(sp)ESCORT 62 
<Unassigned> 
UNIT 2 
Sick Leave 
[Sick / Amusil 
[Removed] 
SHU 04 
[SI* / Annual] 
SHU 03 
[Sick / Annual] 
[Sick Annual) 
[Removed] 
[Inserted NCS] 
[Sick/Annual] 
SHU IM 
<Unassigned> 
SHU 
<Unassigned> 
(sp)CST 
<Unassigned> 
(sp)CST 
<Unassigned> 
Relieving Offices 
Ret 
Relieving Officer 
Previous Status 
Shft Changed By 
Shed 
DRY CELL. 
DRY CELL 
-,T$ 
Shift 
SHU 01 
CONTROL Si 
DRY CELL(sp) 
Y MC 8/10 13:03 
Std
OTICT Start End 
OT 
CONTROL 01 
 MC 8/10 13:04 
07/07 Start End 
10 SOUTH 01 
Shift
SbM
SOUTH 
SOUTH 01 
I' MC OHO 1315 
OT/CT Start End 
5 NORTH 
Shift 
Staff 
SOUTH 62 
NORTH 
 MC8/10 13:08 
07/CT Start End 
Shift 
ACT LT 
OPS LT 
80PS LT 
• 
MC 8/1013:07 
0T/CT Start End 
OT 
<Unassigned> 
SJ 8/10 13:36 
Shift 
UNIT 2 
UNIT 2 
SHU 02 
UNIT 2 
SJ 8/10 13:36 
SJ 8/10 13:38 
• 
SJ 8/10 13:39 
07/CT Start End 
MC 8/10 14:05 
<Unassigned> 
MC 8/10 14:05 
<Unassigned> 
MC 5/10 14:05 
MC 8/10 14:05 
MC 8/10 14:05 
[Sick / Annual] 
MC 8/10 14:08 
Shift 
SHU 03 
UNIT 3 
UNIT 3 
Y MC 8/10 14:08 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
08:00 18:00 
Shift 
CST 
Day Off 
S 
Day Off 
V S.1 8/10 14:18 
OT/CT Start End 
10:30 
Day Off 
Shift 
Staff 
CST 
Day Off 
(sp)EMERGENCY 
<Unassigned> 
Shift 
EMERGENCY 
ACT LT 
(sp)EMERGENCY 
[Time Change] 
Shift 
EMERGENCY 
Y SJ 8/1014:16 
OT/CT Start End 
10:30 
ACT L7 
`I MC 8/10 1424 
ff 
OT/CT Start End 
14:00 
MC 8/10 14:24 
07/CT Start 
End 
14:00 18.00 
Staff 
19/2020 10:39:52 AM 
SONY_00013477 
Page r 
EFTA00009744
--- PAGE 33 ---
Post 
Salt Shit Offlow 
Reiland Officals 
New Status 
SITU 02 
<Unassigned> 
SHU 94 
<Unassigned> 
NORTH 
<Unassigned> 
(p)DRY CELL 
(Sick / Annual) 
ISO / Annual) 
(Removed) 
(p)SIS LT 
<Unassigned> 
(p)SIS LT 
<Unassigned> 
PO= 
(Time Change) 
(p)ESCORT 
<Unassigned> 
(p)SIS LT 
(Time Change] 
(p)SIS LT 
(Time Change] 
066C•Iffiff 
<Unassigned> 
(sp)CaptaIn 
rime Change] 
(*NUMMI 
Day Off 
Saturday August 10, 2019 
Page 9 
Relieving Officers 
Rat 
Relieving Officer 
Previous Status 
Shit Changed By 
DRY CELL(sp) 
V SJ 8/10 15.52 
Shift 
OT/CT Start 
End 
SHUS2 
OT 
DRY CELL 
9 NORTH 
SJ 8/10 16:15 
AM CONF 
SJ 8/10 16:17 
<Unassigned> 
SJ eino len 
SJ 8/1016:22 
Shift 
SIS LT 
Day Off 
Shift 
SIS LT 
Day Off 
Day Off 
Y TO 8/10 20:53 
OT/CT Start 
End 
CT 
08:00 18:00 
Day Off 
Y TD 8/10 20:54 
OT/CT Start 
End 
CT 
16:00 22:00 
Shift 
CST 
Staff 
SJ 8/10 20:59 
OT/CT Start End 
OT 
10:30 17:30 
Sick Leave 
Y SJ 8/10 21:01 
Shlft 
Staff 
OT/CT Start 
End 
ESCORT 03 
OT 
08:00 10:00 
WO Leave 
Shift 
SIS LT 
TD 8/1021:19 
OT/CT Start 
End 
CT 
16:00 23:00 
TD 8/10 23:12 
Shift 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
SIS LT 
CT 
16:00 00:00 
Day Off 
V JO 8/12 18:42 
Shift 
OT/CT Start End 
Captain 
08:00 21:00 
Day Off 
111 
Shift 
Captain 
Staff 
JO 8/12 18:45 
OT/CT Start End 
<Unass nod> 
JD 8/1219:54 
(sp)CAPTAIN 
I 
<Unassigned> 
Day Off 
`I JO 8/12 19:57 
Shift 
Staff 
OT/CT Start 
End 
CAPTAIN 
CT 
08:00 21:00 
Day O6 
Sick Leave 
LWOP 
CM 922 06:15 
(Inaarlod Nc
iSitit/Annuall 
MC 10/21 07:45 
(p)CSTf2 
<Unassigned> 
(IIP)C•ST*2 
(Time Change] 
MC 10/21 07:45 
pick / Annual] 
MC 10/21 07:45 
Shift 
OSTI2 
Staff 
OT/CT Start 
End 
OT 
10:30 16:30 
(Iserted NCS) 
(89)CST. 
[SiddAnnualj 
<Unassigned> 
/ Annual] 
OA 11/10 12:15 
CM 11/1012:15 
(p)CST. 
[Time Change! 
CM 11/10 12:16 
Shift 
CST. 
Staff 
OT/CT Start End 
CT 
10:30 18:30 
19202010:3962 MI 
S0NY_00013478 
Page 33 
EFTA00009745
--- PAGE 34 ---
Saturday August 10, 2019 
Page 10 
""Recapitulation"" 
Morning Watch 
AM Watch 
Day Watch 
PM Watch 
Evening Watch 
—Back Page Categories" 
Day O11 
Sick Leave 
Annual Leave 
LWOP 
COP 
Total Correctional Svcs. Staff: 110 
Non Correctional Svcs. Staff: 16 
Overtime Occurrences: 16 
Compthne Occurrences: 4 
Ops Li Evening Watch Signature: 
Captain's Signature: 
19/2020 10:39.52 AM 
SDNY_00013479 
EFTA00009746


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009747.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009747.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 1 of 20 
Ye 
'UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
TOVA NOEL and 
MICHAEL THOMAS, 
Defendants. 
X 
INDICTMENT 
.096um 830 
INTRODUCTION 
1. 
On or about August 10, 2019, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL 
THOMAS, the defendants, in dereliction of their duties as 
correctional officers at the Metropolitan Correctional Center 
("MCC"), repeatedly failed to perform mandated counts of prisoners 
under their watch in the MCC's Special Housing Unit ("SHU"). 
Instead, for substantial portions of their shifts, NOEL and THOMAS 
sat at their desk, browsed the internet, and moved around the 
common area of the SHU. To conceal their failure to perform their 
duties, NOEL and THOMAS repeatedly signed false certifications 
attesting to having conducted multiple counts of inmates when, in 
truth and in fact, they never conducted such counts. As a result 
of those false statements, the MCC believed prisoners in the SHU 
were being regularly monitored and accounted for when, in fact, as 
a result of the defendants' conduct, no correctional officer 
conducted any count or round of the SHU from approximately 10:30 
EFTA00009747
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 2 of 20 
p.m. on August 9 until approximately 6:30 a.m. on August 10, at 
which time, as alleged herein, NOEL and THOMAS discovered the body 
of an MCC inmate, Jeffrey Epstein, who had committed suicide 
overnight while unobserved. 
RELEVANT INDIVIDUALS AND ENTITIES 
2. 
The MCC is a federal administrative detention 
facility located in Manhattan that is run by the Federal Bureau of 
Prisons ("BOP"). 
The MCC is one of several facilities used to 
house inmates who have been charged with federal crimes in the 
Southern District of New York and are awaiting trial. 
The MCC 
employs correctional officers, whose primary duty is to ensure the 
care, custody, and control of the inmate population of the MCC. 
3. 
TOVA NOEL, the defendant, has been employed as a 
correctional officer at the MCC since approximately 2016. As of 
August 2019, NOEL's primary assignment was the SHU. On August 9, 
2019, NOEL worked a regular shift from 4 p.m. to 12 a.m. in the 
SHU, and then worked an overtime shift from 12 a.m. to 8 a.m. on 
August 10, 2019, also in the SHU. NOEL had also worked a regular 
shift in the SHU the day before, August 8, 2019, from 12 p.m. to 
p.m. 
4. 
MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendant, has been employed as 
a correctional officer at the MCC since approximately 2007. 
Beginning in approximately 2013, THOMAS was assigned to work as a 
EFTA00009748
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1 19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 3 of 20 
materials handler supervisor, although THOMAS regularly worked 
overtime shifts as a correctional officer, including in the SHU. 
THOMAS worked an overtime shift in the SHU on August 10, 2019, 
from 12 a.m. to 8 a.m. THOMAS did not work his regular shift on 
August 8 or August 9, 2019, but did work an overtime shift in the 
SHU on August 9, 2019 from 12 a.m. to 8 a.m. 
5. As 
detailed 
herein, 
Jeffrey 
Epstein 
was 
incarcerated at the MCC between his arrest on July 6, 2019, and 
his suicide on August 10, 2019. 
Epstein was detained pending 
trial in the Southern District of New York on sex trafficking 
charges. 
THE MCC AND INSTITUTIONAL COUNTS 
6. The MCC, which houses approximately 750 inmates at 
any given time, assigns inmates to various housing units within 
the MCC. The SHU is a housing unit within the MCC where inmates 
are securely separated from the general inmate population to ensure 
their own safety as well as the safety of staff and other inmates. 
The SHU is located on the ninth floor of the MCC, and access to 
that floor is controlled by a locked door that can be opened 
remotely only by an officer in the MCC's centralized control center 
(the "Control Center"), which is located on the first floor of the 
MCC. Access into the SHU is also controlled by a second locked 
door to which only correctional officers assigned to the SHU have 
EFTA00009749
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1 19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 4 of 20 
keys while on duty. Within the SHU, inmates are assigned to six 
separate tiers, each of which can be accessed only via a single 
locked door to which the correctional officers assigned to the SHU 
have keys while on duty. Each tier has eight cells, each of which 
can house either one or two prisoners, and each individual cell - 
which is made of cement and metal - is accessed only through a 
single locked door, to which only correctional officers assigned 
to the SHU have keys while on duty. 
7. 
The BOP requires correctional officers assigned to 
guard inmates at the MCC to conduct institution-wide counts of 
inmates at regular, scheduled intervals to ensure that each inmate 
is alive and accounted for within the MCC (the "institutional 
count"). On weekdays, the MCC conducts five institutional countarb 
at 4 p.m., 10 p.m., 12 a.m., 3 a.m., and 5 a.m. 
Performing an 
institutional count is one of the most basic and essential aspects 
of a correctional officer's job, and the count is one of the most 
basic and essential functions of daily operation of the MCC. Two 
officers are required to perform the institutional count for each 
housing unit, including the SHU, and are further required to 
document their performance of the count 
called a count slip 
on an official MCC form 
To perform the institutional count in Lhe 
Silo, two officers must walk from tier to tier to observe and count 
each individual inmate. 
EFTA00009750
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 5 of 20 
8. On the count slip, both correctional officers are 
required to fill in the date and time the count was performed, 
write the total number of inmates physically present in the unit 
counted, and then sign the count slip. 
Once the correctional 
officers have completed and signed the count slips, the count slips 
are then collected and delivered to the Control Center, where 
officers within the Control Center are responsible for comparing 
the count slips from each housing unit to the institution's inmate 
roster to ensure that each inmate is accounted for. Only after 
all the count slips are collected from each housing unit, and the 
numbers on the slips are matched to the institution's inmate 
roster, can the institutional count be deemed "cleared" or 
completed. 
If a housing unit's count slip is incorrect or 
incomplete, then the institution cannot "clear" the count. 
Instead, the count must be completely redone in that housing unit 
via a more-intensive version of the institutional count called a 
"bed book count," in which officers must compare every individual 
inmate to the institution's inmate roster. 
Records of each 
institutional count, including the count slips, are provided to a 
supervising official and retained by the MCC. 
9. 
In addition to the institutional count, the BOP 
requires correctional officers assigned to the SHU to walk each of 
the tiers of the SHU - which is called a "round" - every thirty 
EFTA00009751
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 6 of 20 
minutes ("30-minute rounds"). 
Like the institutional counts, 
correctional officers conduct 30-minute rounds to ensure that each 
inmate is alive and accounted for within his cell. Correctional 
officers working in the SHU are required to complete a form, which 
is reviewed and signed by their supervisor, documenting the date 
and time of each 30-minute round in each tier of the SHU. 
EPSTEIN'S PRIOR APPARENT SUICIDE ATTEMPT 
10. On July 6, 2019, inmate Jeffrey Epstein was 
arrested and detained at the MCC on sex trafficking charges. On 
July 10, 2019, Epstein was assigned to the SHU due to, among other 
things, risk factors for suicidality and safety concerns relating 
to housing him with the MCC's general population. 
11. On July 23, 2019, while Epstein was housed in the 
SHU, MCC officers responded to an emergency call, and found Epstein 
on the floor of his cell with a strip of bedsheet around his neck. 
MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendant, was one of the MCC officers who 
responded to the incident. Epstein was subsequently transferred 
out of the SHU and was placed on suicide watch. 
Inmates placed 
on suicide watch are housed in a cell on the hospital wing floor 
of the MCC, and are watched twenty-four hours a day by a staff 
member or a specially trained inmate companion. 
12. Epstein remained on suicide watch for approximately 
twenty-four hours, and then was transferred to psychological 
EFTA00009752
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 7 of 20 
observation, until July 30, 2019. 
Psychological observation is 
less restrictive than suicide watch, but inmates are still housed 
in the hospital wing of the MCC and watched twenty-four hours a 
day. 
13. On July 30, 2019, Epstein was transferred back to 
the SHU, and, at the direction of the MCC's psychological staff, 
was required to have an assigned cellmate. 
Epstein was also 
assigned to the cell closest to the correctional officers' desk in 
the common area of the SHU, which was approximately fifteen feet 
from the cell. Conducting the required institutional counts and 
thirty-minute rounds in the SRO were also part of the MCC's 
procedures for ensuring the safety of inmates, including Epstein. 
EVENTS OF AUGUST 9-10, 2019 
14. On 
August 
9, 
2019, 
Epstein's 
cellmate 
was 
transferred out of the MCC in a routine, pre-arranged transfer at 
approximately 8 a.m. 
Despite the MCC's psychological staff's 
direction that Epstein have a cellmate, no new cellmat6 was 
assigned to Epstein's cell. 
15. TOVA NOEL, the defendant, was one of the assigned 
officers on duty in the SHU from 4 p.m. on August 9, 2019 to 8 
a.m. on August 10. 
From 4 p.m. to 12 a.m., two other officers 
were on duty with NOEL in the SHU: one officer was assigned to 
work from 2 p.m. to 10 p.m. ("Officer-1"), and one officer was 
EFTA00009753
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 8 of 20 
assigned to work from 4 p.m. to 12 a.m. ("Officer-2"). MICHAEL 
THOMAS, the defendant, started his shift in the SHU at 12 a.m. on 
August 10. From 12 a.m. until 8 a.m. on August 10, NOEL and THOMAS 
were the only two officers on duty in the SHU. 
16. During the time period from 4 p.m. on August 9 to 
a.m. on August 10, the officers on duty in the SHU, including 
TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, were responsible for 
conducting five institutional counts: 4 p.m. and 10 p.m. on August 
9; and 12 a.m., 3 a.m., and 5 a.m. on August 10. NOEL, THOMAS and 
the other officers on duty were also responsible for completing 
paperwork attesting to each of those counts. While, as detailed 
herein, count slips were completed for each institutional count, 
in fact, not a single one of those institutional counts was done. 
17. TOVA NOEL, the defendant, and Officer-1 were 
responsible for conducting the 4 p.m. institutional count in the 
SHU. As video from the MCC's internal video surveillance system 
makes clear, NOEL and Officer-1 did not perform the 4 p.m. count. 
Nonetheless, NOEL and Officer-1 
that falsely stated 
completed and signed a count slip 
that the 4 p.m. institutional count had been 
performed. 
In reliance on that falsified count slip, at 
approximately 5:03 p.m., the Control Center cleared the 4 p.m. 
count. 
EFTA00009754
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 9 of 20 
18. That evening, Epstein returned to the SHU from his 
attorney visit and was escorted into his cell by TOVA NOEL, the 
defendant, and another officer at approximately 7:49 p.m. 
NOEL 
and the other officer left the tier in which Epstein was housed 
immediately thereafter. 
19. By or before 10 p.m., all inmates in the MCC were 
locked in their cells for the night. At or around that time, TOVA 
NOEL, the defendant, and Officer-2 were responsible for conducting 
the 10 p.m. institutional count in the SHU. However, video from 
the MCC's internal video surveillance system shows that NOEL and 
Officer-2 did not perform the 10 p.m. count. 
and Officer-2 
Nonetheless, NOEL 
completed and signed a count slip falsely stating 
that the 10 p.m. institutional count had been performed. 
In 
reliance on that falsified count slip, at approximately 10:36 p.m., 
the Control Center cleared the 10 p.m. count. 
20. As reflected on video obtained from the MCC's 
internal video surveillance system, at approximately 10:30 p.m. on 
August 9, 2019 - after TOVA NOEL, the defendant, had signed and 
submitted the 10 p.m. count slip and the institutional count had 
been completed - NOEL briefly walked up to, and then walked back 
from, the door to the tier in which Epstein was housed. 
As 
confirmed by the video obtained from the MCC's internal video 
surveillance system, this was the last time anyone, including any 
EFTA00009755
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:19-cr-.00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 10 of 20 
correctional officer, walked up to, let alone entered, the only 
entrance to the tier in which Epstein was housed until 
approximately 6:30 a.m. on August 10. 
21. Officer-l's shift ended at approximately 10 p.m., 
and at approximately 12 a.m., MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendant, 
replaced Officer-2, joining TOVA NOEL, the defendant, as the only 
two correctional officers on duty in the SHU. 
NOEL and THOMAS 
were responsible for conducting the 12 a.m. institutional count in 
the SHU. 
As confirmed by video from the MCC's internal video 
surveillance system, NOEL and THOMAS did not perform the 12 a.m. 
GEM 
Nonetheless, NOEL and THOMAS completed and signed a count 
fnfor 
the 12 a.m. count that falsely stated that the 
institutional count had been performed. 
In reliance on that 
falsified count slip, at approximately 12:49 a.m., the Control 
Center cleared the 12 a.m. count. 
22. TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, were 
additionally responsible for conducting the 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. 
institutional counts in the SHU. As confirmed by video from the 
MCC's internal video surveillance system, NOEL and THOMAS did not 
perform either the 3 a.m. or the 5 a.m. counts. NOEL and THOMAS 
nonetheless completed and signed count slips for both counts that 
falsely stated that they had performed the 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. 
institutional counts. In reliance on those falsified count slips, 
EFTA00009756
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 11 of 20 
at approximately 3:24 a.m. and 5:30 a.m., the Control Center 
cleared the 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. counts, respectively. 
23. Moreover, despite the requirement that officers on 
duty in the SHU conduct and document regular, 30-minute rounds, 
TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, did not perform any 
of the required 30-minute rounds during their shift between 
approximately 12 a.m. and 6:30 a.m. 
Nonetheless, NOEL completed 
and signed more than 75 separate 30-minute round entries falsely 
affirming that they had, in fact, conducted such rounds. 
24. During the night, instead of completing the 
required counts and rounds, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the 
defendants, were seated at the correctional officers' desk in the 
SHU common area (as noted above, approximately 15 feet from 
Epstein's cell), used the computers, and moved around the SHU 
common area. 
For a period of approximately two hours, NOEL and 
THOMAS sat at their desk without moving, and appeared to have been 
asleep. NOEL used the computer periodically throughout the night, 
including to search the Internet for furniture sales and benefit 
websites. THOMAS used the computer briefly around 1 a.m., 4 a.m., 
and 6 a.m. to search for motorcycle sales and sports news. 
25. At approximately 4 a.m., the overnight supervisor 
briefly visited NOEL and THOMAS in the SHU, and conferred with 
NOEL and THOMAS, who were seated at and around the officers' desk, 
EFTA00009757
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 12 of 20 
before leaving. At approximately 5:30 a.m., another correctional 
officer briefly walked through the SHU common area. Aside from 
those two officers, as confirmed by video surveillance, no one 
else entered the SHU, no one conducted any counts or rounds 
throughout the night, and no one entered the tier in which Epstein 
was housed. 
26. Shortly after 6 a.m. on August 10, 2019, MICHAEL 
THOMAS and TOVA NOEL, the defendants, received a delivery of 
breakfast carts into the SHU, after which time they were again the 
only officers in the SHU. Shortly after 6:30 a.m., NOEL and THOMAS 
walked up to and entered the tier in which Epstein was housed to 
serve breakfast. 
At approximately 6:33 a.m., an alarm was 
activated in the SHU. 
Epstein was alone in his cell and not 
responsive, with a noose around his neck. A supervisor who had 
just started his shift ("Supervisor-1") responded to the alarm 
almost immediately thereafter, and as NOEL approached the door to 
the SHU to open the door for Supervisor-1, NOEL told Supervisor-1 
that "Epstein hung himself." 
After arriving in the SHU, 
Supervisor-1 spoke with THOMAS and NOEL. NOEL told Supervisor-1 
"we did not complete the 3 a.m. nor 5 a.m. rounds." THOMAS stated, 
" we messed up," and "I messed up, she's not to blame, we didn't do 
any rounds." 
EFTA00009758
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 1:19-cr:00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 13 of 20 
27. Epstein was transferred to a local hospital where 
he was declared dead shortly thereafter. The Office of the Chief 
Medical Examiner of the City of New York conducted an autopsy and 
determined that Epstein had committed suicide by hanging himself. 
STATUTORY ALLEGATIONS 
COUNT ONE 
(Conspiracy) 
The Grand Jury charges: 
28. The Grand 
Jury incorporates the allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 27 of this Indictment as though 
fully set forth herein. 
29. In or about August 2019, in the Southern District 
of New York, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, 
knowingly conspired with each other to: 
a. 
Knowingly defraud the 
United States 
by 
impairing, obstructing, and defeating the lawful functions of a 
department or agency of the United States, to wit, the MCC's 
function to ensure the care, custody, and control of its inmate 
population. 
b. 
Knowingly make and use a false writing or 
document knowing the same to contain a materially false, 
fictitious, and fraudulent statement and entry with the intent to 
impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper 
administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any 
EFTA00009759
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 1 19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 14 of 20 
department or agency of the United States, in violation of Title 
18, United States Code, Section 1001 (a)(3). 
30. In furtherance of the conspiracy and to effect the 
illegal objects thereof, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the 
defendants, committed the following overt acts, among others, in 
the Southern District of New York: 
a. On August 10, 2019, NOEL and THOMAS falsely 
certified, on an MCC count slip, that they had performed the 12 
a.m. institutional count of the SHU, when they had not in fact 
done so. 
b. On August 10, 2019, NOEL and THOMAS falsely 
certified, on an MCC count slip, that they had performed the 3 
a.m. institutional count of the SHU, when they had not in fact 
done so. 
C. On August 10, 2019, NOEL and THOMAS falsely 
certified, on an MCC count slip, that they had performed the 5 
a.m. institutional count of the SHU at MCC, when they had not in 
fact done so. 
d. On August 10, 2019, NOEL falsely certified that 
she and THOMAS had performed a series of 30-minute rounds of the 
SHU between 12 a.m. and 6:30 a.m., when they had not in fact done 
so. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 371) 
EFTA00009760
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 1:19-cr700830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 15 of 20 
COUNT TWO 
(False Records - 4 p.m. Count) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
31. The 
Grand 
Jury incorporates the allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 27 of this Indictment as though 
fully set forth herein. 
32. On or about August 9, 2019, in the Southern District 
of New York, TOVA NOEL, the defendant, willfully and knowingly did 
make and use a false writing or document knowing the same to 
contain a materially false, fictitious, and fraudulent statement 
and entry with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the 
investigation or proper administration of any matter within the 
jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States, and 
did attempt to do the same, to wit, NOEL created, signed, and 
submitted to the MCC a materially false count slip indicating that 
she had performed the 4 p.m. institutional count of the SHU, when 
she had not in fact done so. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1001(a)(3) and 2) 
COUNT THREE 
(False Records - 10 p.m. Count) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
33. The Grand 
Jury incorporates the allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 27 of this Indictment as though 
fully set forth herein. 
EFTA00009761
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 16 of 20 
34. On or about August 9, 2019, in the Southern District 
of New York, TOVA NOEL, the defendant, willfully and knowingly did 
make and use a false writing or document knowing the same to 
contain a materially false, fictitious, and fraudulent statement 
and entry with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the 
investigation or proper administration of any matter within the 
jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States, and 
did attempt to do the same, to wit, NOEL created, signed, and 
(submitted to the MCC a materially false count slip indicating that 
'she had performed the 10 p.m. institutional count of the SHU, when 
she had not in fact done so. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1001(a)(3) and 2) 
COUNT FOUR 
(False Records - 12 a.m. Count) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
35. The Grand 
Jury 
incorporates the allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 27 of this Indictment as though 
fully set forth herein. 
36. On or about August 10, 2019, in the Southern 
District of New York, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, 
willfully and knowingly did make and use a false writing or 
document knowing the same to contain a materially false, 
fictitious, and fraudulent statement and entry with the intent to 
impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper 
EFTA00009762
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 1:19-cr700830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 17 of 20 
administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any 
department or agency of the United States, and did attempt to do 
the same, to wit, NOEL and THOMAS created, signed, and submitted 
to the MCC a materially false count slip indicating that they had 
performed the 12 a.m. institutional count of the SHU, when they 
had not in fact done so. 
(Title 18, united States Code, Sections 1001(a)(3) and 2) 
COUNT FIVE 
(False Records - 3 a.m. Count) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
37. The Grand 
Jury incorporates the allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 27 of this Indictment as though 
fully set forth herein. 
38. On or about August 10, 2019, in the Southern 
District of New York, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, 
willfully and knowingly did make and use a false writing or 
document knowing the same to contain a materially false, 
fictitious, and fraudulent statement and entry with the intent to 
impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper 
administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any 
department or agency of the United States, and did attempt to do 
the same, to wit, NOEL and THOMAS created, signed, and submitted 
to the MCC a materially false count slip indicating that they had 
EFTA00009763
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 1:19-a: 00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 18 of 20 
performed the 3 a.m. institutional count of the SHU, when they had 
not in fact done so. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1001(a)(3) and 2) 
COUNT SIX 
(False Records - 5 a.m. Count) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
39. The 
Grand 
Jury incorporates the allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 27 of this Indictment as though 
fully set forth herein. 
40. On or about August 10, 2019, in the Southern 
District of New York, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, 
willfully and knowingly did make and use a false writing or 
document knowing the same to contain a materially false, 
fictitious, and fraudulent statement and entry with the intent to 
impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper 
administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any 
department or agency of the United States, and did attempt to do 
the same, to wit, NOEL and THOMAS created, signed, and submitted 
to the MCC a materially false count slip indicating that they had 
EFTA00009764
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 19 of 20 
performed the S a.m. institutional count of the SHU, when they had 
not in fact done so. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1001(a)(3) and 2) 
GEOFFR 
BERMAN 
United States Attorney 
EFTA00009765
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 20 of 20 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
- v. - 
TOVA NOEL and 
MICHAEL THOMAS, 
Defendants. 
INDICTMENT 
Cr. 
Title 18, United States Code, 
Sections 371, 1001(a) (3), and 2. 
GEOFFREY S. BERMAN 
United States Attorney 
A TRUE BILL 
1
Foreperson. 
Z /Wed Rim/von-1 
17,14 
A Wpm", lu 
742Uf 
{ui. _Sas Ne ibetc,fr, USiCT 
PIRO, 
EFTA00009766


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009767.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009767.pdf
----------------------------------------
11100 MY/ SOAK 
OGG Alt,/ SOAK 
S 
1., 1411111110111114611011 
MCC NEW YORK 
SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
L-TIER 
DATE: 
08/09/2019 
TIME 
FRAME 
TIME 
START 
12:00-12:30 AM pc' 
12:30- 1:00 M4 
t:004:30 AM 
1:30-2:00 AM 
2:002:30 AM 
2:30-3:00 AM 
)6f 
101
D'o_5 
30' 
53i 
3:003:30 AM 
3:304:00 AM 
4:004:30 AM 
4:304:00 AM 
5:00 -5:30 AM 
5:304:00 AM 
6:004:30 AM 
6:30-T00 AM 
7:004:30 AM 
GAD 
so 
cc0
c3s 
C9 
7:30-800 AM 
TIME 
END 
Lis( 
cc' 
7.3 ts 
co 4.5 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
6.00-8:30 AM 
Vat 
6:30. 9.00 AM 
8.00.8:30 AM 
1304900AM 
10:00-10:30 AM 
10:3041:00 AM 
11:0041:30 AM 
• oci 
to(D
st 
3:3042:00 AM 
12:0412:30 PM 
1230. 1:00 PM 
1:00-110 PM 
1:304.00 PM 
2:00-2:30 PM 
210-3:00 PM 
3003:30 PM 
a 
It
412 
3P 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
4:004:30 PM 
q OI 
2433 
geth
31 
t0
4104:00 PIA 
5.00 .5:30 PM 
304:00 PM 
00-6:30 PM 
30-7:00 PM 
z40„ 
.3
fiat 
1 
t)
700-7:30 PM 
7304:00 PM 
8.008:30 PM 
8:34 9:00 PM 
900410 PM 
9.30-10:00 PM 
10:0010:30 PM 
10:3041:00 PM 
11:0041:30 PM 
IP° 
900 
n  nth 
10°2
1032 
ilb2_ 
io2
3304:00 PM 
11:3012:00 PM 1131 lie= 
SIGNATURE 
MORNING WATCH 
DAY WATCH 
EVENING WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
A staff member must observe all initiates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
deter' ion or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
a.m. — 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate Is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
conducted on an irregular schedule and no snore than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
documented. 
REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
CAPTAIN 
EFTA00009767
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ii00 M W Mk, 
lacq 
030
13(1 
1.4011116104)11114 Vail 
MCC NEW YORK 
SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
M-TIER 
DATE:  08/09/2019 
IFICIA111011111114 unit 
TWIE 
FRAME 
THE 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
12:00.12:30 AM 
12:30- 1:00AM 
1:00-1:30 AM 
1:30-2:00 AM 
ors 
(GS 
2:00-2:30 AM 
2.30-310 AM 
3:00-3:30 MA 
Dc3 
sea 
3:30-4:00 AM 
4:004:30 AM 
4.30.5:00 AM 
3:00.3:30 AM 
5:30400 AM 
8:004:30 AM 
8:30-7:00 AM 
7:00-7:30 AM 
ob 
CD1" 
8:00-8.30 AM 
8:30. 9:00 AM 
9:004:30 AM 
9:30-10:00 AM 
It
10:00-10:30 AM 
10:30.11:00 AM 
D UD
131 
11:00-11:30AM 
Of 
11:30-12:00 AM 
12:00.12:30 PM 
12:30- 1:00PM 
1:00-1:30 PM 
1:30-2:00 PM 
2:00-2:30 PM 
Sb
2:30-3:00 PM 
3:00.3:30 PM 
3:30-4:00 PM 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
00.4 30 PM 
10:30.11:00 PM 
11:0041:30 PM 
11:30.12:00 PM 
TIME 
START 
zrz 
1133
TIME 
END 
It°
SIGNATURE 
MORNING WATCH 
DAY WATCH 
EVENING WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
deten ion or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
a.m.-12:30 a m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the sante hour (example, 
12:30 am — I:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an initiate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
documented. 
REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
CAPTAIN 
EFTA00009768
--- PAGE 3 ---
MCC 11(01100. 
PICIAI 1100111A4 liglit 
MCC NEW YORK 
SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
ZA 
TIER-J 
DATE: 
08/09/2019 
SAO NV TOM 
RICOMMOIHIAGIMIT 
TIME 
FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
12:00-12:30 AM ncc 
1951'
f 7 
12,(-c. 
120 
(tog 
tly 
2C 
2q° 
12:30- 1:00 AM 
1:00-1:30 AM 
1:30.2:00 AM 
In 
2c7 
249
345 
'3s? 
2:00-2:30 AM 
2:304:00 AM 
3:00-3:30 AM 
3:304:00 AM 
4:00.4:30 AM 
4:30.5:00 AM 
(
d 
00 -5 30AA4 
v(4 
szA 
CS-
5:304:00 AM 
5
6:004:30 AM 
307:00 AM 
7:00.7:30 AM 
(954.
101
qvc 
(o.5
I,
-73(0 
7:304:00 AM 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
8:004:30 AM 
t)
8:30- 9:00 AM 
9:00-9:30 AM 
9:3010:00 AM 
1.1 
it, 
10:00-10:30 AM 
Il 
let 
10:3011:CO AM 
3) 
11:0011:30 AM 
11:30-12:00 AM 
'04 
491 
?I) 
12:03-12:30 PM 
12:30- 1:00 PM 
1:00-1:30 PM 
O 
1:30-2:00PM 
1-9 
2:00-2:30 PM 
2:304:00 PM 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
ENO 
SIGNATURE 
00.4:30 PM 4)5 
z4B4
cp
4304:03 PM 
590.530 PSI 
5204:00 PM 
6.1ci
5-95
Co 
6:004:30 PM 
630-790 PM 
00.:30 PM 
30.8:00 PM 
8004:30 PM 
30. ROO PM RI
esti 
00.9:30 PM 
re-i 
30.10:00 PM 
id,
10.0040:30 PM 
10:30.11:00 PM 
3:00-3:30 PM 
11:00-11:30 PM 
3:30-4:00 PM 
11.3042.00 PM 
MORNING WATCH 
DAY WATCH 
EVENING WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
a.m.-12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
documented. 
REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
CAPTAIN 
EFTA00009769
--- PAGE 4 ---
1.40 011611014 
sPtciat 110.11 inGu nit 
MCC NEW YORK 
SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
ZA 
TIER-K 
DATE: 
08/09/2019 
MCC MS SOAK 
IPICIAI 
TIME 
FRAME 
12:0012:30 AM 
12:30- 1:00AM 
1:00.1:30 NA 
1:30.200 AM 
2002'30 AM 
2'.30-3'.00 AM 
3:00-3:30 AM 
3:30-4 00 AM 
00-4 30 MI 
4.30-5.00 AM 
500 -5:30 AM 
5:30-6:00 AM 
6.00-6.30 AM 
6:30-T00 AM 
7.007 30 AM 
7:30-8:00 AM 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
ENO 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
8:00-0:30 AM 
8:30- 9:00 MI 
S7 
IA 
9:009:30 AM 
9:30-10:00 AM 
3q 
10:00-1030 AM to 11 
10:30.11 00 AM 
11:00-11 30AM 
11:3012.00 AM 
12:00-12:30 PM 
301 
1\ 
12.30- 1:00 PM 
1:00-1:30 PM 
It 
1:30-2:00 PIA 
2:00-2:30 PM 
04. 
210-3:00 PM 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
4004:30 PM 4P-4.
4:30-5:00 PM 
590.5:30 PM 
-5001 
r-57)4
got 
5•30-6:00 PM 
00-6 30 PM 
Ccn 
coca
30400 PM 
00-710 PM 
Lohil 
308'00 PM 
8008.30 PM 
830. 900 PM 
af* 
9.44 
'5.76
9.009.30 PM 
2164 
°HO 
9301000PM 
10.00-10.30 PM tan Icy' 
10.30-11:00 PM 
3.00-3.30 PM 
3:30-4:00 PM 
 11:30-12:00 PM 
li.00-11:30 PM 
MORNING WATCH 
DAY WATCH 
EVENING WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
A staff member must observe all inmates confined inn continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
deten ion or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
a.m. — 12:30 n.m.) followed by another round In the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
documented. 
REVIEWED 13Y MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
CAPTAIN 
EFTA00009770
--- PAGE 5 ---
fr ICIAL 1•01,11 MG 111111 
MCC NEW YORK 
SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
ZA 
TIER-G 
DATE: 
08/09/2019 
WOO Al. TOM 
If Call HOOSIAG WO! 
TIME 
FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
SIGNATURE 
END 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
12:00-12,30AM 
i ro 
8.004.30 AM 
I to(1)
al 
?el 
ak 
4:00.4:10 PM 
Il=n-
Cen 
0C) 
(b 
12:30.1:00 AM 
4 f 
2q2 
8:30- 9:00AM 
gala 
1:00-1.30 AM 
If
112
9:00-9:30 MA 
1•30.2 00 AM 
I/1 
I t(0
Inn 
530.8:00 PM 
r a
00-2 30AM 
(4 
!V 0
10:00-10:30 AM 
to ro vila 
600.6:30 PM 
L00 CI 
el 
30x.00 AM 
42'(3 
9q 
will
Ectrin 
00-3:30 AM 
Ct 
*/ .1 ° 
1100-11:30AM ISM 
• 
t 
3.30-400 AM 
4( egti? 
11.30-1200 AM 
CEO 
7:30-8.00 PM 
P4 44 I
( 
4:004:30 AM 
I
T 
12:00-12:30 PM mei 
Ezn2 
4.30400 AM 
Uni 
ti
ffi @ 
8:30- 9.00 PM 
bey g 
5:00-5:30 AM 
<O43 
100-1.30 PM 
MIN 
t00-9:30 PM cf' 
5:30-6:00 AM 
CV i 
51.V ...
1:30-2:00 PM 
t .
a 
t30-10.00 PM 
I 
00430 AM 
t, 1 o 
et. f! 
inallgial 
.11:2=nri 
4304'00 AM 
( t
O 
cv 
2:30-3:00 PM 
10:3011,00 PM 1p540 to 
7:00-7.30 AM 
e - 1 4 , 
-pa 
3:00-3:30 PM 
11:00.11:30 PM 
7:30400 MI 
er/ 
I ,/ a 
3:30-4:00 PM 
11:30.12:00 PM 
MORNING WATCH 
DAY WATCII 
EVENING WAICI I 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
a.m. — 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate Is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
documented. 
REVIEWED BY MORNING %%wit' I LIEUTENANT 
CAPTAIN 
EFTA00009771
--- PAGE 6 ---
Ascc 0lY IOA
PtCatilOWIAGlail 
MCC NEW YORK 
SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
ZA 
TIER-H 
DATE: 
08/09/2019 
MOMIDOolific.:“T 
TIME 
FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
12:0042:30 AM 
12:30- 1:00AM 
1:004:30 AM 
1:30.2:00 AM 
2:00-2:30 AM 
2:30-310 MI 
3:00-3:30 AM 
3:304:00 AM 
4:004:30 AM 
4:30-5:00 AM 
5:00.5:30 AM 
5:30-6:00 AM 
6:00-6:30 AM 
6:30-7:00 AM 
7:00-7:30 AM 
7:30400 AM 
12" 
120 
it,
2ft 
'1"tit 
so.
rf 
yIa-
tpi I 
(
Sup 
(5 
46
7°2 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIRE 
END 
8.00-8:30 AM 
836 900AM 
900.9.30 AM 
Sz 
)L\ 
ti
30-10 00 AM 
10:00-10:30 AM 
10:3041:00 AM 
11:00-11:30 AM 
11:30-12:00 AM 
206230 PIA 
230.3:00 Pm 
3:00.330 Pm 
3:30-4:00 PM 
DR, 
3c 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
ENO 
SIGNATURE 
4:004:30 PM 
4:30-5:00 PM 
500 .5:30 PM 
304:00PM 
6:004:30 PM 
6:30-7:00 PM 
7:00.7:30 PM 
7:304:00 PM 
t004:30 PM 
8:30.9:00 PM 
8.00-R30 PM 
9:30-10:00 PM 
10:0610:30 PM 
10:30-11:00 PM 
11.03-11:30 PM 
11:30-12:00 PM 
LD Loa 
444b Acid 
514 
14( r5LP 
ich ii I 
CAS OP 
c-4. it •-4.1s4 
3S
r+ 
g " 
g4I 
q 
kCi 43 
4:144 
Ida toe 
td-P 
MORNING WATCH 
DAY WATCH 
EVENING WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEMENANT 
A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
deten ion or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
a.m. — 12:30 a m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
documented. 
REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCII LIEUTENANT  
CAPTAIN 
EFTA00009772
--- PAGE 7 ---
moo NW TORII 
•00 INN TORN 
5PECIIIIIIMUIRG WAIT 
MCC NEW YORK 
SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
ZB 
DATE: g
r q- -  /5 '
110:11M1101.111041MIT 
TIME 
RAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
ENO 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
SIGNATURE 
END 
12:00-12:30 AM 't4' 
110
8:008.30 AM 
g.1 - 
4:004:30 PM 
e 
---....- 
it 
12:30- 1:0D AM 
/no 
12:O 
1:00-1:30 AM 
-Li 
pa 
900.9:30 AM 
•;IA 
.. i C
UU"
5:00.5:30 PM 
rt." 
1:30.2:00 AM 
AM 
A. 
301000 AM 
• -•3(0 q : 3i 
7,0 
2:002:30 AM 
-, 
. 
10:00.10:30AM 
MT/ 
d .., 4 
600830 PM 
Ot t
2:30000 AM 
10:3011:00AM 1614, 
to; 
30.7:00 PM 
40, 
se 
3.00.3-30AM 
d 
II:0011:30AM 
V2 2 
t*. 12. 
oa.no PM 
O 
3:30-4 00AM 
30 533
leMareiraga 
k th3 
IP 
e t 
4:00-4.30 AM 
1: 5
fd
120042:30 PM 
I.: 11 
4:30.5.00 AM 
rillerglig
8.30.9:'. • 
6.00-5:30 AM 
-s. 
i 
5:30-5.00 AM 53 o 5 
1.30.2:00 PM 
:4 i 
i:LE3 
9:30-10:00 PM 
L2 
6:00-5:30AM 
1) • 9 
0 
100.2.30 PM 
• . 03 2: 6 
10:00-10:30 PM 
I Li 
r
6:30-7:00AM 
to 3o
L 33 
'
:
PM 
2:2.3 2: 
10:3011:00 PM/ 
((," om 
T007:30 AM 
'70 
3.00-3:30 PM 
%.3:. Ds 3.. ti 
11:00-11:30 PA! T 
/2' 
7:30.8.00 AM 
7,30
?33
_330.1:00 PM 
3'.44 3'. 5 I 
I I ill i iii I i Ai IfrieCto il 
MORNING WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
DAY WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
EVENING WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
a.m. — 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes app 
documented. 
REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT 
CAPTAIN 
EFTA00009773
--- PAGE 8 ---
• • 
-4. 
*1/4 vte•-• 
. 
• 
.
.
•
t• • V v • 
.• 
.. • 
•
:•• 
• 
L. 
. • . 
• ?. ;' • •i 
".• 4. ' 
i: 4: • 
••• 
. • 
: • 
EFTA00009774


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009775.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009775.pdf
----------------------------------------
ACC 111.11101141 
MCC NEW YORK 
SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
ZA 
TIER-G 
DATE: 08/10/2019 
sPlOultliOunA4 Yar 
TIME 
FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
WE FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
12:0012:30 AM 1 Doi al 
:004:30 AM 
4:00-4:30 PM 
12:30. 1:00AM I 
30. 9'.00 AM 
4:30.5:00 PM 
1:004:30 AM 
i
1....0 
 i I 
i
' 
:009.30 AM
5:003:30 PM 
1:30-2:00 AM 
-Sta 
ib 
20.10'00 AM 
5:30-6:00 PM 
2.00-2:30AM 
201 
.2 , 0 
0:0010.30 AM 
0.004:30 PM 
2:30-3:00 AM 
2.......4% i 
0:3011'.00 AM 
0:30.7:00 PM 
3'.00-3:30 AM 
446.
4...a 
I:0011 C: AC* 
700-7:30 PM 
3.304:00AM 
SA 
1:30-12 C: AM 
7304:00 PM 
4.0046:30 AM 
I UL,4 
2:00-12:30 PM 
89043.30 PM 
4:30-5:00A14 
L.  440 
2:30- 1:00 PM 
8:30- 9.00 PM 
5.00 4:30AM 
0.6 
:00.1:30 PM 
900-9:30 PM 
5:304:00 MI 
VIII 
44
:30-2:00 PM 
9:30-10.00 PM 
6:00-6:30 MI 
(1 10 
t 0 II 
.00-2:30 PM 
10:00-10:30 PM 
630-7:00 NA 
.304:00 PM 
10:3041:00 PM 
7.007:30 AM 
3:004:30 PM 
11:00-11:30 PM 
7:30440 MI 
3:30-4:00 PM 
11:30-12:00 PM 
MORNING WATCH 
DAY WATCH 
EVENING WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
A staff member must observe all inmates confined Ina continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
a.m. — 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 12:30 
am — 1:00 a.m.). thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds arc to be conducted 
on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be documented. 
REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
CAPTAIN 
EFTA00009775
--- PAGE 2 ---
moo AMMAN 
a.cc
, ,1..M1114YIYIY s(hil 
MCC NEW YORK 
SPECIAL. HOUSING UNIT 
MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
ZA 
TIER-1-1 
DATE: (18/10/2019 
11101111101MAG4air 
TIME 
FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
STAR- 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
ENO 
SIGNATURE 
12:00-12:30 AM 
12:30- 1:00 AM 
I, 
1(246 
IQ. 
:004:30 AM 
4:004:30 PM 
:30- 9:00 AM 
4:30-5:00 PM 
t00-1:30 AA, 
lb 
i 1 
:00-9:30 AM 
5:00.5:30 PM 
i 30-200 AM 
\ I .2.)1, 13 
:30.10:00 AM 
5:30.6:00 PM 
2:00.2 30 AM 
* 
it 
a 
0:00-10:30 AM 
00.6:30 PM 
230-3 00 AM 
ca
l g 
0:30.11:00 AM 
6.30.7':00 PM 
3:004.30AM 
....9 
---2-)
1:00-i t .30 AM 
700.7:30 PM 
304.00 AM 
LI- 
1:30-12.00 AM 
7:30.8:00 PM 
4.00-4 30AM 
IQ 
Al 
2:00-12:30 PM 
II 004:30 PM 
.1.4 
430.5.00 AM 
--V 1
4m 
2:30.1:00 PM 
930- 9.00 PM 
5:00.5:30 AM 
IC 
I  
l
:00-1:30 PM 
9.00.9:30 PM 
5:30-6:00 AM 
6:00-610 AM 
t ci
:30-2:00 PM 
9.30-10.00 PM 
LCI  )
:00-2:30 PM 
16.00-10:30 PM 
6:30-7:00AM 
:30-3:00 PM 
10.30.11:00 PM 
7:00-7:30 AM 
3:00-3:30 PM 
11:00-11:30 PM 
7:30-8:00 AM 
3:30-4:00 PM 
11:30-12:00 PM 
MORNING WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
I.IEUTENANT 
II 
I 
MY WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
-111171TNANT 
EVENING WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
IAEUTEN ANT 
A staff member must observe all inmates mfined in a emitinuous locked down status, such as administrative 
detention or disciplinary segregation. at le: it once ill the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
a.m. — 12:30 a.m.) followed by another roan 1 in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 12:30 
am — I:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is •bserved at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be conducted 
on an irregular schedule and no more than • 0 minutes apart. All observations must be documented. 
REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCI I LIEUTENANT  
CAPTAIN 
EFTA00009776
--- PAGE 3 ---
MCC NEW YORK 
SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
ZA 
TI ER-J 
DATE: 08/10/2019 
OIo14UIOY11nG M1! 
TIME 
FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
ENO 
12:00-12:30 AM 
12:30- 1:00 AM 
111110 MI 
ia05 
10.3g
ecl 
IQUIP 
'0 
1:30.2:00 MI 
2'00.230 MI 
301 00 MI 
3'.00.3 30 MI 
-es5
en c 5 
o)05 
k 
to 
130-4 00 Ml 
4.00.4:30 Ml 
4.304 00 MI 
5:00 -5:30AM 
%). 
34
0
5:30400 AM 
6:00430 AM v5261-
tr.@ 
6:30.7:00 AM 
7:00.7:30 M1 
7:304:00 MI 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
8:00-8:30 AM 
410-4:30 PM 
8:31 9.00 AM 
4:30-5:00 PM 
9:00.930 AM 
5:00 -5:30 PIA 
930.10:00 AM 
30410 PM 
10.0110.30 AM 
500.6:30 PM 
10:30.11.03 AM 
30.710 PM 
11:00-11:30 AM 
00.7:30 PM 
I1:30-12 00AM 
30.8:00 PM 
12.00-1Z 30 PM 
018.30 PM 
12:30. 1:00 PM 
30. 9.00 PM 
1:00-1:30 PM 
9004:30 PM 
1:30-2:00 PM 
9.30-10.00 PM 
2.00-2.30 PM 
1300-10:30 PM 
2.30-3.00 PM 
10:30-11:00 PM 
200-330 PM 
11.00.11:30 PM 
3.30.4.00 PM 
11:30.12:00 PM 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
MORNING WATCH 
DAY WATCH 
EVENING WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
OPERADONs 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
delta ion or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
a.m.— 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 12:30 
am — :00 a.m.). thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be conducted 
on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be documented. 
REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
CAPTAIN 
EFTA00009777
--- PAGE 4 ---
Inc MY IOPK 
SP 4Ciat 11011,1116 
MCC NEW YORK 
SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
ZA 
'TER-K 
DATE: 08/10/2019 
KO Mal TOOK 
SPCCORNOUlli14111111 
TIME 
FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
I SIGNATURE 
ENO 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
12:00-12:30 AM 
12:30-1.00 AM tOol
00-8:30 AM 
8:30. 9:00 AM 
4.00.4:30 PM 
4:30.5:00 PM 
100.130 AM 
1'30-2 00 AI.1 log 
scl-
tin
004 30 AM 
30-10 00AM 
5.00.5:30 PM 
5.304:00 PM 
00-2 30 AM 
2.30.3:00 AM 
300.3:30 AM 
3:30-4:00 AM 
2_69-
41
IL-1
Qfs
00-10.30 AM 
to 30-11:00 AM 
00.11 30 AM 
i I 30-12 oo AM 
43.004:30 PM 
6.30.7.00 PM 
00-7 30 PM 
30-8 00 PM 
4.004:30 MI 
4:30-5:00 MI 
5:00 -5:30 AM 
5:30-6:00 AM r3s°1 
t c
V 
12.00.12:30 PM 
1230- 1:00 PM 
8.00-8.30 PM 
8.30- 9.00 PM 
°
1:00-1:30 PM 
9.00-9:30 PM 
1:30-2:00 PM 
30-10:00 PM 
6.00-430 MI 
(tee' le 
2.00.2:30 PM 
10:00-10:30 PM 
6:30.700 AI 
2.30-3:00 PM 
1D30-11:00 PM 
7:00-7:30 AM 
3:00-3:30 PM 
11:00-11:30 PM 
7:30-8:00 AM 
330.4:00 PM 
11:30-12:00 PM 
MORNING WATCII 
DAY WATCII 
EVENING WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
I HOTENAN T 
LIEUTENANT 
A sta f member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
deten ion or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
a.m.— 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 12:30 
am — 1.00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be conducted 
on an irregular schedule and no More than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be documented. 
REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
CAPTAIN 
EFTA00009778
--- PAGE 5 ---
1100 ntio Tok• 
4:GO OttLi TOPA 
et"llh4.
W4Ciiii Ileum/16 soil 
TIME 
FRAME 
TIME 
START 
12:00-12:30 AM 
30- 
AM 
004 30 AM 
1.30.2 00 AM 
te35
Les 
2.00-2 30 AM 
2-30-3:00 AM 
300-3:30 AM 
3-30-4.00 AM 
00-4 30 MI 
not 
yep 
4:30-5:00 MI 
5:00.530 AM 
0-00
5306.00 Ml 
.53% 
is 02. 
004 30 Ml 
30.7 00 Ml 
700-7.30 AM 
730440 AM 
TIME 
SIGNATURE 
END 
MCC NEW YORK 
SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
ZA 
TIER- L 
DATE: 08/10/2019 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
8:00.8:30 Ml 
dig-4:30 PM 
30. 9 00AM 
430-5.00 PM 
004 30 AM 
500.530 PM 
9.3040.00 AM 
304:00 PM 
$0:00-10:30 AM 
6.004:30 PM 
10:3041:00 AM 
6.30-7.00 PM 
11:0041:30 AM 
7.00-7:30 PM 
11:30.12:00 AM 
7.30-8:00 PM 
12:0412:30 PM 
8.00.8:30 PM 
12:30- 1:00 PM 
830- 900PM 
1:00-1:30 PM 
00-9:30 PM 
1:30-200 PM 
30-10.00 PM 
2:00.230 PM 
1000.10:30 PM 
230- 00 PM 
10.30-1140 PM 
3:00-3:30 PM 
11:00-11:30 PM 
310-400 PM 
11:30-12:00 PM 
IPlaillIOUSIII4 
SIGNATURE 
MORNING WATCH 
DAY WATCH 
EVENING WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
delen ion or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
a.m.— 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 12:30 
am — 1:00 a.m.). thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be conducted 
on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be documented. 
REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCI I LIEUTENANT  
CAPTAIN 
EFTA00009779
--- PAGE 6 ---
GOO filSIOIR 
BCC Ill J1 
TIME 
FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
12:03-1240AM tp°3
035 
t°5
I5?) 
2b5 
2z4-
site 
12:30- 1:00 AM 
t 
1:00-1:30 AM 
1:30-2:00 AM 
2:00-Z30 AM 
2:30-3:00 AM 
2_ 
2.5
3:00-3:30 AM 
•
3(30-4:00 AM 
4:00-4:30 AM 
S 53
y ob
)5 e2
55F5 
4:304:00 AM 
5:00 -5:30 AM 
5:304:00 AM 
6:004:30 MI 
Loo 
6:30-7:00 AM 
7:00.7:30 AM 
7:30-8:00 AM 
MCC NEW YORK 
SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
ZA 
TIER-M 
DATE:  08/10/2019 
I SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
SIGNATURE 
TIME FRAME 
TIME 
START 
TIME 
END 
800430 AM 
4:00-4:30 PM 
8:34 9:00 AM 
304 00 PM 
0:00-9:30 AM 
5:00.5:30 PM 
9:30-10:00 AM 
5.304:00 PM 
10:00-10:30 AM 
00041:30 PM 
10:30-11:00AM 
8:30-7:00 PM 
11:00-11:30 AM 
7:00-7:30 PM 
11:30-12:00 AM 
7:30-8:00 PM 
12:00-12:30 PM 
800-8:30 PM 
12:30- 1:00 PM 
8:30.9:00 PM 
1:001:30 PM 
9.00-9:30 PM 
1:30-240 PM 
9:3040:00 PM 
2:00-Z30 PM 
100040:30 PM 
2:304:00 PM 
1030-11:00 PM 
3:00-3:30 PM 
11:00-11:30 PM 
3:30-4:00 PM 
11:3042:00 PM 
IPIC141 no !In unn 
SIGNATURE 
MORNING WATCH 
DAY WATCH 
Li:DAM.; WATCH 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
OPERATIONS 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
LIEUTENANT 
A staff member must observe all Inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
a.m. — 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 12:30 
am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be conducted 
on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be documented. 
REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
CAPTAIN 
EFTA00009780


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009781.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009781.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 59 Filed 05/2 5 26sdecraW 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
United States of America 
v. 
Tova Noel, 
Defendant. 
TO: 
TOVA NOEL 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC #: 
DATE FILED: 5/25/2021 
Deferred Prosecution Agreement 
Cr. 830 (AT) 
On November 19, 2019, a grand jury sitting in this District returned a six-count indictment 
(the "Indictment"), which charged Ton Noel ("you") with committing offenses against the United 
States, to wit, conspiring to knowingly defraud the United States and to knowingly make and use 
a false writing or document, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371, and five counts of knowingly making 
and using a false writing or document, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1001. However, after a thorough 
investigation, and based on the facts of this case and your personal circumstances, the U.S. 
Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York ("USAO-SDNY") has determined that 
the interests of justice will best be served by deferring prosecution in this District. Upon your 
acceptance of responsibility for your behavior and by your signature on this deferred prosecution 
agreement (the "Agreement"), prosecution will be deferred during the term of your behavior and 
satisfactory compliance with the terms of this Agreement for the period of six months from the 
date of this Agreement. 
The terms and conditions constituting your good behavior and satisfactory compliance are 
as follows: 
You shall refrain from violating any federal, state, or local law. You shall immediately 
contact your U.S. Pretrial Services Officer if arrested or questioned by a law-
enforcement officer. 
(2) 
You shall associate only with law-abiding persons. 
(3) 
You shall work regularly at a lawful occupation, regularly attend school, and/or support 
or care for your legal dependents, if any, to the best of your ability, as approved by your 
U.S. Pretrial Services Officer. You shall notify your supervising U.S. Pretrial Services 
Officer prior to any work or school changes. 
(4) 
You shall not leave the contiguous United States without permission of your 
supervising U.S. Pretrial Services Officer. In accordance with this condition, the U.S. 
Pretrial Services Office shall return your passport upon the Court's entering this 
Agreement, and shall do so indefinitely unless this Agreement is violated. 
- 1 - 
EFTA00009781
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 59 Filed 05/25/21 Page 2 of 5 
(5) 
You shall notify your supervising U.S. Pretrial Services Officer immediately of any 
change in your place of residence. 
(6) 
You shall follow your supervising U.S. Pretrial Services Officer's instructions and 
advice. 
(7) 
You shall report to your supervising U.S. Pretrial Services Officer as directed. 
As a further condition you hereby consent to disclosure, by any federal, state, or local 
government agency, or by any medical or substance abuse treatment provider, to the U.S. Pretrial 
Services Officer supervising your case, of such medical and treatment records as may be requested 
by the Pretrial Services Officer to evaluate deferral of prosecution in this case You further agree 
that you will execute any additional consent forms that any such agency or provider may require 
to release such information. 
Special conditions are as follows: 
You shall truthfully and completely disclose all information with respect to the activities 
of yourself and others related to your employment by the Bureau of Prisons ("BOP"), which 
information can be used for any purpose. You shall agree to meet with and be interviewed by the 
USAO-SDNY, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Department of Justice, Office of the 
Inspector General ("DOJ-OIG"), and any other law enforcement agency designated by this Office. 
You shall complete 100 documented hours of community service, preferably related to the 
criminal justice system, including working with recently released inmates. The specific type of 
community service to be performed must be approved by your Pretrial Services Officer. 
The USAO-SDNY may at any time revoke or modify any condition of this provisional 
release or change the period of such supervision, which shall in no case exceed six months. The 
USAO-SDNY may discharge you from supervision at any time. The USAO-SDNY may at any 
time proceed with the prosecution for this offense should the USAO-SDNY, in its sole discretion, 
deem such action advisable. 
If upon completion of your supervision a written report from your supervising U.S. Pretrial 
Services Officer is received to the effect that you have complied with all the rules, regulations and 
conditions and special conditions applicable to your deferred prosecution, no further prosecution 
will be instituted in this District for the above offenses. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to preclude the BOP or the DOJ-OIG from 
taking any administrative action against you, including suspension or termination of employment, 
based on the facts alleged in the Indictment, the facts identified in the course of the investigation 
that led to the Indictment, or your own statements to the DOJ-OIG or any other law enforcement 
entity. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to require the BOP or the DOJ-OIG to delay 
- 2 - 
EFTA00009782
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 59 Filed 05/25/21 Page 3 of 5 
any administrative action until after the expiration of the period of deferment contemplated by this 
Agreement. You agree that a copy of this Agreement, including your admission and acceptance 
of responsibility, shall be provided to the BOP. 
If you successfully complete the term of supervision and fulfills all the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, the Government will move the Court to dismiss the Indictment as to 
the defendant. 
It is further understood that this Agreement and the terms and conditions set forth herein 
are limited to the facts and circumstances of this case and lack precedential value. 
Dated: New York, New York 
May 20, 2021 
AUDREY STRUASS 
United States Attorney for the 
Southern District of New York 
By: cicart.e....... 
Nicolas Roos 
Jessica Lonergan 
Assistant United States Attorneys 
Tel.: 212-637-2421 / 1038 
- 3 - 
EFTA00009783
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 59 Filed 05/25/21 Page 4 of 5 
The undersigned hereby consents to the foregoing. The undersigned hereby further admits 
that she willfully and knowingly completed materially false count and round slips regarding 
required counts and rounds in the Special Housing Unit of the Metropolitan Correctional Center 
("MCC") on August 9, 2019 and August 10, 2019. The undersigned expressly waives any and all 
tights to a speedy trial pursuant to the Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution, the 
Speedy Trial Act, §§ 3161 et seq., and any other pertinent provisions, and consents to the 
adjournment of all pending proceedings in this case. 
The undersigned further waives the 
applicable statute of limitations with respect to any prosecution that is not time-barred on the date 
that this agreement is signed. It is the intent of this provision to toll the applicable statute of 
limitations during the pendency of the deferred prosecution. 
The undersigned understands that pursuant to Title 18, United States Code, Section 
3161(h)(2), this Agreement is subject to approval by the Court. Should the Court refuse to 
approve, and thereby reject, this Agreement, neither party shall be bound to any term of this 
Agreement, and no admissions in this Agreement may be used against the undersigned. 
Finally, the undersigned acknowledges that she has read this Agreement and has carefully 
reviewed each provision with her attorney. The undersigned and her attorney acknowledge that 
no threats, promises, or representations have been made, nor agreements reached, other than those 
set forth in this Agreement. The undersigned further acknowledges that she understands and 
voluntarily accepts each and every term and condition of this Agreement. 
Dated: New York, New York 
May/ter°  , 2021 
Jason 
y, Esq. 
Atto ey for Defend 
- 4 - 
Tova Noel 
Defendant 
EFTA00009784
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 59 Filed 05/25/21 Page 5 of 5 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §3161(h)(2), exclusion under the Speedy Trial Act of the period of 
time during which the prosecution of the defendant is deferred pursuant to this Agreement is 
hereby approved. 
Dated: New York, New York 
May 25, 2021 
Honorable Analisa 
Analisa Torres 
United States District Judge 
The undersigned hereby consents to the foregoing and will accept supervision of the 
above-named defendant on the conditions set forth herein. 
Dated: New York, New York 
May
 2021 
4.4.A4 
nited States PAtrial Services Officer 
- 5 - 
EFTA00009785


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009786.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009786.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 56 Filed 05/2 
USA 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
United States of America 
v. 
Michael Thomas, 
Defendant. 
TO: 
MICHAEL THOMAS 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC #: 
DATE FILED: 
5/25/2021 
Deferred Prosecution Agreement 
Cr. 830 (AT) 
On November 19, 2019, a grand jury sitting in this District returned a six-count indictment 
(the "Indictment"), which charged Michael Thomas ("you") with committing offenses against the 
United States, to wit, conspiring to knowingly defraud the United States and to knowingly make 
and use a false writing or document, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371, and three counts of knowingly 
making and using a false writing or document, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1001. However, after a 
thorough investigation, and based on the facts of this case and your personal circumstances, the 
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York ("USAO-SDNY") has determined 
that the interests of justice will best be served by deferring prosecution in this District. Upon your 
acceptance of responsibility for your behavior and by your signature on this deferred prosecution 
agreement (the "Agreement"), prosecution will be deferred during the term of your behavior and 
satisfactory compliance with the terms of this Agreement for the period of six months from the 
date of this Agreement. 
The terms and conditions constituting your good behavior and satisfactory compliance are 
as follows: 
(1) 
You shall refrain from violating any federal, state, or local law. You shall immediately 
contact your U.S. Pretrial Services Officer if arrested or questioned by a law-
enforcement officer. 
(2) 
You shall associate only with law-abiding persons. 
(3) 
You shall work regularly at a lawful occupation, regularly attend school, and/or support 
or care for your legal dependents, if any, to the best of your ability, as approved by your 
U.S. Pretrial Services Officer. You shall notify your supervising U.S. Pretrial Services 
Officer prior to any work or school changes. 
(4) 
You shall not leave the contiguous United States without permission of your 
supervising U.S. Pretrial Services Officer. In accordance with this condition, the U.S. 
Pretrial Services Office shall return your passport upon the Court's entering this 
Agreement, and shall do so indefinitely unless this Agreement is violated. 
- 1 - 
EFTA00009786
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 56 Filed 05/25/21 Page 2 of 5 
(5) 
You shall notify your supervising U.S. Pretrial Services Officer immediately of any 
change in your place of residence. 
(6) 
You shall follow your supervising U.S. Pretrial Services Officer's instructions and 
advice. 
(7) 
You shall report to your supervising U.S. Pretrial Services Officer as directed. 
As a further condition you hereby consent to disclosure, by any federal, state, or local 
government agency, or by any medical or substance abuse treatment provider, to the U.S. Pretrial 
Services Officer supervising your case, of such medical and treatment records as may be requested 
by the Pretrial Services Officer to evaluate deferral of prosecution in this case. You further agree 
that you will execute any additional consent forms that any such agency or provider may require 
to release such information. 
Special conditions are as follows: 
You shall truthfully and completely disclose all information with respect to the activities 
of yourself and others related to your employment by the Bureau of Prisons ("BOP"), which 
information can be used for any purpose. You shall agree to meet with and be interviewed by the 
USAO-SDNY, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Department of Justice, Office of the 
Inspector General ("DOJ-OIG"), and any other law enforcement agency designated by this Office. 
You shall complete 100 documented hours of community service, preferably related to the 
criminal justice system, including working with recently released inmates. The specific type of 
community service to be performed must be approved by your Pretrial Services Officer. 
The USAO-SDNY may at any time revoke or modify any condition of this provisional 
release or change the period of such supervision, which shall in no case exceed six months. The 
USAO-SDNY may discharge you from supervision at any time. The USAO-SDNY may at any 
time proceed with the prosecution for this offense should the USAO-SDNY, in its sole discretion, 
deem such action advisable. 
If upon completion of your supervision a written report from your supervising U.S. Pretrial 
Services Officer is received to the effect that you have complied with all the rules, regulations and 
conditions and special conditions applicable to your deferred prosecution, no further prosecution 
will be instituted in this District for the above offenses. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to preclude the BOP or the DOJ-OIG from 
taking any administrative action against you, including suspension or termination of employment, 
based on the facts alleged in the Indictment, the facts identified in the course of the investigation 
that led to the Indictment, or your own statements to the DOJ-OIG or any other law enforcement 
entity. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to require the BOP or the DOJ-OIG to delay 
- 2 - 
EFTA00009787
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 56 Filed 05/25/21 Page 3 of 5 
any administrative action until after the expiration of the period of deferment contemplated by this 
Agreement. You agree that a copy of this Agreement, including your admission and acceptance 
of responsibility, shall be provided to the BOP. 
If you successfully complete the term of supervision and fulfills all the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, the Government will move the Court to dismiss the Indictment as to 
the defendant. 
It is further understood that this Agreement and the terms and conditions set forth herein 
are limited to the facts and circumstances of this case and lack precedential value. 
Dated: New York, New York 
May 20, 2021 
AUDREY STRUASS 
United States Attorney for the 
Southern District of New York 
By: 
- 3 - 
j art.L*L. 
Nicolas Roos 
Jessica Lonergan 
Assistant United States Attorneys 
Tel.: 212-637-2421 / 1038 
EFTA00009788
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 56 Filed 05/25/21 Page 4 of 5 
The undersigned hereby consents to the foregoing. The undersigned hereby further admits 
that he willfully and knowingly completed materially false count and round slips regarding 
required counts and rounds in the Special Housing Unit of the Metropolitan Correctional Center 
("MCC") on August 9, 2019 and August 10, 2019. The undersigned expressly waives any and all 
rights to a speedy trial pursuant to the Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution, the 
Speedy Trial Act, §§ 3161 et seq., and any other pertinent provisions, and consents to the 
adjournment of all pending proceedings in this case. The undersigned further waives the 
applicable statute of limitations with respect to any prosecution that is not time-barred on the date 
that this agreement is signed. It is the intent of this provision to toll the applicable statute of 
limitations during the pendency of the deferred prosecution. 
The undersigned understands that pursuant to Title 18, United States Code, Section 
3161(h)(2), this Agreement is subject to approval by the Court. Should the Court refuse to 
approve, and thereby reject, this Agreement, neither party shall be bound to any term of this 
Agreement, and no admissions in this Agreement may be used against the undersigned. 
Finally, the undersigned acknowledges that he has read this Agreement and has carefully 
reviewed each provision with his attorney. The undersigned and his attorney acknowledge that no 
threats, promises, or representations have been made, nor agreements reached, other than those set 
forth in this Agreement. 
The undersigned further acknowledges that he understands and 
voluntarily accepts each and every term and condition of this Agreement. 
Dated: New York, New York 
May " 
2021 
fri011teil leff 
Mantel' Figgins (May , 021 15:49 EDT) 
Montell Figgins, Esq. 
Attorney for Defendant 
- 4 - 
Mich. 
, 1 .2021 16.04 EDT) 
Michael Thomas 
Defendant 
EFTA00009789
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 56 Filed 05/25/21 Page 5 of 5 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §3161(hX2), exclusion under the Speedy Trial Act of the period of 
time during which the prosecution of the defendant is deferred pursuant to this Agreement is 
hereby approved. 
Dated: New York, New York 
May 25 2021 
Honorable Analisa Torres 
United States District Judge 
The undersigned hereby consents to the foregoing and will accept supervision of the 
above-named defendant on the conditions set forth herein. 
Dated: New York, New York 
May 
, 2021 
Francesca 
Dire
 /signed'
Pi perato 
.04
Date
.00.2021.05241e3/36 
United States Pretrial Services Officer 
- 5 - 
EFTA00009790


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009791.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009791.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 65 Filed 0 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
NOLLE PROSEQUI 
Cr. 830 (AT) 
TOVA NOEL and 
MICHAEL THOMAS, 
Defendants. 
USDC S P Y 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC 4: 
DATE FILED: 1/3/2022 
1. 
The filing of this nolle prosequi will dispose of 
this case with respect to TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the 
defendants. 
2. 
On or about November 19, 2019, a grand jury sitting 
in this District returned Indictment 19 Cr. 830 (AT), which charged 
TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, with committing 
offenses against the United States, to wit, conspiring to knowingly 
defraud the United States and to knowingly make and use a false 
writing or document, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371, and knowingly 
making and using a false writing or document, in violation of 18 
U.S.C. § 1001. 
3. 
On or about May 20, 2021, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL 
THOMAS, 
the defendants, entered into deferred 
prosecution 
agreements with the Government. Under the agreements, prosecution 
was deferred for a period of six months during the term of NOEL's 
and THOMAS'S good behavior, completion of community service, and 
EFTA00009791
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 65 Filed 01/03/22 Page 2 of 3 
satisfactory compliance with the terms of the agreement. The United 
States Pretrial Services Office has informed the Government that 
NOEL and THOMAS have complied with the terms of the agreement 
during the period of deferral, which expired on November 20, 2021. 
4. 
In 
light 
of 
the 
foregoing, 
the 
Government 
recommends that an order of nolle prosequi be filed as to TOVA 
NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, with respect to Indictment 
Cr. 830 (AT). 
Dated: 
New York, New York 
December 13, 2021 
 aZ• 
Nicolas Roos 
Assistant United States Attorney 
(212) 637-2421 
EFTA00009792
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 65 Filed 01/03/22 Page 3 of 3 
Upon the foregoing recommendation, I hereby direct, with 
leave of the Court, that an order of nolle prosequi be filed as to 
defendants TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS with respect to Indictment 
Cr. 830 (AT). 
Dated: 
New York, New York 
December 13, 2021 
SO ORDERED. 
Dated: January 3.2022 
New York. New York 
illiams 
ed States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Or
ANALISA TORRES 
United States District Judge 
EFTA00009793


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009794.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009794.pdf
----------------------------------------
§ 2635.101 Basic obligation of public service., 5 C.F.R. § 2635.101 
Code of Federal Regulations 
Title 5. Administrative Personnel 
Chapter XVI. Office of Government Ethics 
Subchapter B. Government Ethics 
Part 2635. Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch (Refs & Annos) 
Subpart A. General Provisions 
C.F.R. § 2635.101 
§ 2635.101 Basic obligation of public service. 
Currentness 
(a) Public service is a public trust. Each employee has a responsibility to the United States Government and its citizens to 
place loyalty to the Constitution, laws and ethical principles above private gain. To ensure that every citizen can have complete 
confidence in the integrity of the Federal Government, each employee shall respect and adhere to the principles of ethical conduct 
set forth in this section, as well as the implementing standards contained in this part and in supplemental agency regulations. 
(b) General principles. The following general principles apply to every employee and may form the basis for the standards 
contained in this part. Where a situation is not covered by the standards set forth in this part, employees shall apply the principles 
set forth in this section in determining whether their conduct is proper. 
(1) Public service is a public trust, requiring employees to place loyalty to the Constitution. the laws and ethical principles 
above private gain. 
(2) Employees shall not hold financial interests that conflict with the conscientious performance of duty. 
(3) Employees shall not engage in financial transactions using nonpublic Government information or allow the improper 
use of such information to further any private interest. 
(4) An employee shall not, except as permitted by subpart B of this part, solicit or accept any gift or other item of monetary 
value from any person or entity seeking official action from, doing business with, or conducting activities regulated by 
the employee's agency, or whose interests may be substantially affected by the performance or nonperformance of the 
employee's duties. 
(5) Employees shall put forth honest effort in the performance of their duties. 
(6) Employees shall not knowingly make unauthorized commitments or promises of any kind purporting to bind the 
Government. 
(7) Employees shall not use public office for private gain. 
WESTLAW © 2022 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00009794
--- PAGE 2 ---
§ 2635.101 Basic obligation of public service., 5 C.F.R. § 2635.101 
(8) Employees shall act impartially and not give preferential treatment to any private organization or individual. 
(9) Employees shall protect and conserve Federal property and shall not use it for other than authorized activities. 
(10) Employees shall not engage in outside employment or activities, including seeking or negotiating for employment, 
that conflict with official Government duties and responsibilities. 
(II) Employees shall disclose waste, fraud, abuse, and corruption to appropriate authorities. 
(12) Employees shall satisfy in good faith their obligations as citizens, including all just financial obligations, especially 
those—such as Federal, State, or local taxes—that are imposed by law. 
(13) Employees shall adhere to all laws and regulations that provide equal opportunity for all Americans regardless of 
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or handicap. 
(14) Employees shall endeavor to avoid any actions creating the appearance that they are violating the law or the ethical 
standards set forth in this part. Whether particular circumstances create an appearance that the law or these standards have 
been violated shall be determined from the perspective of a reasonable person with knowledge of the relevant facts. 
(c) Related statutes. In addition to the standards of ethical conduct set forth in this part, there are conflict of interest statutes 
that prohibit certain conduct. Criminal conflict of interest statutes of general applicability to all employees, 18 U.S.C. 201, 203, 
205, 208, and 209, are summarized in the appropriate subparts of this part and must be taken into consideration in determining 
whether conduct is proper. Citations to other generally applicable statutes relating to employee conduct are set forth in subpart 
I and employees are further cautioned that there may be additional statutory and regulatory restrictions applicable to them 
generally or as employees of their specific agencies. Because an employee is considered to be on notice of the requirements 
of any statute, an employee should not rely upon any description or synopsis of a statutory restriction, but should refer to the 
statute itself and obtain the advice of an agency ethics official as needed. 
SOURCE: 57 FR 35041, Aug. 7, 1992; 62 FR 48747, Sept. 17, 1997, unless otherwise noted. 
AUTHORITY: 5 U.S.C. 7301, 7351, 7353; 5 U.S.C. App. (Ethics in Government Act of 1978); E.O. 12674, 54 FR 15159, 3 
CFR, 1989 Comp., p. 215, as modified by E.O. 12731, 55 FR 42547, 3 CFR, 1990 Comp., p. 306. 
Notes of Decisions (41) 
Current through Nov. 14, 2022, 87 FR 68310. Some sections may be more current. See credits for details. 
End of Document 
t 2022 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2022 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00009795


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009796.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009796.pdf
----------------------------------------
§ 2635.705 Use of official time., 5 C.F.R. § 2635.705 
Code of Federal Regulations 
Title 5. Administrative Personnel 
Chapter XVI. Office of Government Ethics 
Subchapter B. Government Ethics 
Part 2635. Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch (Refs & Annos) 
Subpart G. Misuse of Position 
C.F.R. § 2635.705 
§ 2635.705 Use of official time. 
Currentness 
(a) Use of an employee's own time. Unless authorized in accordance with law or regulations to use such time for other purposes. 
an employee shall use official time in an honest effort to perform official duties. An employee not under a leave system, including 
a Presidential appointee exempted under 5 U.S.C. 6301(2), has an obligation to expend an honest effort and a reasonable 
proportion of his time in the performance of official duties. 
Example I: An employee of the Social Security Administration may use official time to engage in certain representational 
activities on behalf of the employee union of which she is a member. Under 5 U.S.C. 7131, this is a proper use of her official 
time even though it does not involve performance of her assigned duties as a disability claims examiner. 
Example 2: A pharmacist employed by the Department of Veterans Affairs has been granted excused absence to participate 
as a speaker in a conference on drug abuse sponsored by the professional association to which he belongs. Although excused 
absence granted by an agency in accordance with guidance in chapter 630 of the Federal Personnel Manual allows an employee 
to be absent from his official duties without charge to his annual leave account, such absence is not on official time. 
(b) Use of a subordinate's time. An employee shall not encourage, direct, coerce, or request a subordinate to use official time 
to perform activities other than those required in the performance of official duties or authorized in accordance with law or 
regulation. 
Example 1: An employee of the Department of Housing and Urban Development may not ask his secretary to type his personal 
correspondence during duty hours. Further, directing or coercing a subordinate to perform such activities during nonduty hours 
constitutes an improper use of public office for private gain in violation of § 2635.702(a). Where the arrangement is entirely 
voluntary and appropriate compensation is paid, the secretary may type the correspondence at home on her own time. Where 
the compensation is not adequate, however, the arrangement would involve a gift to the superior in violation of the standards 
in subpart C of this part. 
SOURCE: 57 FR 3504I, Aug. 7, 1992; 62 FR 48747, Sept. 17, 1997, unless otherwise noted. 
AUTHORITY: 5 U.S.C. 7301, 7351, 7353; 5 U.S.C. App. (Ethics in Government Act of 1978); E.O. 12674, 54 FR 15159, 3 
CFR, 1989 Comp., p. 215, as modified by E.O. 12731, 55 FR 42547, 3 CFR, 1990 Comp., p. 306. 
Notes of Decisions ( 1) 
WESTLAW © 2022 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00009796
--- PAGE 2 ---
§ 2635.705 Use of official time., 5 C.F.R. § 2635.705 
Current through Nov. 14, 2022, 87 FR 68310. Some sections may be more current. See credits for details. 
End of Document 
s.2022 Thomson Reuters. No chin, to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2022 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00009797


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009798.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009798.pdf
----------------------------------------
§ 2635.704 Use of Government property., 5 C.F.R. § 2635.704 
Code of Federal Regulations 
Title 5. Administrative Personnel 
Chapter XVI. Office of Government Ethics 
Subchapter B. Government Ethics 
Part 2635. Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch (Refs & Annos) 
Subpart G. Misuse of Position 
C.F.R. § 2635.704 
§ 2635.704 Use of Government property. 
Currentness 
(a) Standard. An employee has a duty to protect and conserve Government property and shall not use such property, or allow 
its use, for other than authorized purposes. 
(b) Definitions. For purposes of this section: 
(1) Government property includes any form of real or personal property in which the Government has an ownership, 
leasehold, or other property interest as well as any right or other intangible interest that is purchased with Government funds, 
including the services of contractor personnel. The term includes office supplies, telephone and other telecommunications 
equipment and services, the Government mails, automated data processing capabilities, printing and reproduction facilities, 
Government records, and Government vehicles. 
(2) Authorized purposes are those purposes for which Government property is made available to members of the public 
or those purposes authorized in accordance with law or regulation. 
Example I: Under regulations of the General Services Administration at 41 CFR 101-35.201, an employee may make a personal 
long distance call charged to her personal calling card. 
Example 2: An employee of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission whose office computer gives him access to a 
commercial service providing information for investors may not use that service for personal investment research. 
Example 3: In accordance with Office of Personnel Management regulations at part 251 of this title, an attorney employed by 
the Department of Justice may be permitted to use her office word processor and agency photocopy equipment to prepare a 
paper to be presented at a conference sponsored by a professional association of which she is a member. 
Credits 
[62 FR 48748, Sept. 17, 1997] 
SOURCE: 57 FR 35041, Aug. 7, 1992; 62 FR 48747, Sept. 17, 1997, unless otherwise noted. 
WESTLAW © 2022 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00009798
--- PAGE 2 ---
§ 2635.704 Use of Government property., 5 C.F.R. § 2635.704 
AUTHORITY: 5 U.S.C. 7301, 7351, 7353; 5 U.S.C. App. (Ethics in Government Act of 1978); E.O. 12674, 54 FR 15159, 3 
CFR, 1989 Comp., p. 215, as modified by E.O. 12731, 55 FR 42547, 3 CFR, 1990 Comp., p. 306. 
Notes of Decisions (6) 
Current through Nov. 14, 2022, 87 FR 68310. Some sections may be more current. See credits for details. 
End of Document 
C 2022 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WESTLAW © 2022 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
EFTA00009799


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009800.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009800.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: MCC: AP sources: Feds investigate contraband flow at Epstein jail 
Date: Thu, 05 Mar 2020 22:36:45 +0000 
AP sources: Feds investigate contraband flow at Epstein jail 
By MICHAEL BALSAMO and MICHAEL R. SISAK March 5, 2020 GMT 
AP sources: Feds investigate contraband flow at Epstein jail 
FILE- This March 12, 2009 photo shows the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York City. The federal jail in New York 
City where wealthy financier Jeffrey Epstein took his own life is on lockdown as authorities try to determine whether 
someone smuggled a gun inside one of the most secure federal jails in the country. That's according to two people 
familiar with the matter who spoke Friday to The Associated Press. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) 
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Justice Department has opened a criminal investigation into potential misconduct by guards as 
officials keep inmates locked down at the federal jail in New York where financier Jeffrey Epstein killed himself over the 
summer, people familiar with the matter told The Associated Press. 
The investigation at the Metropolitan Correctional Center is focusing on the flow of contraband into one of the most 
secure jails in America and is being led by federal prosecutors from the U.S. attorney's office in Manhattan, the people 
said. They were not authorized to discuss the investigation publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity. 
The criminal investigation comes as inmates have remained locked in their cells without access to their lawyers a week 
after authorities began tossing cells in search of a possible gun that so far they've been unable to find. The investigation 
started after jail officials received information that a gun may have been smuggled into the Manhattan lockup. Since then, 
officials have canceled all visitation at the jail, which houses about 700 inmates. There are no signs of the lockdown 
ending anytime soon. 
The lockdown is just the latest crisis at the jail where Epstein died by suicide in August. Federal prosecutors allege that the 
two correctional officers assigned to watch Epstein's unit were snoozing and shopping on the internet, and later forged 
records to make it look like they checked in on him. 
All visitors and inmates are searched before entering the facility and go through metal detectors. They are supposed to 
leave personal belongings outside the jail. All mail is also screened by correctional staff. A gun smuggled inside would be a 
major security breach. 
In the past few days, officers have searched the facility and uncovered a sizable amount of contraband, including 
cellphones, but no gun has not been found, the people said. Investigators are trying to determine how the contraband has 
been entering into the facility. 
The Bureau of Prisons said the jail is on "modified operations" because of the investigation. The bureau provided no 
estimate for when normal operations could resume, raising legal concerns because the jail houses pretrial inmates while 
EFTA00009800
--- PAGE 2 ---
their cases are ongoing. 
In a statement to the AP, the agency said it must "take the time needed to complete a thorough investigation while 
actively working to return the facility to normal operations as soon as possible." 
David Patton, executive director and chief attorney of the Federal Defenders of New York, said it's a violation of inmates' 
constitutional rights to deny them visits with their lawyers. He also said it has affected legal proceedings. 
"Sentencings are being delayed. Hearings are being delayed," Patton said. "But the MCC acts as though it's perfectly fine 
for them to just shut down the entire institution to look for contraband. It's just not acceptable. They've got to be able to 
walk and chew gum at the same time." 
Patton said federal prison officials have refused to provide information about what has prompted the current lockdown, 
other than saying it is for "security concerns." They have not told the federal defenders that they are searching for a gun, 
he said. 
Patton said the chief judge in the Southern District of New York has been working with the U.S. Marshals Service to bring a 
small number of people to the courthouse for individual meetings with lawyers, but they're capped at just five per day. 
"It's just not nearly sufficient to deal with the need," he said. 
The agency said Thursday that it arranged for additional staff from other parts of the U.S. to assist in the investigation and 
ensure there is appropriate staffing at the jail. The agency said it "has maintained communication with stakeholders as 
needed" and held a meeting with the chief federal judge and pubic defender in Manhattan, along with prosecutors, the 
Marshals Service and probation officials. 
The agency also said it has discussed a plan to resume legal visits at the jail on Friday and expects to allow full legal 
visitation by next week. Visits with family members could resume as soon as this week, officials added. 
"The Bureau has been working closely with the stakeholders throughout this period to ensure those defendants with 
imminent court deadlines have the legal visits with their legal counsel as needed," the statement said. 
Inmates are being locked down for 24 hours a day and lawyers have been told that on some units the prisoners are being 
denied showers and being given cold meals in their cells. One inmate reported receiving peanut butter and jelly 
sandwiches for every meal since last Thursday. 
The bureau said inmates are on a periodic shower rotation, except for those in special housing units, who remain on a 
regular schedule. 
"All inmates have access to medical care and appointments and medical staff continue normal rounds on every floor," BOP 
said. 
Public Affairs 
United States Department of Justice 
U.S. Attorney's Office I Southern District of New York 
EFTA00009801


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009802.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009802.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: aSANYS)" 
Cc: ' 
Subject: FW: Epstein search warrant documents 
Date: Mon, 09 Mar 2020 16:01:54 +0000 
(USANYS)" 
IS 
Notwithstanding their many promises to us about quick and effective processing of the 60+ devices they seized, the FBI is 
completely fucking us on this. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, March 09, 2020 12:00 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
<a; 
Unfortunately I don't think this is very helpful to us. Did you take a look at the example spreadsheet I sent on 2/24? The 
excel file you sent has descriptions that don't match up to the items listed in the search warrant returns (that we sent on 
2/23), and we don't have the 1B or CART numbers to be able to cross-reference. We also can't tell what you mean by 
"loose media" without a specific comparison to what was seized, we don't know which items you're referring to as 
"Windows machines," and we can't tell whether the entirety of any particular item has been transferred, or just partial. 
For example, it looks like we have gotten very, very few image files, which is surprising. 
We have also encountered some very significant problems in trying to review the more than 1 million documents we 
recently received: 
The data we've received has no way to put any emails and attachments together. So if an email says, "see the 
attached flight records," for example, we have no way of linking that up with the records themselves. Not only is 
that a big problem for us in review, it's going to be a huge problem for producing the documents to defense 
counsel. 
The load file has no link to the native file, so when we load the data to the database, there's no way to have the 
native files show up in the database. Because many of the files are too large to open in the viewer, it effectively 
means that there are many files that are completely invisible to us. 
Related, the control numbers in the load file don't match up to the native files. So we have two sets of numbers 
and no way to match up anything—that is, even if we were to try to go hunt down every individual large file in the 
native files, it would be impossible. 
So the data that we most recently got, we need to get in a form that addresses those issues, and we likely will need to get 
a similar reproduction of the data we received a couple months ago. Otherwise we're sifting through more than a million 
documents without much rhyme or reason. 
EFTA00009802
--- PAGE 2 ---
I've re-attached the spreadsheet we sent last week — I think that's a good place to start in terms of our necessary record-
keeping, and we need that info at the very least, as well as anything else you think would be useful. Also attaching the SW 
returns for reference. And again, we're happy to meet up anytime and hash all this out in person if that's useful. 
thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, March 04, 2020 16:36 
To: 
<
M> 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
(USANYS) 
)<
Here is a listing of what I have already handed over in load files to the US Attorney's Office for taint review. Some points of 
clarification: There were 9 IDE hard drives found in the Manhattan apartment, they turned out to be 3 copies of 3 drives 
(9 drives in total) from a July 2007 search on one of his properties. I only processed 3 (as they were all copies). All the 
loose media from the NY apartment is included. All the Windows machines from the NY apartment are included. Only 2 
Macs from NY and 1 from the Island are included. 
I will have to more closely coordinate with whoever is loading up Relativity with the remaining Macs as the tool 
they have to be processed with does not easily re-name the load files. 
Spreadsheet is attached. 
(office) 
(cell) 
From: 
) [mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 12:25 PM 
To: 
) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) eS> 
<Christopher.Rozier@usdoj.gov>•
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
I could do Thursday morning, but I think it would be helpful for us to get the accounting in advance of the meeting so we 
can figure out in advance what (if any) additional steps we need — is that possible? 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 09:59 
To: 
(USANYS) 
<as 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
EFTA00009803
--- PAGE 3 ---
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
Can we do Thursday morning? My network should be back by then and I can give you a good accounting. 
On Mar 2, 2020 11:15 AM, ' 
wrote: 
Doing the weekly check in on this — is there a time this week when everyone can meet on this? 
thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 17:38 
To: 
) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) 
< 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
Totally understand about the network issues—we can relate. I do still think it will be helpful to all sit down together to 
have an in-person discussion, to make sure everybody is on the same page. Are folks available for that next week? And 
what I think would be most helpful to facilitate that would be a spreadsheet of each separate device referenced in the two 
search warrant returns, with columns for whether we've dumped the contents, whether they've been reviewed and/or 
transferred, what portions were transferred, etc. 
Something roughly like the attached, with any other categories you think would be useful — and the info on the attached is 
mostly hypothetical, obviously, just as examples. That will help us fully understand what's been reviewed, transferred, 
and received so far, and what remains. 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — I think FBI 
was going to do an initial screen to make sure no CP, and since I think the answer was no, we'll need to get those to be 
able to review them as well.) 
many thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 09:24 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
<
> 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
) <a; 
EFTA00009804
--- PAGE 4 ---
Sony for the delayed response. They are tearing out our old network and giving us a new one, they mandated we 
delete old stuff (about 400 TB worth). Now that they are working on replacing the network, we can do only local 
work. I should be able to give you an accounting of what is what. I can say, off the top of my head, that all 
windows based items from the NY search have been handed over as well as all loose media. The CDs from NY 
only contained pictures, no documents. There are still some Apple items from NY that need to be produced. As 
far as the Island stuff goes, the 1st item on your spreadsheet, the "kitchen" mac has been produced. Still working 
on the rest. 
cell 
desk 
On Feb 23, 2020 12:21 AM, " 
Team, 
> wrote: 
Following up on the below from last weekend, I'm still not sure how we're addressing this so I thought it would make 
sense for us to all schedule a (hopefully relatively brief) meeting to all get on the same page? We didn't hear back on 
which files had previously been provided, but our tech folks did their best to differentiate, and we got access to the 
materials yesterday and its well over a million documents, and we don't have any idea what we're looking at — i.e., which 
devices the materials came from, whether it's full or partial results, how many more devices we have coming, etc. 
Based on the attached search warrant returns, it looks like from the New York mansion (the PDF) there are approximately 
devices that would have storage (computers, hard drives, thumb drives, etc.) and that's not even counting at least 60+ 
CDs. And then from the Virgin Islands (the Excel spreadsheet), at least more than 25 devices, including multiple servers / 
server racks. 
So we gotta know what we've already received, what remains, anticipated schedule, etc, and I know it's a lot of moving 
pieces on all sides so wanted to loop in everybody at once. The case team will be in California this coming week from 
Tuesday through Friday, but then I think generally around the first week of March, which will hopefully be plenty of time 
to schedule a productive meeting. 
thanks all, 
From: 
Sent: Saturday, February 15, 2020 16:30 
To: 
) 'c
"; 
Cc: 
C
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
I'm not sure who's the exact right person to ask this, so wanted to get everybody on one email chain about it — I have the 
hard drive that 
dropped off that has new Epstein search warrant materials, but it looks like there are also old 
materials (that I think we had previously received and uploaded??) on the hard drive, and so I'm not sure what's new. 
Just generally, and 
and I talked about this last week too, but it's basically impossible for us to keep track of what 
we're getting, and what has been completed, without some kind of identification or labeling system, along with a list of 
which devices have been extracted and downloaded. 
EFTA00009805
--- PAGE 5 ---
So for example on the hard drive currently, there are 38 folders labeled "loadFiles" through "37loadFiles" with a modified 
date of 11/14/19, which I think we may have already previously received — but I'm not sure, because we haven't gotten 
any info on which folders match up to which devices, etc. And then there's another folder titled "NYC024362" that has a 
modified date of 1/27/20, so I think that may be the materials we hadn't previously received? That folder by itself has 
more than 600,000 items. 
I don't want to give 
anything that we've already previously received and uploaded, and I can't tell from the folder or 
file names whether everything on the drive is new, or whether just additional materials were saved onto it in addition to 
what we already have. =, 
are you able to give us some guidance on this? Ultimately what we really need is a 
spreadsheet of every device, whether it's been dumped (or partially dumped), and then identifying that same info —
which device, and what materials from it — are being given to us with each data transfer. Otherwise I think 
organizationally and for review purposes it will be a total disaster for us. 
We're happy to have a meeting on this if that's helpful — and thanks everybody for the assistance. 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00009806


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009807.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009807.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: ' 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Mon, 09 Mar 2020 19:50:30 +0000 
Hi .- 
looping in 
From: 
Sent: Monday, March 9, 2020 3:39 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
you can send to him. Thanks! 
Hi 
Can you let me know who's handling the Epstein investigation? I want to forward a letter we received. 
Thanks, 
EFTA00009807


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009808.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009808.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIAs 
Date: Wed, 11 Mar 2020 13:38:05 +0000 
Attachments: 2019.07.02_Indictment_Jeffrey_Epstein.pdf 
HIM, 
Not a problem. I've attached the indictment. The other filings are on docket 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)— please let me know if 
you'd like me to download anything else. Here are the materials on our website: 
https://www.justice.goviusao-sdny/prheffrey-epstein-charged-manhattan-federal-court-sex-trafficking-minors 
https://www.justice.goviusao-sdnyiprograms/victim-witness-services/united-states-v-jeffrey-epstein-19-cr-490-rmb 
https://www.justice.goviusao-sdny/pristatement-manhattan-us-attorney-death-defendant-jeffrey-epstein 
As for other items in our possession that are public, we have both a selection of filings from civil cases that we pulled from 
public dockets (though I would not necessarily want to reveal which civil suits we tracked), as well as a copy of the FOIA 
production that FBI Palm Beach produced regarding the initial investigation. 
Thanks, 
From 
Sent: Tuesday, March 10, 2020 6:23 PM 
To: 
Subject: Epstein FOlAs 
further to the little meeting we had a couple weeks ago, could you kindly pull together the Epstein press 
releases and charges and anything else we made public? (I don't think you need to download everything from the 
docket, tho.) 
Associate U.S. Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00009808


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009809.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009809.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Page 1 of 14 
ORIGINAL 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
x. 
SEALED 
INDICTMENT 
Cr. 
19CRIM 490 
COUNT ONE 
(Sex Trafficking Conspiracy 
The Grand Jury charges: 
OVERVIEW 
1. 
As set forth herein, over the course of many 
years, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, sexually exploited and 
abused dozens of minor girls at his homes in Manhattan, New .
York, and Palm Beach, Florida, among other locations. 
2. 
In particular, from at least in or about 2002, up 
to and including at least in or about 2005, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
defendant, enticed and recruited, and caused to be enticed and 
recruited, minor girls to visit his mansion in Manhattan, New 
York (the "New York Residence") and his estate in Palm Beach, 
Florida (the "Palm Beach Residence") to engage in sex acts with 
him, after which he would give the victims hundreds of dollars 
in cash. Moreover, and in order to maintain and increase his 
supply of victims, EPSTEIN also paid certain of his victims to 
recruit additional girls to be similarly abused by EPSTEIN. In 
EFTA00009809
--- PAGE 2 ---
base 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Page 2 of 14 
this way, EPSTEIN created a vast network of underage victims for 
him to sexually exploit in locations including New York and 
Palm Beach. 
3. 
The victims described herein were as young as 14 
years old at the time they were abused by JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
defendant, and were, for various reasons, often particularly 
vulnerable to exploitation. EPSTEIN intentionally sought out 
minors and knew that many of his victims were in fact under the 
age of 18, including because, in some instances, minor victims 
expressly told him their age. 
4. 
in creating and maintaining this network of minor 
victims in multiple states to sexually abuse and exploit, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, worked and conspired with 
others, including employees and associates who facilitated his 
conduct by, among other things, contacting victims and 
scheduling their sexual encounters with EPSTEIN at the New York 
Residence and at the Palm Beach Residence. 
FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
5. 
During all time periods charged in this 
Indictment, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, was a financier with 
multiple residences in the continental United States, including 
the New York Residence and the Palm Beach Residence. 
6. 
Beginning in at least 2002, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
defendant, enticed and recruited, and caused to be enticed and 
EFTA00009810
--- PAGE 3 ---
t 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Page 3 of 14 
recruited, dozens of minor girls to engage in sex acts with him, 
after which EPSTEIN paid the victims hundreds of dollars in 
cash, at the New York Residence and the Palm Beach Residence. 
7. 
In both New York and Florida, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
the defendant, perpetuated this abuse in similar ways. Victims 
were initially recruited to provide "massages" to EPSTEIN, which 
would be performed nude or partially nude, would become 
increasingly sexual in nature, and would typically include one 
or more sex acts. EPSTEIN paid his victims hundreds of dollars 
in cash for each encounter. Moreover, EPSTEIN actively 
encouraged certain of his victims to recruit additional girls to 
be similarly sexually abused. EPSTEIN incentivized his victims 
to become recruiters by paying these victim-recruiters hundreds 
of dollars for each girl that they brought to EPSTEIN. In so 
doing, EPSTEIN maintained a steady supply of new victims to 
exploit. 
The New York Residence 
8. 
At all times relevant to this Indictment, JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN, the defendant, possessed and controlled a multi-story 
private residence on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York, 
i.e., the New York Residence. Between at least in or about 2002 
and in or about 2005, EPSTEIN abused numerous minor victims at 
the New York Residence by causing these victims to be recruited 
to engage in paid sex acts with him. 
EFTA00009811
--- PAGE 4 ---
T 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Page 4 of 14 
9. 
When a victim arrived at the New York Residence, 
she typically would be escorted to a room with a massage table, 
where she would perform a massage on JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
defendant. The victims, who were as young as 14 years of age, 
were told by EPSTEIN or other individuals to partially or fully 
undress before beginning the "massage." During the encounter, 
EPSTEIN would escalate the nature and scope of physical contact 
with his victim to include, among other things, sex acts such as 
groping and direct and indirect contact with the victim's 
genitals. EPSTEIN typically would also masturbate during these 
sexualized encounters, ask victims to touch him while he 
masturbated, and touch victims' genitals with his hands or with 
sex toys. 
10. In connection with each sexual encounter, JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN, the defendant, or one of his employees or associates, 
paid the victim in cash. Victims typically were paid hundreds 
of dollars in cash for each encounter. 
11. JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, knew that many of 
his New York victims were underage, including because certain 
victims told him their age. Further, once these minor victims 
were recruited, many were abused by EPSTEIN on multiple 
subsequent occasions at the New York Residence. EPSTEIN 
sometimes personally contacted victims to schedule appointments 
at the New York Residence. In other instances, EPSTEIN directed 
EFTA00009812
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Page 5 of 14 
employees and associates, including a New York-based employee 
("Employee-I"), to communicate with victims via phone to arrange 
for these victims to return to the New York Residence for 
additional sexual encounters with EPSTEIN. 
12. Additionally, and to further facilitate his 
ability to abuse minor girls in New York, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
defendant, asked and enticed certain of his victims to recruit 
additional girls to perform "massages" and similarly engage in 
sex acts with EPSTEIN. When a victim would recruit another girl 
for EPSTEIN, he paid both the victim-recruiter and the new 
victim hundreds of dollars in cash. Through these victim-
recruiters, EPSTEIN gained access to and was able to abuse 
dozens of additional minor girls. 
13. In particular, certain recruiters brought dozens 
of additional minor girls to the New York Residence to give 
massages to and engage in sex acts with JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
defendant. EPSTEIN encouraged victims to recruit additional 
girls by offering to pay these victim-recruiters for every 
additional girl they brought to EPSTEIN. When a victim-
recruiter accompanied a new minor victim to the New York 
Residence, both the victim-recruiter and the new minor victim 
were paid hundreds of dollars by EPSTEIN for each encounter. In 
addition, certain victim-recruiters routinely scheduled these 
EFTA00009813
--- PAGE 6 ---
•• 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Page 6 of 14 
encounters through Employee-1, who sometimes asked the 
recruiters to bring a specific minor girl for EPSTEIN. 
The Palm Beach Residence 
14. In addition to recruiting and abusing minor girls 
in New York, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, created a similar 
network of minor girls to victimize in Palm Beach, Florida, 
where EPSTEIN owned, possessed and controlled another large 
residence, i.e., the Palm Beach Residence. EPSTEIN frequently 
traveled from New York to Palm Beach by private jet, before 
which an employee or associate would ensure that minor victims 
were available for encounters upon his arrival in Florida. 
15. At the Palm Beach Residence, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
defendant, engaged in a similar course of abusive conduct. 
When a victim initially arrived at the Palm Beach Residence, she 
would be escorted to a room, sometimes by an employee of 
EPSTE1N's, including, at times, two assistants ("Employee-2" and 
"Employee-3") who, as described herein, were also responsible 
for scheduling sexual encounters with minor victims. Once 
inside, the victim would provide a nude or semi-nude massage for 
EPSTEIN, who would himself typically be naked. During these 
encounters, EPSTEIN would escalate the nature and scope of the 
physical contact to include sex acts such as groping and direct 
and indirect contact with the victim's genitals. EPSTEIN would 
also typically masturbate during these encounters, ask victims 
EFTA00009814
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Page 7 of 14 
to touch him while he masturbated, and touch victims' genitals 
with his hands or with sex toys. 
16. In connection with each sexual encounter, JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN, the defendant, or one of his employees or associates, 
paid the victim in cash. Victims typically were paid hundreds 
of dollars for each encounter. 
17. JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, knew that certain 
of his victims were underage, including because certain victims 
told him their age. In addition, as with New York-based 
victims, many Florida victims, once recruited, were abused by 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, on multiple additional 
occasions. 
18. JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, who during the 
relevant time period was frequently in New York, would arrange 
for Employee-2 or other employees to contact victims by phone in 
advance of EPSTEIN's travel to Florida to ensure appointments 
were scheduled for when he arrived. In particular, in certain 
instances, Employee-2 placed phone calls to minor victims in 
Florida to schedule encounters at the Palm Beach Residence. At 
the time of certain of those phone calls, EPSTEIN and Employee-2 
were in New York, New York. Additionally, certain of the 
individuals victimized at the Palm Beach Residence were 
contacted by phone by Employee-3 to schedule these encounters. 
EFTA00009815
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Page 8 of 14 
19. Moreover, as in New York, to ensure a steady 
stream of minor victims, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, asked 
and enticed certain victims in Florida to recruit other girls to 
engage in sex acts. EPSTEIN paid hundreds of dollars to victim-
recruiters for each additional girl they brought to the Palm 
Beach Residence. 
STATUTORY ALLEGATIONS 
20. From at least in or about 2002, up to and 
including in or about 2005, in the Southern District of New York 
and elsewhere, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, and others known 
and unknown, willfully and knowingly did combine, conspire, 
confederate, and agree together and with each other to commit an 
offense against the United States, to wit, sex trafficking of 
minors, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 
1591(a) and (b). 
21. It was a part and object of the conspiracy that 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, and others known and unknown, 
would and did, in and affecting interstate and foreign commerce, 
recruit, entice, harbor, transport, provide, and obtain, by any 
means a person, and to benefit, financially and by receiving 
anything of value, from participation in a venture which has 
engaged in any such act, knowing that the person had not 
attained the age of 18 years and would be caused to engage in a 
z 
EFTA00009816
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Page 9 of 14 
commercial sex act, in violation of Title 18, United States 
Code, Sections 1591(a) and (b)(2). 
Overt Acts 
22. In furtherance of the conspiracy and to effect 
the illegal object thereof, the following overt acts, among 
others, were committed in the Southern District of New York and 
elsewhere: 
a. 
In or about 2004, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
defendant, enticed and recruited multiple minor victims, 
including minor victims identified herein as Minor Victim-1, 
Minor Victim-2, and Minor Victim-3, to engage in sex acts with 
EPSTEIN at his residences in Manhattan, New York, and Palm 
Beach, Florida, after which he provided them with hundreds of 
dollars in cash for each encounter. 
b. 
In or about 2002, Minor Victim-1 was 
recruited to engage in sex acts with EPSTEIN and was repeatedly 
sexually abused by EPSTEIN at the New York Residence over a 
period of years and was paid hundreds of dollars for each 
encounter. EPSTEIN also encouraged and enticed Minor Victim-1 
to recruit other girls to engage in paid sex acts, which she 
did. EPSTEIN asked Minor Victim-1 how old she was, and Minor 
Victim-1 answered truthfully. 
c. 
In or about 2004, Employee-1, located in the 
Southern District of New York, and on behalf of EPSTEIN, placed 
EFTA00009817
--- PAGE 10 ---
e 
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Page 10 of 14 
a telephone call to Minor Victim-1 in order to schedule an 
appointment for Minor Victim-1 to engage in paid sex acts with 
EPSTEIN. 
d. 
In or about 2004, Minor Victim-2 was 
recruited to engage in sex acts with EPSTEIN and was repeatedly 
sexually abused by EPSTEIN at the Palm Beach Residence over a 
period of years and was paid hundreds of dollars after each 
encounter. EPSTEIN also encouraged and enticed Minor Victim-2 
to recruit other girls to engage in paid sex acts, which she 
did. 
e. 
In or about 2005, Employee-2, located in the 
Southern District of New York, and on behalf of EPSTEIN, placed 
a telephone call to Minor Victim-2 in order to schedule an 
appointment for Minor Victim-2 to engage in paid sex acts with 
EPSTEIN. 
f. 
In or about 2005, Minor Victim-3 was 
recruited to engage in sex acts with EPSTEIN and was repeatedly 
sexually abused by EPSTEIN at the Palm Beach Residence over a 
period of years and was paid hundreds of dollars for each 
encounter. EPSTEIN also encouraged and enticed Minor Victim-3 
to recruit other girls to engage in paid sex acts, which she 
did. EPSTEIN asked Minor Victim-3 how old she was, and Minor 
Victim-3 answered truthfully. 
EFTA00009818
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Page 11 of 14 
g. 
In or about 2005, Employee-2, located in the 
Southern District of New York, and on behalf of EPSTEIN, placed 
a telephone call to Minor Victim-3 in Florida in order to 
schedule an appointment for Minor Victim-3 to engage in paid sex 
acts with EPSTEIN. 
h. 
In or about 2004, Employee-3 placed a 
telephone call to Minor Victim-3 in order to schedule an 
appointment for Minor Victim-3 to engage in paid sex acts with 
EPSTEIN. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 371.) 
COUNT TWO 
(Sex Trafficking) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
23. The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 19 and 22 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged 
as if fully set forth within. 
24. From at least in or about 2002, up to and 
including in or about 2005, in the Southern District of New 
York, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, willfully and knowingly, 
in and affecting interstate and foreign commerce, did recruit, 
entice, harbor, transport, provide, and obtain by any means a 
person, knowing that the person had not attained the age of 18 
years and would be caused to engage in a commercial sex act, and 
did aid and abet the same, to wit, EPSTEIN recruited, enticed, 
harbored, transported, provided, and obtained numerous 
EFTA00009819
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Rade 12 of 14 
individuals•who were less than 18 years old, including but not 
limited to Minor Victim-1, as described above, and who were then 
caused to engage in at least one commercial sex act in 
Manhattan, New York. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1591(a). 
(b) (2), and 2.) 
FORFEITURE ALLEGATIONS 
25. As a result of committing the offense alleged in 
Count Two of this Indictment, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, 
shall forfeit to the United States, pursuant to Title 18, United 
States Code, Section 1594(c)(1), any property, real and 
personal, that was used or intended to be used to commit or to 
facilitate the commission of the offense alleged in Count Two, 
and any property, real or personal, constituting or derived from 
any proceeds obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of 
the offense alleged in Count Two, or any property traceable to 
such property, and the following specific property: 
a. 
The lot or parcel of land, together with its 
buildings, appurtenances, improvements, fixtures, attachments 
and easements, located at 9 East 71st Street, New York, New 
York, with block number 1386 and lot number 10, owned by 
Maple, Inc. 
EFTA00009820
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Page 13 of 14 
Substitute Asset Provision 
26. If any of the above-described forfeitable 
property, as a result of any act or omission of the defendant: 
(a) cannot be located upon the exercise of due diligence; 
(b) has been transferred or sold to, or deposited with, a 
third person; 
(c) has been placed beyond the jurisdiction of the Court; 
(d) has been substantially diminished in value; or 
(e) has been commingled with other property which cannot 
be subdivided without difficulty; 
it is the intent of the United States, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 
853(p) and 28 U.S.C. S 2461(c), to seek forfeiture of any 
other property of the defendant up to the value of the above 
forfeitable property. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 1594; Title 21, 
United States Code, Section 853(p); and 
Title 28, United States Code, Section 2461.) 
GEOFFREY . BERMAN 
United States Attorney 
EFTA00009821
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 2 Filed 07/02/19 Page 14 of 14 
Form No. USA-33s-274 (Ed. 9-25-58) 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
INDICTMENT 
(18 U.S.C. §§ 371, 1591(a), (b)(2), 
and 2) 
EFTA00009822


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009823.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009823.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: ' 
Cc: " 
Subject: RE: 
: Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's 
Friendship with Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call" 
Date: Wed, 11 Mar 2020 23:04:47 +0000 
This had Prince Andrew, Prince Harry and Megan Markel in the same story. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 7:03 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call" 
Nothing that I recall even comes close. For context, a really important WSJ or Times articles average about 
S250-500k. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 11, 2020, at 6:48 PM, 
> wrote: 
Has any other article come close to that? An estimated 231,333,672 readers. 
Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 6:25 PM 
To: 
Subject: FW: 
Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call" 
Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with 
This article is estimated to have over $4M in publicity value. Insane. 
From: Critical Mention <alertPcriticalmention.com>
Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 6:02 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Epstein in Prank Phone Call" 
: Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey 
EFTA00009823
--- PAGE 2 ---
,,Critical Mention 
You're always on it with Critical Mention. 
new mention 
Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey 
Epstein in Prank Phone Call 
Source Yahoo Lifestyle 
Market United States 
+ Add to Report
View More Mentions 
Critical Mention allows users to search global TV. Radio. Online News & Social from the United States. Canada. and Europe. watch video. edit 
and share coverage. receive real-time email alerts, build reports. and analyze coverage through word clouds and graphs. 
To make changes to this alert. please login to Critical Mention. 
To stop receiving these alerts. dick here to unsubscae. 
rvannIntnItt ennarain !min mn and mu anfn Wn nnnraln in a wav of onrIt tennhr and wn am few, minn nn reanna Indy 
EFTA00009824


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009825.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009825.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" 
To: 'MISANarali•YS)" 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: Epstein FOR Next Steps - Noel Team 
Date: The, 13 Apr 2021 17:08:38 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
please let me know if this time doesn't work— 
has availability tomorrow as well. Thanks. 
Please use dial in 
with passcodel
. 
EFTA00009825


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009826.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009826.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Epstein FOIA Next Steps - Noel Team 
Start Date: 2021-04-13 20:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2021-04-13 20:30:00 +0000 
Organizer: 
Location: 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Date Created: 2021-04-13 17:35:50 +0000 
Date Modified: 2021-04-13 17:35:50 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2021-04-13 17:08:36 +0000 
Attendee: 
Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
Reminder 
as well. Thanks. 
> 
please let me know if this time doesn't work—_ has availability tomorrow 
Please use dial in 
with passcode 
EFTA00009826


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009827.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009827.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "cmecf®ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf®ca2.uscourts.gov> 
To: 
Subject: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Acknowledgment and Notice of Appearance FILED" 
Date: Tue, 13 Apr 2021 17:31:59 +0000 
***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits 
attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of 
all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required by law or directed by the filer. PACER access fees 
apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first 
viewing. 
Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit 
Notice of Docket Activity 
The following transaction was filed on 04/13/2021 
Case Name: 
United States of America v. Maxwell 
Case Number: 21-58 
Document(s): 
Document4)
Docket Text: 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND NOTICE OF APPEARANCE, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, 
FILED. Service date 04/13/2021 by CMIECF.[3076442] [21-58] 
Notice will be electronically mailed to: 
Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: 
: Tammy_Torres@ca2.uscourts.gov 
Quality Control 1 
corn 
The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: 
Document Description: Acknowledgment and Notice of Appearance FILED 
Original Filename: Acknowledgment and Notice of Appearance Form 4.5.21-2.pdf 
Electronic Document Stamp: 
[STAMP acecfStampil 
1161632333 [Date=04/13/2021] [FileNumber=3076442-0] 
[c5024ab6d0b85e0627dbf584811322ded4f4beb7d33cedbleeb585 f9c0d33cc6d8e66f4f9ba254ecOcb70336e4b21 
EFTA00009827
--- PAGE 2 ---
e7b39f9afeaec099c0e8e66e6f9488f4e54]] 
EFTA00009828


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009829.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009829.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)"  
To: I"
aiarS)" 
Cc: ' 
(USANYS)" < 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA Next Steps - Noel Team 
Date: Tue, 13 Apr 2021 18:10:57 +0000 
(USANYS)" 
Have a proffer then, sorry. 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 2:10 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) <
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA Next Steps - Noel Team 
That window works for me. 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 2:09 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Re: Epstein FOIA Next Steps - Noel Team 
> 
(USANYS) <
> 
(USANYS)<
> 
I'd have to move something but can do if nothing else works. I am wide open between 12 and 3 if there's anything good 
during that time. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 13, 2021, at 1:26 PM, 
(USANYS) <
> wrote: 
Tomorrow morning fairly booked for me, but do have 10-10:30 if that's better for everyone. 
From: 
(USANYS)
Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 1:26 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) <
>; 
(USANYS) .<1
> 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA Next Steps - Noel Team 
(USANYS) 
This afternoon isn't ideal. I can do 6pm if absolutely necessary, but I would prefer any time tomorrow morning. 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 1:10 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA Next Steps - Noel Team 
Doesn't work for me. Could you do 6pm? 
(USANYS) 
; 
EFTA00009829
--- PAGE 2 ---
Original Appointment 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 1:09 PM 
To: 
(USANYS); 
(USANYS); 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Epstein FOIA Next Steps - Noel Team 
When: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 4:00 PM-4:30 PM (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada). 
Where: 
please let me know if this time doesn't work— 
has availability tomorrow as well. Thanks. 
Please use dial in 
with passcode 
EFTA00009830


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009831.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009831.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
To: 
Cc: Christian Everdell 
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 
Date: Tue, 13 Apr 2021 23:37:33 +0000 
Good evening-
Might you have any sway in persuading the Marshal permit Ms. Maxwell 
to have her legal materials while in the cell block? 
She arrived today at — 5:15 am and remained idle in the cell block 
until — 8:30 am when she was brought to the fifth floor. 
Otherwise, any opposition to me contacting the Court for an order 
(per the Marshal)? 
Enjoy the evening. See you tomorrow. 
Best-
Bobbi 
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
New York, NY 10011 
••Covid-19 Notice: The •
office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. 
Please use entail or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being. 
This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
then delete this message. Thank you. 
EFTA00009831


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009832.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009832.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "cmecf®ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf®ca2.uscourts.gov> 
To: 
Subject: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Certificate of Service FILED" 
Date: Thu, 15 Apr 2021 22:20:15 +0000 
***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits 
attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of 
all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required by law or directed by the filer. PACER access fees 
apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first 
viewing. 
Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit 
Notice of Docket Activity 
The following transaction was filed on 04/15/2021 
Case Name: 
United States of America v. Maxwell 
Case Number: 21-58 
Document(s): 
Documental
Docket Text: 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE, for Notice of Motion to Withdraw As Appellate Counsel and Affirmation of 
Christian R. Everdell In Support Of Motion To Be Relieved As Counsel, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine 
Maxwell in 21-58, 21-770, FILED. Service date 04/15/2021 by CM/ECF.[3079010] [21-58, 21-770] 
Notice will be electronically mailed to: 
Assistant U.S. Attorney: 
managmgclerksoffice@cohengresser.com, autodocket®co engresser.com 
Tammy Tones, Deputy Clerk: Tammy_Torres@ca2.uscourts.gov 
Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: 
Tammy Tones, Deputy Clerk 
Quality Control 1 
The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: 
Document Description: Certificate of Service FILED 
Original Filename: Certificate of Service_Affirrnation in Support of Motion to Be Relieved As Appellate 
Counsel.pdf 
Electronic Document Stamp: 
EFTA00009832
--- PAGE 2 ---
[STAMP acecfStamp_II 1161632333 [Date=04/15/2021] [FileNumber=3079010-0] 
[b9Obaal I a25 f6b7247f2e19b 16547 I a38 fab9605cc3bb56ef35c0 I cee046e3f37d77f6b3c067803a5f3e922a7c6823 
315af86c26651c73e495afdfdd1141511b]] 
EFTA00009833


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009834.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009834.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joe Nascimento  
To:" 
 „tl 
Cc: 
k 
Subject: Re: 
) - Epstein 
Date: Fri, 16 Apr 2021 18:36:55 +0000 
M cell phone is best 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 31±1  Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Apr 16, 2021, at 12:31 PM, 
wrote: 
Thanks very much — let's plan for 9:30 a.m. on Monday, if that works for you. Should I just call your desk line, or would 
you prefer a different number? 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Friday, April 16, 2021 1:00 PM 
To: 
I <
E> 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Re: 
) - Epstein 
Hi M, 
Yes, I'm free Monday morning between 9:30 and 12 or Tuesday between I 1-3. If that doesn't work for you, I 
can try to move something around. Let me know. 
Have a nice weekend, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00009834
--- PAGE 2 ---
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Apr 16, 2021, at 11:58 AM, 
Hi Joe, 
> wrote: 
Hope you're doing well. Are you available for a call sometime early next week? Nothing urgent, but we wanted to talk 
with you about potentially scheduling an interview (by video conference) with your client for sometime in early May. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Monday, March 8, 20211:54 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Yes, 10:30 works for me. Thank youl 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3a1Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
vvww.crimlawfirm.com 
From:
Date: Monday, March 8 2021 at 1:32 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: 
- Epstein 
Hi Joe, 
EFTA00009835
--- PAGE 3 ---
Thanks, hope all is well with you. We're free for a call at 10:30 tomorrow morning, would that work for you? 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Monday, March 8, 2021 1:24 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
HIM, 
)<a. 
- Epstein 
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd  Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Jul 2, 2020, at 11:09 AM, 
Hi Joe, 
wrote: 
Thanks for reaching out, we were planning to email you. We continue to appreciate your client's cooperation with 
our investigation, and her status from our perspective has not changed. We'll be in touch going forward, 
All the best, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 11 07 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
EFTA00009836
--- PAGE 4 ---
Good morning, 
Hope you are all well. Just wanted to check in after seeing the reports of Ghislaine's arrest. 
If you need anything from us, 
let us know. 
-Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Feb 21, 2020, at 3:53 PM, 
wrote: 
Joe, 
We very much appreciated that, and we just wanted to let you know that the lack of communication separate from 
that discussion shouldn't be interpreted in any way negatively. We'll certainly be in touch again when we're able. 
thanks again, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Wednesday, February 19, 2020 15:03 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
>; 
We really appreciate this email. I was able to speak with 
a few weeks ago and gave the green light to share 
name and information provided with anyone necessary in your investigation. We will wait to hear from 
you if you need anything further. 
Thanks, 
EFTA00009837
--- PAGE 5 ---
Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami, FL 33129 
13- 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
From: ' 
) 
C
IME 
Date: Monday, Febru 
2020 at 3:40 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: ' 
Subject: RE: 
- Epstein 
Joe, 
We just wanted to check in very briefly—we had been hopeful that we'd be able to circle back with you earlier, but 
our investigation is currently still ongoing, so at the very least we wanted to let you know that we continue to 
appreciate both your client's prior assistance and her willingness to assist in the future. Nothing in our 
investigation since we were last substantively in touch has changed our view of your client, and we hope to be able 
to be in touch with you in the coming weeks with an update. In the interim, we do continue to view her status as 
we've previously conveyed, and please let us know if any issues arise on your end. 
thank you, 
From: 
Sent: Saturday, November 30, 2019 14:42 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: 
•c
> 
C 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Hi Joe, 
Thanks for checking in— 
, so no issues on our end, but we appreciate 
your following up. 
Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00009838
--- PAGE 6 ---
On Nov 30, 2019, at 8:54 AM, Joe Nascimento < 
> wrote: 
Good morning, 
Just wanted to check-in 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3'A Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
C. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Sep 9, 2019, at 9:47 PM, 
Joe, 
D< 
> wrote: 
We will meet tomorrow at the same place as last time— the Hilton in West Palm Beach, on Okeechobee 
Blvd. My cell is 
when ou arrive. My colleague, 
will be joining us, 
and he can be reached at 
Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 4, 2019, at 10:46 PM, Joe Nascimento 
Yes, we will be there. 
> wrote: 
EFTA00009839
--- PAGE 7 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 31±1  Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
wym.crimIztwfirm.com 
On Sep 4, 2019, at 5:32 PM, 
< 
Hi Joe, 
Thanks for letting us know. Let's plan to meet on Tuesday. Would 11:30 work? 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Wednesday, September 4, 2019 10:13 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
c
M> 
Subject: Re: 
Good morning, 
) - Epstein 
> wrote: 
Yes, we had to hunker down for 2 days but were spared. Thanks. For next week, the 10th, 11th or 
13th work best for me. Look forward to hearing from you. 
-Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 31flAvenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
EFTA00009840
--- PAGE 8 ---
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Sep 4, 2019, at 10:04 AM, 
) < 
wrote: 
Hi Joe, 
Hope the storm missed you this week, and that you and your client are doing okay. 
Our team is working out some scheduling issues today, and we should know more by this 
afternoon. I'll plan to reach out then to discuss scheduling, if that's okay. 
Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 30, 2019, at 9:52 AM, Joe Nascimento < 
Good morning, 
wrote: 
Just wanted to check in to see if you still planned to travel south given the storm. Current 
estimates show a landing (somewhere) Tuesday with very bad weather on Wednesday. Airports 
might close (which will answer my question), but that's a guess. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd  Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
c. 
‘vww.crimlitv tirm.com 
On Aug 21, 2019, at 2:40 PM, 
Hi Joe, 
wrote: 
Thanks very much, we'll plan to see you then. We'll most likely meet at a conference space at a hotel in 
West Palm Beach, and I'll let you know closer in time which location. 
Thanks, 
EFTA00009841
--- PAGE 9 ---
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Monday, August 19, 2019 6:37 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Both the time and date work for us. Let me know the location when you have it confirmed. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3'A Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Aug 19, 2019, at 11:11 AM, 
Joe, 
) < 
> wrote: 
Following up on scheduling, we were wondering if your client is available for a proffer on September 
4th. We're flexible on timing that day, but we would propose meeting at 12:30 p.m., if that works. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Wednesday, August 7, 2019 4:53 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
I `*
; 
EFTA00009842
--- PAGE 10 ---
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
HIM, 
I just wanted to follow up re the August 14th meeting. Is it possible to schedule for early afternoon 
(anytime after 1)? I have proactive cooperation ongoing in another case involving multiple 
jurisdictions, and they are looking to meet the morning of 8/14.1 understand if your schedule is 
already set, and will work around it. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami, FL 33129 
p. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
From: ' 
Date: Friday, August 2, 2019 at 3:34 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: ' 
Joe, 
Subject: RE: 
- Epstein 
Thanks, much appreciated. If possible, it would be helpful to hold August 14th for a meeting, and we'll 
follow up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let us 
know, we're happy to be flexible. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 4
Sent: Thursday, August 1, 2019 8:10 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
>; 
Subject: Re: 
) - Epstein 
EFTA00009843
--- PAGE 11 ---
HIM, 
I do not have any travel plans during the month of August, nor does 
September is a busy 
month with two trials set, and I will be traveling out of the country from Sept 17-30, but I will do 
everything to be as flexible as possible. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami, FL 33129 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
From: ' 
Date: Thursday, August 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: ' 
2019 at 6:10 PM 
Subject: RE: 
- Epstein 
Joe, 
As we start thinking about scheduling a next meeting with 
we were wondering if you 
could please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or your client 
for a meeting in Florida (in particular, we don't want to interfere with anyone's summer vacation 
plans). 
We will of course be in touch to talk about a next meeting in more detail, but in the first instance it 
would be helpful to get a sense of your schedules, for planning purposes. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Wednesday, July 17, 2019 6:25 PM 
EFTA00009844
--- PAGE 12 ---
To: 
Cc: 
•t
> 
>;I
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Iii
.
That works for me. Please call me on my cell 
Thanks. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3al Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Jul 17, 2019, at 5:58 PM, 
Hi Joe, 
ci 
wrote: 
Following up, we were wondering if you were available for a call to discuss next steps. We're 
available on Friday at 2:30, if that works, but let us know if there are other times that would be 
more convenient for you. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Saturday, July 13, 2019 12:39 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
Good afternoon, 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports 
>; 
) - Epstein 
EFTA00009845
--- PAGE 13 ---
As always, feel free to contact me at any time if we can be of further assistance. Look forward to 
meeting again. 
-Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami, FL 33129 
13- 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
From: ' 
Date: Thursday, July 11, 2019 at 9:07 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: ' 
Hi Joe, 
Subject: RE: 
- Epstein 
H 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are 
here, and we will meet you in the lobby. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Thursday, July 11, 2019 9:02 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
) - Epstein 
Good evening, 
Have you set a location for our meeting tomorrow? 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00009846
--- PAGE 14 ---
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 31A Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Jul 10, 2019, at 12:03 PM, 
> wrote: 
Thank you, we will plan to see you then in West Palm Beach. We are still coordinating 
logistics, and we will let you know that morning the address where we should meet. 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any 
reason: 
Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 10, 2019, at 11:39 AM, Joe Nascimento 
cmailto: 
> wrote: 
Of course 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>2250 S.W. 3<z-apple-data-detectors://2/0>rd<x-apple-data-
detectors://2/0><x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> Avenue<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
<x-a 
le-data-detectors://2/0>Miami Florida 33129<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
t. 
f. 
e. 
mailto: 
www.crimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfinmcomt> 
On Jul 10, 2019, at 11:34 AM,
mailto: 
> wrote: 
EFTA00009847
--- PAGE 15 ---
Joe, 
Would it be possible to meet earlier, perhaps at noon on Friday? Thank you. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 9 2019 at 10:51 PM, Joe Nascimento 
mailto: 
<mailto: 
> wrote: 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>2250 S.W. 3<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>rd<x-apple-data-
detectors://2/0><x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> Avenue<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
<x-apple-data-cletectors://2/0>Miami Florida 33129<z-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
t. 
tel 
f. 
e. 
mailto: 
<mailto: 
www.crimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfirm.com><http://www.crimlawfirm.com/>
On Jul 9. 2019. at 4:56 PM, 
mailto: 
<mailto: 
> wrote: 
Joe, 
We ended up slotting in a few things in the interim, but we're still good for 6:30 for sure. 
thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
<mailto: 
Sent: Tuesda 
To: 
EFTA00009848
--- PAGE 16 ---
<mailt : 
> 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
HIM, 
I got done a little earlier today - do you want to bump up our call time? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>rd<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> Avenue<x-
apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Miami Florida 33129<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
t. 
F. 
e. 
mailto: 
<mailto-
www.crimlawfirm.com<hup://www.crimlawfirm.com><http://www.crimlawfirm.com/>
On Jul 9 2019 at 10:02 AM Joe Nascimento 
mailto: 
> wrote: 
<mailto:
HIM, 
Are you still free for a call? 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami, FL 33129 
13-
f. 
e. 
<mailto-
www.crimlawfirm.com<hup://www.crimlawfirm.com><http://www.crimlaw firm.com> 
From: ' 
<mailto: 
Date: Sunday, July 7, 2019 at 10:19 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
mailto: 
<mailto:
Cc: ' 
<mailt 
mailto: 
mailto 
<mailto: 
Subject: Rh: 
) - Epstein 
mailto:
EFTA00009849
--- PAGE 17 ---
Joe, 
Sure, thanks — and yes, quite the weekend. If it's alright with you, let's do 10:00 a.m. on 
Tuesday — you can reach us at 
or we can also call you then if that's easier, 
whatever you prefer. 
thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
<mailto: 
Sent: Sunda 
To: 
<mailto: 
Cc: 
<mailto: 
<mailto:
Subject: Re: 
Hi M, 
mailto: 
- Epstein 
No need to take any more time out of what I'm sure was a busy weekend for you. Let's set 
a time for Tuesday morning (the earlier the better for me). Let me know what works for 
you. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>rd<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> Avenue<x-
apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Miami Florida 33129<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
t. 
f. 
e. 
mailto: 
<mailto: 
www.crimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfimtcom><http://www.crimlaw firm.com/> 
On Jul 7 2019 at 4:04 PM 
mailto: 
<mailto: 
> wrote:
Joe, 
Thank you for reaching out, and we would be happy to schedule a time to speak with you. 
EFTA00009850
--- PAGE 18 ---
I expect our schedules may be somewhat unpredictable tomorrow; would it work to set a 
time to talk on Tuesday? We can schedule it for before you meet witf
 if that's 
helpful. Or if you'd like to talk sooner, we could schedule a time later today, or check in 
tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and 
we look forward to being in touch. 
thank you, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: Joe Nascimento 
<mailto 
Sent: Saturday. Jul\ 06, 2019 22:55 
To: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
<mailto: 
6, 2019 at 10:51:09 PM EDT 
mailto: 
<mailto:
Cc: 
mailto: 
Subject: 
- Epstein 
Mr. Rossmiller, Ms. Moe and Ms. Comey, 
mailto: 
My former partner, Alan Ross, 
esented 
, prior to 
his passing in 2018. Agent 
served 
with a grand jury subpoena earlier 
today, and as Alan's former partner and FL Bar appointed inventory attorney, she has 
contacted me. Unfortunately, I am unable to meet with her until Tuesday, but I would 
appreciate a few minutes of your time at your convenience as I am getting up to speed. 
Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
Look forward to speaking with you. 
Best, 
Joe 
EFTA00009851
--- PAGE 19 ---
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>rd<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> Avenue<x-
apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Miami Florida 33129<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
t. 
f. 
e. 
mailto: 
<mailt 
www.crimlawfirm.com<littp:"ww% crimlawfirm.com><IIttp://www.crimlawfirm.com/> 
EFTA00009852


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009853.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009853.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To:'
Cc: "
Ma' 
Subject: Re: Mark Epstein 
Date: Mon, 28 Oct 2019 21:25:21 +0000 
You said for 10/31 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 28, 2019, at 3:12 PM, 
wrote: 
Hi 
Are you en route? Thanks. 
On Oct 24, 2019, at 10:55 AM, 
wrote: 
We are confirmed for a meeting at 3:00 p.m. on Monday at 
See you then. Thanks. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00009853


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009854.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009854.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: ' 
, ' 
Subject: Re: Mark Epstein 
Date: Mon, 28 Oct 2019 22:02:09 +0000 
I really apologize. I really did not recognize a plan for the 28th - I could not have taken that plan 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 28, 2019, at 6:00 PM, 
I am sony I would not have confirmed for today. I had a 4 pm doctors appointment scheduled for months. I had 
told mark 10/31 as well. My apologies. Can we still do 10/31? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 28, 2019, at 5:51 PM, 
> wrote: 
Hi 
Per my email on October 24 below, we were confirmed for Monday (which was today, October 28). 
From: 
Sent: Monday, October 28, 2019 5:27 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: Mark Epstein 
Greetings. We are set for 10/31 at three per your direction. Did I miss an update? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 28, 2019, at 3:12 PM, 
> wrote: 
Hi 
Are you en route? Thanks. 
On Oct 24, 2019, at 10:55 AM, 
> wrote: 
EFTA00009854
--- PAGE 2 ---
We are confirmed for a meeting at 3:00 p.m. on Monday at 
. See you then. Thanks. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Tel: 
EFTA00009855


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009856.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009856.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: ' 
Subject: FW: Mark Epstein 
Date: Mon, 28 Oct 2019 22:29:08 +0000 
[=. 
Doesn't work for me 
From: 
Sent: Monday, October 28, 2019 6:00 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: Mark Epstein 
I am sorry I would not have confirmed for today. I had a 4 pm doctors appointment scheduled for months. I had told mark 
10/31 as well. My apologies. Can we still do 10/31? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 28, 2019, at 5:51 PM, 
wrote: 
Hi S 
Per my email on October 24 below, we were confirmed for Monday (which was today, October 28). 
From: 
Sent: Monday, October 28, 2019 5:27 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: Mark Epstein 
Greetings. We are set for 10/31 at three per your direction. Did I miss an update? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 28, 2019, at 3:12 PM, 
wrote: 
Hi 
Are you en route? Thanks. 
On Oct 24, 2019, at 10:55 AM, 
> wrote: 
EFTA00009856
--- PAGE 2 ---
We are confirmed for a meeting at 3:00 p.m. on Monday at 
See you then. Thanks. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Tel: 
EFTA00009857


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009858.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009858.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Oct 2019 23:42:13 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
1r ar 
pstein v eetm 
EFTA00009858


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009859.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009859.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Mark Epstein Meeting 
Start Date: 2019-11-07 15:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2019-11-07 16:00:00 +0000 
Organizer: 
Location: 863 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Date Created: 2019-10-29 00:01:21 +0000 
Date Modified: 2019-10-29 00:01:21 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2019-10-28 23:42:11 +0000 
Attendee: 
Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
Reminder 
EFTA00009859


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009860.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009860.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
< 
To: ' 
Cc: ' 
(USANYS " 
MEl
l [Contractor]" 
Subject: RE: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
Date: Mon, 31 Aug 2020 22:16:00 +0000 
(USANYS)" 
Thank you very much for looking into this and for all of your help. For now, we would like to look into having a vendor 
scan the entire file and make copies of any CDs and cassette tapes in the files. Would you be able to send us the names of 
vendors you have used in the past please? 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
I St. Andrew's Plaza 
• 
007 
From 
Sent: 
To: 
USANYS 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
[Contractor] 
Subject: Re: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
Sorry it took time to get back to you. In answer to the questions from the call. 
1. You are welcome to come to our office in West Palm Beach. We can set up a floor where you will be reasonably alone 
and can safely scan materials. There is a Marriott within a block of our office if you decide to come. 
2. Turns out we cancelled our copy service earlier this year and never got it going again due to Covid. I can get names of 
vendors we used in the past if you want to go that route. 
3. There are cds and cassette tape in the materials according to the legal assistant that has done the inventory. 
Feel free to contact me with any other questions. 
Best regards 
EFTA00009860
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 25, 2020, at 11:02 AM, 
(USANYS) < 
> wrote:
Thanks very much for the quick response 
3pm today works for us. We can circulate a dial in and look forward to 
talking further then. 
• 
From 
Sent: ues ay, ugus 
, 
: 
To. 
Cc
• 
<En
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
Subject: RE: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
Hello 
I can do a call this afternoon. Any time between 2:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. is best. Alternatively, I am available tomorrow 
during the same time period. Let me know which time is more convenient for you and your team. If these times don't 
work, let me know and we will work out an alternate time. 
In the meantime, we have all the materials in a secure room on our second floor in West Palm Beach. There are the 
case files and also boxes of files that were gathered for the 0PR inquiry. We have an inventory of our materials and also 
0PR has their own inventory of the materials. 
When 0PR was here earlier, we had a scanner on that floor dedicated for their exclusive use. They were able to scan the 
documents that they wanted and have those documents sent directly to their own D0J accounts. I was overseas at the 
time on detail, but I was told that this worked rather well. 
A copy of our inventory is attached. 
I look forward to assisting you in this matter. 
Best regards, 
Managing Assistant United States Attorney 
West Palm Beach Regional Office — SDFL 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Se 
To: 
EFTA00009861
--- PAGE 3 ---
Cc: 
•*
>: 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
Subject: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
We supervise the team in New York that is currently prosecuting Ghislaine Maxwell, and 
suggested we reach out to you. As discussed briefly withM, we are hoping to locate the boxes o 
ocumen s and 
other records regarding the prior SDFL investigation into Jeffrey Epstein and his co-conspirators that we understand are 
currently being stored in the West Palm Beach office. In particular, we would like to make arrangements to review and 
scan those materials in connection with our own case, and. suggested that we touch base with you on how best to 
do so. 
I've copied the trial team here. Please let us know if you have time for a call in the near future to discuss further. 
Alternatively, if there is a more appropriate point of contact on this issue, please feel free to point us in that direction. 
Thanks very much 
Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00009862


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009863.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009863.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: ' 
It 
Subject: FW: GM remarks - electronic copy 
Date: Tue, 01 Sep 2020 16:44:32 +0000 
Attachments: Ghislaine_Maxwell_Press_Remarks_v14_(Clean_Copy)jig_edits)_(002).ebd.docx 
This is, I think, the last version of the GM remarks (or at least the last one I have). 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, July 1, 2020 6:00 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: RE: GM remarks - electronic copy 
I think this looks great, Audrey. Much tighter and less repetitive. I think I added one small suggestion on top of= 
comments. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, July 1, 2020 5:30 PM 
To: Strauss, Audrey (USANYS) 
Subject: RE: GM remarks - electronic copy 
A few minor suggestions from me are in the attached. Thanks. 
From: Strauss, Audrey (USANYS) 
Sent: Wednesday, July 1, 20204:36 PM 
To: 
Subject: FW: GM remarks - electronic copy 
I have been editing this down—it was too long, and also getting the language to be more natural. 
I went back and tried to make sure that it was still comported with the indictment (even if not in the exact wording) but 
let know if it does not. 
EFTA00009863


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009864.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009864.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
Subject RE: Tartaglione document request 
Date: Mon, 14 Dec 2020 17:55:02 +0000 
Hey 
was looking into who in Central Office keeps these. I just followed up with him. 
> 12/14/2020 12:52 PM >> > 
Hi 
- following up on the below. Thanks. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, December 9, 2020 1:34 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Tartaglione document request 
Hi M, 
A while back, we spoke about obtaining a final copy of the BOP's Psychological Reconstruction of Inmate Jeffrey Epstein and 
the MCC's response so that we can evaluate what discovery obligations we have with respect to the document for purposes 
of the capital phase of Tartaglione's trial. Have you been able to locate the document, and if so, can you please email to us 
when you have a chance? 
Many thanks, 
Deputy Chief, White Plains Division 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
300 Quarropas Street 
White Plains, New York 10601 
Tel: (914) 993-1963 
Cell: (917) 992-6989 
EFTA00009864


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009865.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009865.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sigrid McCawley <I 
To: '  
)11 <l 
Subject: RE: Filing 
Date: Tue, 15 Dec 2020 14:59:37 +0000 
should be able to get it to you today but just in case it is great to know I can get it to you by the morning. 
Thank you very much for all your hard work! 
Sigrid 
Sigrid McCawley 
Partner 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
200 
www.bsfllp.com 
From: 
[mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, December 15, 2020 9:52 AM 
To: Sigrid McCawley 
Subject: RE: Filing 
The filing is due tomorrow, and we will likely aim to file it around 5pm ET, but we can file it later in the evening if needed. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
I St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York. NY 10007 
From: Sigrid McCawley 
Sent: Tuesday, December 15, 2020 9:49 AM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Filing 
C 
Thanks 
— is your filing date today or tomorrow? 
Sigrid McCawley 
Partner 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
EFTA00009865
--- PAGE 2 ---
www.bsfIlp.com 
From: 
[mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, December 15, 2020 9:41 AM 
To: Sigrid McCawley 
Subject: RE: Filing 
Hi again, 
My colleagues just pointed out that a letter addressed to Judge Nathan may be the most natural format for this pdf. But 
we of course defer to you and 
regarding how she would like to format this statement. 
Best, 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, December 15, 2020 9:35 AM 
To: Sigrid McCawley 
Subject: RE: Filing 
Hi Sigrid, 
Thank you very much for sending this along. We do not need this to be a signed declaration, but it would helpful if you 
could please provide 
statement in a separate pdf with whatever attribution she is comfortable with. We will plan 
to publicly file that pdf as an exhibit to our memorandum of law in opposition to the bail motion. 
Feel free to call my cell ( 
) if you'd like to discuss or have any questions. 
Best, 
From: Sigrid McCawley 
Sent: Monday, December 14, 2020 8:39 PM 
To: 
Cc: Sigrid McCawley 
Subject: Filing 
cM
> 
Hello Maureen, 
I hope you are doing great. This is the statement that 
would like to submit. What format would you like me to send 
it in? Should it be as a signed declaration? She is comfortable having it attributed to her name. 
"I appreciate the opportunity to again be heard by the Court in this matter and once more request that Ghislaine 
Maxwell not be released prior to her trial. I write this not only on behalf of myself, but all of the other girls and 
young women who were victimized by Maxwell. Ghislaine Maxwell sexually abused me as a child and the 
government has the responsibility to make sure that she stands trial for her crimes. I do not believe that will 
happen or that any of her victims will see justice if she is released on bail. She has lived a life of privilege, 
EFTA00009866
--- PAGE 3 ---
abusing her position of power to live beyond the rules. Fleeing the country in order to escape once more would 
fit with her long history of anti-social behavior. 
Drawing on my personal experience with Maxwell and what I have learned of how she has lived since that time, 
I believe that she is a psychopath. Her abuse of me and many other children and young women is evidence of her 
disregard for and violation of the rights of others. She has demonstrated a complete failure to accept to 
responsibility in any way for her actions and demonstrated a complete lack of remorse for her central role in 
procuring victims for Epstein. She was both charming and manipulative with me during the grooming process, 
consistent with what many of her victims have described. She has frequently lied to others, including repeatedly 
lying about me and my family. Maxwell has for decades lived a parasitic lifestyle relying on Epstein and others 
to fund her lavish existence. 
Maxwell has repeatedly demonstrated that her primary concern is her own welfare, and that she is willing to 
harm others if it benefits her. She is quite capable of doing so once more. She will not hesitate to leave the 
country irrespective of whether others will be on the hook financially for her actions because she lacks empathy, 
and therefore simply does not care about hurting others. She would in fact be highly motivated to flee in order to 
reduce the possibility of continued imprisonment, the conditions of which she has continuously complained. Her 
actions over the last several years and choice to live in isolation for long periods suggest that being comfortable 
is more important to her than being connected. Even more concerning, is if she is let out she has the ability to 
once again abuse children and the painful consequences of that type of trauma can last a lifetime. I implore the 
Court to make sure that Ghislaine Maxwell does not escape justice by keeping her incarcerated until her trial." 
Sigrid McCawley 
Partner 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
www.bsfllp.com
T no information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that. 
among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege. attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. lithe reader of this 
electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution. copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. tv.1 08201831BS9 
EFTA00009867


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009868.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009868.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
< 
To: IMINIIANYS)" 
Subject: FW: Filing 
Date: Tue, 15 Dec 2020 18:37:37 +0000 
Attachments: 
atement_in_Opp._to_Bail.pdf 
I 
)" 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, December 15, 2020 1:30 PM 
To: 
Subject: Filing 
Hello 
you, 
Best, 
— please let me know if the attached works for your filing or if you would like it in a different format. Thank 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that. 
among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this 
electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in 
error, please immediately notify the send& by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. tv.1 08201831BS9 
EFTA00009868


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009869.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009869.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To:" 
„cl 
Cc: 
Subject: Filing 
Date: Wed, 16 Dec 2020 15:48:12 +0000 
Attachments: 
tatement in Opp. to Bail.pdf 
_ _ 
_ _ 
Here is the statement from 
Please let me know if you need anything else. 
Best, 
Eir 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient( s) and may contain information that, 
among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege. attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this 
electronic message is not the named recipient. or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination. distribution. copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in 
error. please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. (v.1 08201831BSFJ 
EFTA00009869


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009870.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009870.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT M 
EFTA00009870
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Fwd: Next week meet re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sunday, February 24, 2019 8:18:01 PM 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: March 3.2016 at 5:09:55 PM EST 
To: 
Subjec • 
± ex wee - mee re: e rey ps etn 
Cool. Talk to you then. 
From:  
Se
5:05 PM 
To: 
Subj 
: 
: ex wee - mee re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Tuesday at 4 is good. Thanks. 
From 
Sent Thursda Mardi 03 2016 10:24 AM 
To 
Su j 
: 
: ex wee c - mee re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sure. Sounds both intriguing and complicated. Tuesday is better for me than 
Wednesday. How's Tuesday at 4 pm? 
From 
MANN 
March
Se 
SAN 0Y35)2 
2016 10:08 AM 
To: 
U 
Subject: Next week - meet re: Jeffrey Epstein 
SDNY_GM_02742758 
EFTA00009871
--- PAGE 3 ---
Thanks, 
Senior Litigation Counsel 
Human Trafficking & Project Safe Childhood Coordinator 
United States Attorney's Office 
w York 
SDNY_GM_02742759 
EFTA00009872


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009873.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009873.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT N 
EFTA00009873
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Thursday, December 6, 2018 1:38:24 PM 
Thanks! I'll stop by now. 
From 
Sent: I hursda , December 6, 2018 1:36 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE 
Just went through my files and found a folder w/ the notes I took and the documents they brought 
me. Want to come by? 
From 
Sent: Thursday, December 6, 2018 12:36 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: 
Just quickly following up on this — we're trying to get a complete handle on the landscape — thanks! 
From 
Sent: Wednesda , December 05, 2018 21:11 
To 
Subject: Fw 
Do you have any notes and/or records from your meeting witla 
If so can you please 
send them our way? Also did you meet again with him or anyone else relating to Epstein? 
Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
Frowl 
SDNY_GM_02742760 
EFTA00009874
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 4:02 PM 
To 
Subject: FN 
Fror 
Sent: Tuesda , March 8, 2016 12:28 PM 
Subject: RE 
If you haven't already seen it, the hat reported today on Jeffrey 
Epstein's continued relationships with young women. 
htto.//oagesix com/2016/03/08/jeffrey-eosteins-east-side-mansion-
houses-russian-olaymates/
Best, 
From: 
Se 
• 
• 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: e 
I am adding 
o this email chain as well. As we mentioned 
earlier today, Sigrid is one of the lead attorneys on the case and knows both 
M
nd the facts very well. Please include Sigrid in any follow-up that you 
may. 
Sest 
SDNV_GM_02742761 
EFTA00009875
--- PAGE 4 ---
Fro 
Date: Monday, February 29, 2016 at 10:03 PM 
To 
Subje 
Thank you again for meeting with us today. We very much appreciate your 
time. I am attaching the following documents for your review: 
1. Complaint in the defamation case against Ghislaine Maxwell (just today, 
Judge Sweet denied Maxwell's motion to dismiss today); 
2. Declarations tha=filed 
in the CVRA case; 
3. The Rule 56.1 statement recently filed in the CVRA case; 
4. The redacted 302 
Please let us know what other information we can provide or if you have any 
further questions. 
Best, 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the 
use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that. among other protections, is the 
subject of attomey-client privilege. attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable 
law. II the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient. or the employee or agent 
responsible to deliver it to the named recipient. you are hereby notified that any dissemination. 
distribution. copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is 
waived. If you have received this communication in error. please immediately notify the sender by 
replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. 
[v.1] 
SDNY_GM_02742762 
EFTA00009876


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009877.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009877.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Fw 
F 
ay, ovem r 
, 2018 4:01:53 PM 
From: 
Sent: Tuesda 
March 8, 2016 12:28 PM 
To 
Cc 
Subject: RE 
If you haven't already seen it, the hat reported today on Jeffrey Epstein's continued 
relationships with young women. 
htto•//oagesix com/2016/03/08/jeffrey-eosteins-east-side-mansion-houses-russian-
playmates/ 
Best, 
From 
Se 
• 
• 
To 
Cc 
Subject: Re 
am adding 
to this email chain as well. As we mentioned earlier today, 
is one of the 
lead attorneys on the case and knows both and 
the facts very well. Please includ 
in any 
follow-up that you may. 
From 
Da • 
To: 
EFTA00009877
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subje 
Thank you again for meeting with us today. We very much appreciate your time. I am attaching the 
following documents for your review: 
1. Complaint in the defamation case against Ghislaine Maxwell (just today, Judge Sweet denied Maxwell's 
motion to dismiss toda 
2. Declarations that 
iled in the CVRA case; 
3. The Rule 56.1 statement recently filed in the CVRA case; 
4. The redacted 302 
Please let us know what other information we can provide or if you have any further questions. 
k
i
est 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and 
may contain information that. among other protections. is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from 
disclosure under applicable law. II the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible 
to deliver it to the named recipient. you are hereby notified that any dissemination. distribution, copying or other use of this 
communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error. please immediately 
notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. (v.11 
EFTA00009878


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009879.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009879.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
(USANYS)" 
To: ' 
(USANYS)" 
USANYS)" 
> 
(USANYS 
Cc: 
Subject: FW: 21-770 United States of America v. Maxwell "Reply to Opposition FILED" 
Date: Mon, 19 Apr 2021 22:09:07 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.04.19_GM_bail_reply.pdf 
Attached is Maxwell's bail reply. 
From: cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> 
Sent: Monday, April 19, 2021 10:48 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: 21-770 United States of America v. Maxwell "Reply to Opposition FILED" 
***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of 
record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents 
filed electronically, if receipt is required by law or directed by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other 
users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. 
Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit 
Notice of Docket Activity 
The following transaction was filed on 04/19/2021 
Case Name: 
United States of America v. Maxwell 
Case Number: 21-770 
Document(s): Document(s)
Docket Text: 
REPLY TO OPPOSITION [40], on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell in 21-770, 21-58, FILED. Service 
date 04/19/2021 by CM/ECF.[3080288][57] [21-770, 21-58] 
Notice will be electronically mailed to: 
Tamm , Torres De 
Mr. 
utv Clerk: 
s. :o. 
tern elm, 
ca2.usco 
ssistant 
Attorney: 
usdoj,gov
Assistant U.S. Attome : 
Assistant U.S. Attorney: 
EFTA00009879
--- PAGE 2 ---
David Oscar Markus, - 
Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: 
Tammy Tones, Deputy Clerk 
Quality Control I 
The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: 
Document Description: Reply to Opposition FILED 
Original Filename: Reply in Support of Her Motion for Pretrial Release Final with Exhibits.pdf 
Electronic Document Stamp: 
[STAMP acecfStamp_IL 1161632333 [Date-04/19/2021] [FileNumber=3080288-0] 
[31a91354c92f38b5844b12be4aa6383509e0a7b624ca84775d6781ecdea6068544a7bcf7450b09dd3c389d1SladS 
46d5ef69808398d138a71095bac40ed0ebed]] 
EFTA00009880


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009881.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009881.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "
I(USANYS)" 
To: 
Cc:' 
(USANYS)" 
H 
Subject: Epstein 
Date: Tue, 26 Feb 2019 18:49:06 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Can you send us contact info for the National trafficking coordinator who reached out to you yesterday? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00009881


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009882.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009882.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: 
(USANYS)"
From: 
d 
To: 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: 
ps em 
Date: Tue, 26 Feb 2019 19:46:04 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Yes -- it's 
ational Coordina 
ploitation Prevention and Interdiction), and her email 
is 
and phone is 
Ori inal Messa e 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Tuesda Februa 26 2019 13:49 
To 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Epstein 
Can you send us contact info for the National trafficking coordinator who reached out to you yesterday? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00009882


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009883.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009883.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Epstein 
Date: Fri, 01 Mar 2019 19:33:42 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
■— Fo■ we spoke t 
contact info is: 
Deputy Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of New York 
he National Coordinator for Child Exploitation and Interdiction, in ODAG. Her 
EFTA00009883


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009884.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009884.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" ‹
> 
To: 
(USANYS)" I
> 
Subject: Call with Geoff on Epstein 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2019 16:07:57 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
EFTA00009884


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009885.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009885.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Call with Geoff on Epstein 
Start Date: 2019-03-05 21:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2019-03-05 21:30:00 +0000 
Organizer: 
USAWS) <
> 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Date Created: 2019-03-05 16:17:55 +0000 
Date Modified: 2019-03-05 16:17:55 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2019-03-05 16:07:55 +0000 
Attendee: 
(USAWS) 
Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
Reminder 
EFTA00009885


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009886.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009886.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "
. <MIMMIIM
>
To: 'SI 
alMl.' 
Subject: Accepted: Call with Geoff on Epstein 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2019 18:18:05 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
EFTA00009886


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009887.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009887.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Accepted: Call with Geoff on Epstein 
Start Date: 2019-03-05 21:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2019-03-05 21:30:00 +0000 
Organizer: 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Comment: 
Date Created: 2019-03-05 18:34:06 +0000 
Date Modified: 2019-03-05 18:34:06 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2019-03-05 18:18:03 +0000 
EFTA00009887


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009888.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009888.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: '1
1==.
>
To: 
Subject: call with USA of NDGA re: Epstein 
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2019 21:28:46 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
EFTA00009888


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009889.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009889.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: call with USA of NDGA re: Epstein 
Start Date: 2019-03-07 18:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2019-03-07 18:30:00 +0000 
Organizer: I
> 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Date Created: 2019-03-05 21:40:46 +0000 
Date Modified: 2019-03-05 21:40:46 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2019-03-05 21:28:44 +0000 
Attendee: 
Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
Reminder 
EFTA00009889


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009890.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009890.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: US v Maxwell - [conferrals regarding pretrial disclosures & redactions to replies] 
Date: Tue, 20 Apr 2021 23:13:00 +0000 
Attachments: 2021-04-20_GM_Govemment_letter re_Reply_Brief Redactions.pdf 
Inline-Images: image001.jpg 
As discussed, attached is the letter that I plan to file this evening. Please let me know if there is anything you would like to 
discuss. 
Thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, April 20, 20212:05 PM 
To: 
Subject: RE: US v Maxwell - [conferrals regarding pretrial disclosures & redactions to replies] 
Following-up on 
email, we are not seeking any redactions. As a general matter, the redactions we proposed in our 
reply briefs are almost entirely because the information was designated as Confidential by the government under the 
Protective Order. Accordingly, you are free to justify to the court any redactions you think are necessary. Our specific 
positions on the redactions in each brief are set forth below. Please confirm that the proposed course of action with 
respect to each brief is acceptable. 
Reply Brief 1 
The redactions relate to information designated as Confidential by the government under the Protective Order. The 
defense has no objection to removing the redaction on page 5 and filing the brief and Exhibit A on the public record. 
Given that the government takes no position about the redaction on page 5, but does want Exhibit A to remain under 
seal, we propose the following: (1) we will file the brief on the docket without redactions, but we will file Exhibit A under 
seal; and (2) the government can argue its position to the court in its letter that Exhibit A should remain under seal. If the 
judge does not agree, we will file Exhibit A on the docket at that time. 
Reply Brief 3 
The redactions in the brief all relate to the names of AUSAs, the names of accusers, and-As 
to the 
accusers and 
the defense has no objection to removing those redactions. As to the AUSAs, we made 
EFTA00009890
--- PAGE 2 ---
those redactions as a courtesy because we did not think it was necessary or appropriate to publicly name the AUSAs. The 
defense takes no position with respect to those redactions. 
As for the exhibits, we filed certain exhibits under seal because they were designated as Confidential by the government 
under the Protective Order. The defense has no objection to filing all of the exhibits on the public record, although we 
agree that email addresses and other contact information for third parties should be redacted pursuant to the court's 
local rules. You point out that the court has already adopted the government's proposed redactions to Exhibits J and O. 
The defense is certainly prepared to follow those redactions. But since the government will need to justify the need for 
other redactions to the court, it makes more sense for the government to explain to the court in its letter that it would 
like to follow the redactions already adopted by the court for Exhibits J and O. 
Given the disagreement among the parties, we will not file the brief or the exhibits on the docket and the government can 
argue its position to the court in its letter. 
Reply Brief 5 
The defense does not believe the redaction on p.4 is necessary. Given the agreement between the parties, we will file the 
brief unredacted. 
Reply Brief 6 
The redactions relate to information designated as Confidential by the government under the Protective Order. The 
defense has no objection to removing the redactions and filing the brief on the public record. Given that the government 
wants to keep the redactions, we will not file the brief on the docket and the government can argue its position to the 
court in its letter. 
Reply Brief 10 
The redactions relate to information designated as Confidential by the government under the Protective Order. The 
defense has no objection to removing the redactions and filing the brief and Exhibit A on the public record. Given that the 
government wants to keep the redactions and keep Exhibit A under seal, we will not file either document on the docket 
and the government can argue its position to the court in its letter. 
Please let me know if you would like to discuss. 
Regards, 
From: 
Sent: on ay, pn 
, 
: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: US v Maxwell - [conferrals regarding pretrial disclosures & redactions to replies] 
We can confirm for 3:00 pm EST tomorrow. Please use the following dial-in number: 
We will write separately regarding the redactions that you propose. 
EFTA00009891
--- PAGE 3 ---
Thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Mona A n 19 2021 4:55 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: US v Maxwell - [conferrals regarding pretrial disclosures & redactions to replies] 
We are available to speak tomorrow after 2:30 pm EST. On the issue of redactions, on Friday, Judge Nathan ordered the 
parties to docket the April 1, 2021 joint letter or to propose redactions by April 19, 2021. (Dkt. 203). We do not believe 
any redactions are necessary to the letter. Assuming you agree, will you please docket the letter since you wrote the 
letter? If you would like to discuss, please let us know. 
As to the redactions to the undocketed Reply Briefs and certain exhibits you proposed being filed under seal, below please 
find our position for inclusion in a letter. If you would like to discuss tomorrow, please let us know. 
Reply Brief 1 
The Government takes no position on the defendant's proposed redaction on page 5 of Reply Brief 1. The defense 
submitted Exhibit A to Reply Brief 1 under seal and the Government agrees that Exhibit A should remain sealed in order to 
protect the privacy interests of victims and third parties. 
Reply Brief 3 
The Government agrees with the defense's proposed redactions to Reply Brief 3, which are narrowly tailored to cover 
information implicating the personal privacy interests of victims and third parties. Further, the proposed redactions are 
consistent with the redactions ordered by the Court on March 18, 2021. (Dkt. 168). 
As to the exhibits to Reply Brief 3, the defense submitted Exhibits L, M, and N under seal. The Government filed Exhibit L 
in connection with its Omnibus Memorandum of Law in Opposition to the Defendant's Pretrial Motions as Exhibit 6. 
Exhibit 6 was filed without any redactions and accordingly, the Government does not object to the public filing of Exhibit 
L. The Government does not object to the public filing of Exhibits M and N, but respectfully submits that the names and 
email addresses/contact information of third parties should be redacted from Exhibits M and N to protect the privacy 
interests of third parties. 
The defense also submitted Exhibits J and O to Reply Brief 3 under seal. The Government filed Exhibits 5 and 7 to its 
opposition, which are, respectively, redacted versions of Exhibits 1 and O. See Dkt. 204. The Government had set forth 
proposed redactions to Exhibits 5 and 7 in order to protect the privacy interests of third parties, which the Court adopted 
on March 18, 2021 (see Dkt. 168). Accordingly, the Government respectfully submits that the defense should redact 
Exhibits J and O to Reply Brief 3 to reflect the redactions approved by the Court and reflected in the publicly filed versions 
of Exhibits 5 and 7 to the Government's opposition. 
Reply Brief 5 
The Government respectfully submits that there is no basis under the applicable standard to redact the language that the 
defendant proposes redacting in Reply Brief S as it refers to language contained in the publicly-filed Indictment in this 
case. The information in the Indictment is part of the public record and, therefore, has a diminished privacy interest. 
EFTA00009892
--- PAGE 4 ---
Reply Brief 6 
The Government agrees with the defense's proposed redactions to Reply Brief 6, which are narrowly tailored to cover 
information implicating the personal privacy interests of third parties. The proposed redactions are consistent with the 
proposed redactions requested by the Government on pages 158 to 159 and 163 of its opposition to the defendant's pre-
trial motions, which the Court granted on March 18, 2021. (Dkt. 168). 
Reply Brief 10 
The Government agrees with the defense's proposed redactions to Reply Brief 10, which are narrowly tailored to cover 
information implicating the personal privacy interests of third parties and are consistent with prior redactions in earlier 
briefing. The Government further agrees that Exhibit A to Reply Brief 10 should be filed under seal to protect the 
personal privacy interests of the third party implicated in the document. 
Thanks, 
From: 
Sent: 
on ay, pri 
, 
: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: US v Maxwell - [conferrals regarding pretrial disclosures & redactions to replies] 
Counsel — 
I am writing to schedule a time for counsel to formally confer on two issues. 
First, we need to confer regarding the pretrial disclosure deadlines, as directed in the Court's Friday order (Dkt. 207 at 
34). Although we tentatively discussed some possible deadlines while we were together last week, the Court's opinion 
includes other upcoming deadlines we did not discuss and we may need to adjust our proposals based on her opinion. 
Second, we need to confer regarding redactions to the as yet undocketed Replies in support of our Pretrial Motions (Dkt. 
205). 
We are generally available tomorrow (Tuesday) for a call. Please let me know a time that works from your end and I can 
circulate a dial-in number. 
Thanks, 
Laura 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail transmission, and any documents, files or previous e-mail messages 
attached to it may contain information that is confidential or legally privileged. If you are not the intended 
EFTA00009893
--- PAGE 5 ---
recipient, or a person responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you 
must not read this transmission and that any disclosure, copying, printing, distribution or use of any of the 
information contained in or attached to this transmission is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. If you have received this 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
transmission and its attachments without reading or saving it in any manner. Thank you. 
EFTA00009894


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009895.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009895.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Christian Everdell 
, "Mark S. Cohen" 
>, BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
"'Laura Menningerm 
, JeffPagliuca
Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Letter Regarding Redactions to Defense Reply Briefs and 
Exhibits 
Date: Tue, 20 Apr 2021 23:46:58 +0000 
Attachments: 2021-04-20_GM_Govemment_letter re_Reply_Brief Redactions.pdf; 
Ex._M_Sealed_(Proposed_Redactions).pdf; Ex._N_Sealed_(Proposed_Redactions).pdf 
Good evening, 
Attached please find a letter regarding the redactions to the defense's reply briefs, which has been filed on ECF in the 
above-referenced case. Also attached please find two exhibits setting forth the Government's proposed redactions. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
Y rk N w York 1 07 
EFTA00009895


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009896.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009896.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 28 Filed 07/23/20 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
United States of America, 
—v—
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant. 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC 0: 
DATE FILED:7/23/2020 
20-CR-330 (AJN) 
ORDER 
ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: 
The Defense has moved for an order "prohibiting the Government, its agents and counsel 
for witnesses from making extrajudicial statements concerning this case." Dkt. No. 27 at 1. 
The Court firmly expects that counsel for all involved parties will exercise great care to 
ensure compliance with this Court's local rules, including Local Criminal Rule 23.1, and the 
rules of professional responsibility. In light of this clear expectation, the Court does not believe 
that further action is needed at this time to protect the Defendant's right to a fair trial by an 
impartial jury. Accordingly, it denies the Defendant's motion without prejudice. But the Court 
warns counsel and agents for the parties and counsel for potential witnesses that going forward it 
will not hesitate to take appropriate action in the face of violations of any relevant rules. The 
Court will ensure strict compliance with those rules and will ensure that the Defendant's right to 
a fair trial will be safeguarded. 
SO ORDERED. 
Dated: July 23, 2020 
New York, New York 
ALISON J. NATHAN 
United States District Judge 
EFTA00009896


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009897.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009897.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: Nathan NYSD Chambers <I 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Date: Wed, 21 Apr 2021 20:19:31 +0000 
Four attorneys will be appearing for the Government at the conference. Thank you. 
From: Nathan NYSD Chambers 
Sent: Wednesday, April 21, 2021 3:58 PM 
To:
Cc: 
Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Thank you, counsel. Can you confirm how many attorneys for the government will be in attendance? 
Best, 
Juan Ruiz Toro 
Law Clerk to the Hon. Alison J. Nathan 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 21, 2021 3:13 PM 
To: Nathan NYSD Chambers 
Cc: 
Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
CAUTION - EXTERNAL: 
Dear Judge Nathan, 
The Government writes in response to the Court's April 19, 2021 scheduling Order, which directed the Government to 
inform the Court by email regarding victim attendance at the upcoming arraignment in this matter. 
The Government has conferred with the attorneys who represent all four victims referenced in the Superseding 
Indictment, and reports the following: 
• Victim-1, Victim-3, Victim-4, and their respective counsel will not be attending the conference. 
• Victim-2 plans to attend the conference by phone. Her counsel have asked whether she should dial into the public 
access line, or whether the Court will provide a separate access line for victims. 
• Victim-2's attorneys, David Boies and Sigrid McCawley, plan to attend the conference in person. 
Respectfully, 
d States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00009897
--- PAGE 2 ---
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
CAUTION - EXTERNAL EMAIL: This email originated outside the Judiciary. Exercise caution when opening 
attachments or clicking on links. 
EFTA00009898


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009899.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009899.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: tomorrow 
Date: Thu, 22 Apr 2021 22:12:03 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.04.19_Scheduling_Order.pdf 
Hi 
Attached is the scheduling order with the public dial in information (there is no video). In addition to the public access 
line, the Court has set up a different access line for victims who want to attend-- if you'd like me to, I can let the Court 
know you plan to dial in, so that I can send you the victim access line. Just let me know your preference. 
Thanks, 
From 
Sent: Thurs ay, Apr' 2 , 
: 5 PM 
To: 
Subject: tomorrow 
can you send me the link to watch tomorrow's hearing? Thanks. 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: 
This e-mail may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient(s). Any review, use, distribution 
or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or authorized to receive for the recipient), please 
contact the sender by reply e-mail or telephone, and delete all copies of this message. 
EFTA00009899


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009900.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009900.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "a 
To:'
Subject: RE: send me dial in 
Date: Fri, 23 Apr 2021 14:14:13 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.04.19_Scheduling_Order.pdf 
Here's the full order with access info. 
From: IM=
> 
Sent: Friday, April 23, 2021 8:18 AM 
To: 
Subject: send me dial in 
EFTA00009900


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009901.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009901.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 214 Filed 04/19/21 Page 1 of 3 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
United States of America, 
—v—
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant. 
USDC SDNY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC H: 
DATE FILED: 4/19/21 
20-CR-330 (MN) 
ORDER 
ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: 
An arraignment on the S2 Superseding Indictment is scheduled to take place on April 23, 
2021 at 2:30 p.m. The proceeding will take place in Courtroom 24B of the Daniel Patrick 
Moynihan Courthouse, 500 Pearl Street, New York, NY. 
Given significant public interest, a video feed of the proceeding will be available for 
viewing in the Jury Assembly Room and Courtroom 9C at the Daniel Patrick Moynihan 
Courthouse. The use of any electronic devices during the proceeding in either the 
Courtroom or the overflow rooms is strictly prohibited. 
Due to social distancing requirements, seating will be limited to approximately 100 
members of the public. If capacity is reached, no additional persons will be admitted. Per the 
S.D.N.Y. COVID-19 Courthouse Entry Program, anyone who appears at any S.D.N.Y. 
courthouse must complete a questionnaire on the date of the proceeding prior to arriving at the 
courthouse. All visitors must also have their temperature taken when they arrive at the 
courthouse. Please see the attached instructions. Completing the questionnaire ahead of time 
will save time and effort upon entry. 
Only persons who meet the entry requirements established by the questionnaire and 
whose temperatures are below 100.4 degrees will be allowed to enter the courthouse. All visitors 
EFTA00009901
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 214 Filed 04/19/21 Page 2 of 3 
must wear either (i) a properly fitted disposable mask under a cloth mask, with the outer edges of 
the inner mask pushed against the face, or (ii) a properly fitted FDA-authorized N95 or KN95 
mask. Anyone who fails to comply with the COVID- 19 protocols that have been adopted by the 
Court will be required to leave the courthouse. There are no exceptions. For more information, 
see https://www.nysd.uscourts.gov/covid-19-coronavirus. 
In order to ensure additional public access, the Court will also open a public 
teleconference line so that members of the public may listen to the audio of the proceeding. 
Members of the public may call into the public teleconference line by dialing 844-291-6362 and 
entering access code 2921822. This phone line can accommodate approximately 4,000 callers 
on a first come, first serve basis. Any photographing, recording, or rebroadcasting of federal 
court proceedings is prohibited by law. Violation of these prohibitions may result in fines 
or sanctions, including being held in contempt of court, removal of court issued media 
credentials, restricted entry to future hearings, denial of entry to future hearings, or any 
other sanctions deemed necessary by the Court. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 3771(c)(1), the Government must "make their best efforts to see 
that crime victims are notified of, and accorded, the rights" provided to them in that section. 
This includes "[t)he right to reasonable, accurate, and timely notice of any public court 
proceeding ... involving the crime or of any release ... of the accused." Id. § 3771(a)(2). So 
that appropriate logistical arrangements can be made, the Government shall inform the Court's 
Chambers by email by April 21, 2021 whether any alleged victims wish to attend the proceeding 
and whether they will attend in person or by phone. The Court will ensure access. 
EFTA00009902
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 214 Filed 04/19/21 Page 3 of 3 
In addition, defense counsel shall inform the Court's Chambers by email by April 21, 
2021, whether any of the Defendant's family members wish to attend the proceeding and 
whether they will attend in person or by phone. The Court will ensure access. 
SO ORDERED. 
Dated: April 19, 2021 
New York, New York 
ALISON J. NATHAN 
United States District Judge 
EFTA00009903


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009904.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009904.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Chris Dilorio 
To: 
EFTA00009904
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Date: Mon, 06 May 2019 12:38:47 +0000 
Attachments: IMG_7021.jpg 
Inline-Images: image.png 
Greetings grossly corrupt SEC et al scumbags 
As with ALL of my allegations: beyond a shadow of a doubt, 100% accurate 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/complaints/comp17673.htm 
Complaint: SEC v. 
COMPLAINT. Plaintiff United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") alleges as 
follows: SUMMARY. 1. This case involves a $15 million "pump and dump" scheme involving the securities 
of Environmental Solutions Worldwide, Inc. ("Environmental"), a public company whose common stock is 
registered with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), and is ... 
www.sec.gov 
ESWW was a money laundering shell. 
The SEC knows it. The degenerate Epstein knows it. The Degenerate Leon Black/Kushner BFF/ Milken 
proteges/Marc Rowan/Apollo knows it. 
The DOJ/IRS knows it. 
IG, I have repeatedly offered to come to SEC DC HQ to have the brightest minds at the SEC totally humiliate me 
by refuting my allegations 1 by 1. The grossly corrupt SEC scumbags have never taken me up on my generous 
offer. For the very simple reason that ALL of my allegations are accurate and true. 
So, I again put the offer out there: 
refute my claims OR go to jail for the criminal obstruction ACTIVELY being facilitated by your office and the SEC. 
So, let's give these scumbags the insurance/annuities market. 
This will NOT end well for tens of thousands of Americans. 
Who "green lighted" this take over of the insurance industry by PE/Hedge funds? 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/antoinegara/2018/02/01/apollo-and-blackstone-pick-insurance-as-their-next-
bet-to-disrupt-wall-street/#5d647dbe7689 
Apollo And Blackstone Pick Insurance As Their 
Next Bet To Disrupt Wall Street - Forbes 
For decades, Wall Streets gambit in insurance was to write 
policies and use the float as a source of capital for new 
EFTA00009905
--- PAGE 3 ---
investments. It's a staple of Berkshire Hathaway and copycats like 
Markel and ... 
www.forbes.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, May 2, 2019 3:35 PM 
To: 
subject: 
Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
IG, 
This was a blatant attempt to intimidate a whistleblower. "HE" (I think a male although very effeminate voice) 
was an anonymous, coward, scumbag who threatened me. AND then called me another 11/12 times after that. 
This is a VERY serious matter. Felony. I intend to see "him" prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Within 
weeks of filing a complaint against the SEC and you. 
I obviously have hit a nerve. 
hups://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/white-house-tells-official-who-gave-kushner-security-
clearance-don-n997476 
EFTA00009906
--- PAGE 4 ---
i: 
White House whistleblower speaks out on 
security clearance controversy 
Carl Kline was supposed to appear before House committee staff 
Tuesday to face questions related to his handling of White House 
security clearances. 
www.nbcnews.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Diiorio (no L's scumbag) 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, April 25, 2019 6:27 AM 
To: 
ce 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
ESWW: A money laundering NASDACUOTCM shell 
Milken degenerate Leon Black/Joshua Harris: Apollo 
AND 
EFTA00009907
--- PAGE 5 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
The SEC has known for years that Epstein is running a extortion/Ponzi/Slush Fund 
My Claims AGAIN 
https://seekingalpha.com/article/3715526-environmental-solutions-worldwide-revisiting-holding-gone-dark-
can-sleep-better-night?mod=mw quote news 
Environmental Solutions Worldwide: Revisiting 
A Holding That's Gone Dark, So I Can Sleep 
Better At Night - Environmental Solutions 
Worldwide, Inc. (OTCMKTS:ESWW) I Seeking 
Alpha - Stock Market Insights I Seeking Alpha 
New CEO and recent trading activity warranted a review of a 
holding that no longer files. Based on the environment difficult 
y/y comparisons and results from competitors, 2015 is likely a 
down year. 
seekingalpha.com 
'Not credible"??? 
How about the SEC's OWN words? 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-10-01/sec-spots-a-way-to-starve-the-most-suspicious-penny-
stocks 
SEC Spots a Way to Starve the Most 
Suspicious Penny Stocks - Bloomberg 
-If a company is a dark company and listed in the OTC market 
and hasn't put out financials for six months, maybe it shouldn't 
be quoted or offered to retail investors," Redfearn said ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
See my comment letters on this subject. 
The SEC INTENTIONALLY puts the investing public at risk of frauds like this and thousands others like it. 
The core biz at NITE/VIRT,CDEL etc and the reason WHY the OTCM exists: Abusive naked shorting publicly 
traded shells to facilitate money laundering. 
Shells go dark only AFTER a massive fraud has been perpetrated on the investing public: Main Street 
ANOTHER "genius" degenerate: Apollo 
the grossly corrupt SEC: Bought and paid for by common criminals and degenerates 
IC, I have time for that REQUIRED 3rd party cc today 
Call me 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
EFTA00009908
--- PAGE 6 ---
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Sunday, April 14, 2019 1:04 PM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
A little Steffie Avakian//Heiss/O'Melveny/Wilmer Hale/ Apollo/Kushner Home Cookingl 
https://www.omm.com/professionals/howard-e-heiss/ 
;2. 
Howard E. Heiss - O'Melveny & Myers 
Howard Heiss has an extensive litigation practice focused on 
government regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, 
grand-jury investigations, and the defense of clients in criminal 
cases, with a particular emphasis on securities matters. 
www.omm.com 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1411494/000119312508077312/dsl.htm 
Form S-1 - SEC.gov 
Table of Contents. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The securities 
may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is 
effective. 
www.sec.gov 
https://www.wilmerhale.corn/en/pplejamie-gorelick 
Jamie Gorelick I WilmerHale 
EFTA00009909
--- PAGE 7 ---
Jamie Gorelick's career has spanned the legal, policy and corporate landscapes. As one of Washington's 
best-known litigators, Ms. Gorelick has represented corporations and individuals in a wide array of matters, 
particularly in the regulatory and enforcement arenas, involving issues as diverse as antitrust, 
environmental regulation, securities enforcement, national security regulation, etc. 
www.vii I m erha I e . co m 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/insights/news/former-director-of-the-fbi-robert-mueller-iii-joins-wilmerhale 
Former Director of the FBI Robert Mueller III 
Joins WilmerHale 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
joining the firm as a partner after serving as the sixth Director of 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), a position he took one 
week prior to the September 11 attacks and held for 12 years 
under two presidents. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.sec.gov/biography/avakian-stephanie
SEC.gov I Stephanie Avakian 
Stephanie Avakian was named Co-Director of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of 
Enforcement in June 2017, after serving as Acting Director since December 2016. 
www.sec.gov 
SEC drops Apollo investigation after Kush Jr met with Harris at the WH 
and Apollo gives Kush's some $$$$ 
And, Apollo gets $60 bil+ in inflows in 2018 
Did I miss something? 
Cheers! 
You corrupt fucking scumbags 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, April 13, 2019 11:30 AM 
To 
EFTA00009910
--- PAGE 8 ---
buojea. Apollo/ tpstein/icusnner connection 
Find a shell 
Find a fraud 
Enviromental Solutions Worldwide Inc 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001082278&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Florida? 
Pennsylvania? 
Or 
Canada? 
Welcomed on Cromwell/Wimpfheimer OTCM 
De registered in 2015 and Frozen in time 
Literally 
http://eswgroup.com/esw-group-corporate/our-board/ 
;2. 
Our Board - ESW Group® 
MARK YUNG Mr. Yung is Co-Founder and Managing Principal of 
OCV Management LLC ("OCV"), an investor, owner and operator 
of technology and life science companies based in Los Angeles. 
Previously, Mr. Yung was a Managing Director at Orchard Capital 
Corp., a firm he joined in 2006. Through his affiliation with [...] 
eswgroup.com 
Dozens of filings by former Milken (ahem) right hand man Leon Black, Apollo, his family Trust, et al 
Then, 
There's this: 
Has anyone (anyone) ever seen Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein on the other side of a trade? 
The ONLY SEC filing of Epsteins' Financial Trust Company Inc is in 
wait for it 
Leon Black/Apollo Environmental Solutions Worldwide 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000090901211000390/0000909012-11-000390-index.htm 
Enter the Amicus blocking release of Epstein docs 
EFTA00009911
--- PAGE 9 ---
Krieger, Kim and Lewin 
https://www.kkIllp.com/ 
Krieger Kim & Lewin LLP 
We are committed to providing the highest level of partner-driven representation in order to efficiently 
achieve client objectives. Over the last decade, we have conducted and supervised dozens of federal 
criminal trials involving some of the highest profile and most sensitive matters prosecuted by the United 
States Government. 
www.kkIllp.com 
Financial fraud appears to be a specialty of this recently formed/SDNY Alum firm 
Now, 
it gets VERY interesting 
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/28/apollo-citigroup-loaned-kushner-companies-millions-new-york-times.html 
Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Kelly 
Kushner even discussed the possibility of a White House job for 
the founder of private equity firm Apollo, the New York Times 
reported on Tuesday. 
www.cnbc.com 
Where another Milken protege/Apollo founding partner Josh Harris was considered for a White House job 
"Coindences" 
https://nypost.com/2018/03/02/sec-dropped-probe-month-after-firm-aided-kushner-companyi
SEC dropped probe month after firm aided 
Kushner company 
The feds last year dropped an investigation into a financial 
company a month after the firm gave Jared Kushner's family real 
estate business a $180 million loan, a new report said Friday. 
There ... 
nypost.com 
Oh, baby 
EFTA00009912
--- PAGE 10 ---
$60 billion+ inflows in 2018 for Apollo 
https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180802005343/en/Apollo-Global-Management-LLC-Reports-
Quarter-2018 
Apollo Global Management, LLC Reports 
Second Quarter 2018 Results I Business Wire 
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apollo Global Management LLC 
(NYSE:APO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "Apollo") 
today reported results for the second quarter ended June 30, 
2018. 
www.businesswire.com 
Mr's Krieger,Kim,Boltz et al: 
Discovery will be a hoot! 
Fucking A 
I am good 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
EFTA00009913


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009914.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009914.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Weinstein, Marc A." 
To 
Subject: FW: Epstein Estate 
Date: Mon, 09 Nov 2020 21:25:45 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
Inline-Images: ATT90747_1.jpg 
----Original Appointment----
From: Weinstein, Marc A. 
Sent: Monday, November 9, 2020 10:35 AM 
To: Weinstein, Marc A. 
Subject: Epstein Estate 
When: Monday, November 9, 2020 4:30 PM-5:00 PM (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada). 
Where: Skype Meeting; Conference ID: 570 579 045; 
MIR OnlineMsetingCenter 
Dial-In Information (for meetings with no presentations or video) 
Dial-In Number: +1 (201) 630-0824 
Conference ID: 570579045 
One touch dial-in from mobile  phone (via cellular service) 
Additional Dial-In Numbers 
Brazil +55 11 3181-5692 
Canada +1 647-749-1240 
China +86 400 842 8305 
France +33 1 73 24 04 53 
Germany +49 69 667737017 
India +91 22 6001 6148 
Ireland +353 1 566 1143 
Israel +972 3 3762055 
Japan +81 3-4510-7259 
Korea (Seoul) +82 70-7488-2208 
Singapore +65 3157 0147 
United Kingdom +44 20 3443 6288 
United States +1 (201) 630-0824 
Full list of dial-in numbers 
Andrew Tomback 
Meetings with a presentation or video 
Connect from computer or mobile device (via network/intemet connection) 
Help 
Try Skype Web App if you are having  trouble joining 
Joining from a computer using the "Connect from computer or mobile device" link provides additional 
capabilities, however you can simply call in from your telephone using the number provided above if your 
meeting will not include video or a presentation. Click the "Help" link for additional information if you are a 
guest joining a Skype for Business meeting from your computer or mobile device for the first time. 
For meeting organizers: Reset your dial-in PIN? 
EFTA00009914


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009915.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009915.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: FW: Epstein Estate 
Start Date: 2020-11-09 21:30:00 +0000 
End Date: 2020-11-09 22:00:00 +0000 
Organizer: Weinstein, Marc A. 
Location: Skype Meeting; Conference ID: 570 579 045; 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Date Created: 2020-11-09 21:58:35 +0000 
Date Modified: 2020-11-09 21:58:35 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2020-11-09 15:30:14 +0000 
Attendee: 
Original Appointment 
From: Weinstein, Marc A. 
Sent: Monday, November 9, 2020 10:35 AM 
To: Weinstein, Marc A.; 
Andrew Tomback 
Subject: Epstein Estate 
When: Monday, November 9, 2020 4:30 PM-5:00 PM (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada). 
Where: Skype Meeting; Conference ID: 570 579 045; 
Dial-In Information (for meetings with no presentations or video) 
Dial-In Number: 
Conference ID: 
One touch dial-
Additional Dial-
Brazil 
+1 (201) 630-0824 
570579045 
in from mobile phone (via cellular service) 
In Numbers 
+55 11 3181-5692 
Canada 
+1 647-749-1240 
China 
+86 400 842 8305 
France 
+33 1 73 24 04 53 
Germany 
+49 69 667737017 
India 
+91 22 6001 6148 
Ireland 
+353 1 566 1143 
Israel 
+972 3 3762055 
EFTA00009915
--- PAGE 2 ---
Japan 
+81 3-4510-7259 
Korea (Seoul) 
+82 70-7488-2208 
Singapore 
+65 3157 0147 
United Kingdom 
+44 20 3443 6288 
United States 
+1 (201) 630-0824 
Full list of dial-in numbers 
Meetings with a presentation or video 
Connect from computer or mobile device (via network/internet connection) 
Help 
Try Skype Web App if you are having trouble joining 
Joining from a computer using the "Connect from computer or mobile device" link provides 
additional capabilities, however you can simply call in from your telephone using the number 
provided above if your meeting will not include video or a presentation. Click the "Help" link for 
additional information if you are a guest joining a Skype for Business meeting from your 
computer or mobile device for the first time. 
For meeting organizers: Reset your dial-in PIN? 
+1 201-630-0824 
flOC([CUSTOMINVITE])!] 
EFTA00009916


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009917.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009917.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
lb: 
Bcc: 
Subject: SONY NEWS CLIPS, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2020 
Date: Mon. 16 Nov 2020 16:29:57 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.png 
SDNY PRESS CLIPPINGS 
MAXWELL 
ASCNEWS: littruzacikansaatoillaactaaltammeitsfk•-dopartment-revinv-jeffeey-eastein-sweetheordstatylid=741)2922 
NY POST.• https://nypostcom/2020/11/14/epstein-ottomerdoted-prosetutor-In-trial-where-he-got-sweetheart-deol/ 
EFTA00009917


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009918.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009918.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Bcc: "USAHUB-USAJouma1111" 
Subject: RE: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
Date: Mon, 16 Nov 2020 17:35:53 +0000 
Embedded: RE:_FW:_Ghislaine_Maxwell_02879-509.msg 
Sender 
Subject: RE: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
Message-Id: 
<SN5P110MB05421963E68BCE6BAEAACCEF92E30@SN5P110MB0542.NAMP110.PROD.OUTLOOK.CO 
M> 
To: 
Cc: 
Cc: 
EFTA00009918


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009919.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009919.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
To: BOBBI C STERNH
Cc: 
Bcc: "USAHUB-USAJournal111" 
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
Date: Mon, 16 Nov 2020 18:07:01 +0000 
Embedded: RE:_Ghislaine_Maxwell_02879-509.msg 
Sender: 
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
Message-Id: 
<SN5P110MB0542D558E0A3C80FEA96353E92E30@SN5P110MB0542.NAMP110.PROD.OUTLOOK.COM 
To: 
EFTA00009919


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009920.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009920.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: BOBBI
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
Date: Mon, 16 Nov 2020 18:06:58 +0000 
Bobbi, 
Thank you for including me on this email. I understand from my conversation with MDC legal counsel today that MDC 
staff is continuing to monitor temperatures throughout the facility, including in the area where Ms. Maxwell is housed. My 
understanding is that the temperature where Ms. Maxwell is housed remains within the limits prescribed by BOP policy 
and that the MDC does not expect this week's activities to affect the temperature in Ms. Maxwell's cell. That said, they will 
continue to monitor the temperature and take appropriate action if it falls below prescribed limits. 
As has previously been conveyed via letter from the Government to defense counsel dated October 8, 2020, the MDC's 
assessment continues to be that Ms. Maxwell's current cell is the most appropriate placement for Ms. Maxwell both for her 
safety and the security of the institution. 
Finally, you have referenced a court order directing that certain steps be taken by the BOP. The only order of which I am 
aware is Judge Nathan's order dated August 25, 2020, which denied Ms. Maxwell's request for an order concerning the 
conditions of confinement at the MDC (See Dkt. No. 49 at 2-3). Please let me know if there is a different order to which 
you are referring. 
Best, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
Sent: Monday, November 16, 2020 9:50 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
Good afternoon-
I am informed that the NYC Dept. of Design & Construction will shut off 
water and heat to the MDC from 9:00 pm to 5:00 am beginning tonight until 11/21. 
I am further informed that the MDC will give inmates one bottle of water 
and an extra blanket due to this disruption of services. 
I am requesting that my client - Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) 
be moved from her present isolation cell with two exterior walls to an interior cell. 
Please explain why she cannot be moved to the cell in the 
dayroom area where, by Court order, she is permitted to review discovery 
from 7:00 am to 8:00 pm. 
Thank you-
Bobbi C. Sternheim 
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
EFTA00009920
--- PAGE 2 ---
••Covid-19 Notice: The West 19th Street office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. 
Please use entail or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being. 
This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
delete this message. Thank you. 
On Nov 10, 2020, at 1:45 PM 
> wrote: 
The City contacted us and they said the water and heat will not be shut off. The information has been posted on the inmate Bulletin. 
>>> BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
11/9/2020 3:47 PM >» 
Good afternoon-
I am informed that the NYC Dept. of Design & Construction will shut off 
water and heat to the MDC from 8:30 pm to 4:00 am beginning tonight until 11/17. 
I am further informed that the MDC will give inmates a bottle of water and an extra blanket 
due to this disruption of services. 
I am requesting that my client - Chislaine Maxwell (02879-509) 
be moved from her present isolation cell with two exterior walls to an interior cell. 
Please explain why she cannot be moved to the cell in the 
dayroom area where, by Court order, she is permitted to review discovery 
from 7:00 am to 8:00 pm. 
Thank you-
Bobbi C. Sternheim 
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
Main: 
Cell 
FaxU 
••Covid-19 Notice: The West 19th Street office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being. 
This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. 
Thank you. 
EFTA00009921
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00009922


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009923.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009923.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheitn tnac.
alk 
Cc: r>, 
.S" 
Bcc: 
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
Date: Mon, 16 Nov 2020 18:06:59 +0000 
Embedded: RE:_Ghislaine_Maxwell_02879-509.msg 
Sender: 
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
Message-Id: 
<SN5P110MB0542D558E0A3C80FEA96353E92E30®SN5P110MB0542.NAMP110.PROD.OUTLOOK.COM 
To: 
To: 
Cc: 
Cc: 
EFTA00009923


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009924.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009924.pdf
----------------------------------------
(USANYS)" 
Subject: Re: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) 
Date: Tue, 17 Nov 2020 13:59:22 +0000 
Good morning, 
We will have a new hard drive with a new discovery production for Maxwell ready tomorrow. Would it be alright 
if I brought both the laptop and hard drive to the MDC tomorrow instead of just the laptop today, please? 
Thank ou 
On Nov 16, 2020, at 2:01 PM,
 wrote: 
Will do, thank you very much. 
Assistant  United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York. NY 10007 
From: 
Sent: Monday, November 16, 2020 1:59 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Re: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) 
Drop it off anytime between 600 am and 1200 pm. 
>>> 
From: 
To: 
CC: 
esoy> 
np_gu>,
bePa>a>, 
(USANYS)" 
Date: 
16 2020 1:58 PM 
Subject: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) 
Good afternoon, 
I am planning to bring a laptop and charger for inmate Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) to use when 
reviewing discovery produced from my office. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter, which I will 
hand deliver with the laptop. I am available to make this delivery tomorrow. Would you please let me know what 
time I should arrive with the laptop? 
EFTA00009924
--- PAGE 2 ---
My understanding from 
s that I should bring the laptop to the East Building, located on 29th
Street near Std Avenue and that I should go to the front lobby and ask for 
who will then come and 
retrieve the laptop. Please let me know if that 
should take any different steps. 
As always, I can be reached on my cellphone a 
with any questions or concerns. 
Thank you, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00009925


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009926.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009926.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Bce: "
> 
Subject: Maxwell discovery productions & laptop 
Date: Wed, 18 Nov 2020 14:25:45 +0000 
Embedded: Maxwell discovety_productions_&_laptop.msg 
Sender: 
Subject: Maxwell discove 
roductions & la to 
Messa 
To: 
EFTA00009926


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009927.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009927.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The Silvio J. Mollo Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
November 18, 2020 
BY EMAIL & HAND 
Esq. 
Legal Counsel 
Federal Bureau of Prisons 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Dear Counsel: 
Enclosed please find a laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509), an inmate at 
the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC"). Our Office is providing this laptop to Ms. Maxwell 
for the sole purpose of reviewing discovery materials in connection with the above-captioned case. 
Information Technology staff at our Office have reviewed the laptop and confirmed that the laptop 
has been successfully modified to meet the specifications you have requested. In particular, we 
have been informed that: 
• 
The laptop contains a microphone and camera, both of which have been disabled. As a 
result, the laptop has no recording capabilities. 
• 
The laptop does not contain any programs for games. 
• 
Communication capabilities have been disabled. In particular, the laptop has no Wi-Fi, 
Bluetooth, or Ethernet connection capabilities. 
In order to permit Ms. Maxwell to make effective use of this laptop in reviewing her 
discovery, please permit her to use the accompanying charger to ensure that the laptop remains 
operational throughout her review periods. Please also permit Ms. Maxwell to review the contents 
of all discovery hard drives produced by our Office to the MDC in connection with the above-
referenced case on this laptop. 
Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or concerns. Thank you for your 
assistance in this matter. 
Very truly yours, 
AUDREY STRAUSS 
Acting United States Attorney 
Byi 
Assistant United States Attorneys 
Southern District of New York 
Tel: 
Email: 
EFTA00009927


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009928.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009928.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
C 
Subject 
Date: Wed, 18 Sep 2019 12:55:48 +0000 
She's done another 
in it she's said the following: I) She was interviewed by 
FBI in 2011 by a 
in t e interview s e gave the names of all the girls she helped to traffic (2) she 
was also interviewed by SDNY (no timeframe) (3) two other women also tell DOJ that Epstein specifically 
trafficked them to "other men" 
(4) there are cameras in the NYC house and others where he could watch people in bathrooms and elsewhere. 
They plan to air it on the 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00009928


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009929.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009929.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: ' 
Cc: ' 
Subject: SHU Photos/Number of Steps 
Date: Wed, 18 Sep 2019 14:15:22 +0000 
He 
I know FBI was taking photos of the SHU generally and measuring the number of steps from Epstein's cell to the guard 
desk. Do you have those photos and can you provide them to us? Thank you. 
Also, let us know if you need a hard drive from us for Thomas' phone. 
Thanks. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Tel: 
EFTA00009929


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009930.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009930.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc:I, 
Subject: Re: SHU Photos/Number of Steps 
Date: Wed, 18 Sep 2019 15:34:29 +0000 
I'm on it 
On Sep 18, 2019, at 11:30 AM, 
Hey Will, could you please ask for this hard drive from IT? Thank you! 
From 
Sent: Wednesday, September 18, 2019 11:30 AM 
To 
Subject: RE: SHU Photos/Number of Steps 
wrote: 
Can you guys provide us with at least a 100GB hard drive so that FBI CART to download the material? Let me know when 
and where I can pick up. 
From:
Sent: Wednesday, September 18, 2019 10:15 AM 
To: 
Subject: SHU Photos/Number of Steps 
He 
I know FBI was taking photos of the SHU generally and measuring the number of steps from Epstein's cell to the guard 
desk. Do you have those photos and can you provide them to us? Thank you. 
Also, let us know if you need a hard drive from us for 
phone. 
Thanks. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New MI 
EFTA00009930


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009931.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009931.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Epstein investigation documents 
Date: Fri, 17 May 2019 23:18:20 +0000 
That's great, talk to your then. 
SSA 
FBI New York 
On May 17, 2019 6:10 PM,' 
> wrote: 
That's perfect, thanks — we'll plan to call you Monday afternoon, say, 2:00, but let us know if there's a different time you 
prefer and we'll make it work. Have a good weekend, and talk soon. 
thanks again, 
From: 
Sent: Friday, May 17, 2019 15:08 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Epstein investigation documents 
Sure, let's talk next week, I'm out on Tuesday and likely Friday. Any other time works... 
SSA 
Squad C-20 
VCAC/Human Trafficking 
FBI New York 
From: 
Sent: Friday, May 17, 2019 1:19 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Epstein investigation documents 
Hi =, 
and I are the AUSAs working with 
on the Epstein investigation, and we wanted to briefly be in 
touch because 
mentioned there's some concern about having our office manage documents with a vendor (for 
scanning, cataloguing, and indexing), and she said it would be helpful for us to provide some examples of cases where 
that has been done in the past. We have a number of examples, and we're hoping to quickly chat with you about the 
most productive way to get that info to you—is there a good time for us to give you a call sometime early next week? 
We're happy to work around your schedule, and we really appreciate the help. 
EFTA00009931
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thanks very much, and talk soon, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00009932


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009933.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009933.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Isidro Garcia <1 
To:" 
"c
Cc: Mark Johnson 
 It 
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation meeting 
Date: Sun, 26 May 2019 20:52:27 +0000 
)11
OK will copy her on this 
Sent from my T-Mobilc 4G LTE Device 
Isidro M. Garcia 
GARCIA LAW FIRM. P.A. 
120 S. Olive Avenue 
Suite 401 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Email 
Fax 
www.garcialaborlaw.com 
Original message -------
From: "-
Date: 5/26/19 4:40 PM 
To: Isidro Garcia 
Cc: Mark Johnson 
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation meeting 
"a 
Sid, 
GMT-05:00 
Following up on the below, in addition to asking 
to please bring whatever materials she has from that 
time, could you please ask her to bring any photos she has of herself from when she knew Epstein — or if she has 
many such photos, just five or six from that period of time? It will be very helpful for us to have a record of her 
general appearance then, for legal reasons, and we're happy to either make copies and return them to her, or to 
have them in safekeeping with us until the investigation is complete, whatever she prefers. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, Ma  23, 2019 13:08 
To: 'Isidro Garcia'  
EFTA00009933
--- PAGE 2 ---
Cc: Mark Johnson 
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation meeting 
Mr. Garcia, 
Following up on our phone conversation yesterday, I wanted to send you an email, as promised, as a brief 
summary. As discussed, our investigation continues to move forward, and we're interested in meeting with'. 
=again to talk with her more specifically about her recollections from the time. Although we have the notes 
from her interviews from the prior investigation, it is important for us at this stage to have a sense of what he 
current recollection is about his conduct. As I mentioned, we absolutely do not want 
to feel re-
victimized or dragged through this unnecessarily; rather, we are hoping to confirm our understanding of what she 
described in previous interviews (as to her recollection now). I promise we would not ask her to talk about those 
experiences if it weren't important—and useful—to the current investigation. 
As we also talked about, when we meet with her we'd like to ask her to please bring the materials she described 
having when we first met—I believe she said she had a box of materials from the time, possibly including one or 
more phones, possibly photos or gifts, etc. Really anything she has relating to that time or experiences could be 
very helpful. We would be happy to provide her with copies of anything that she still wants to retain, and of 
course we will treat her possessions with the utmost care and would expect to return them, if she wants, at the 
conclusion of the investigation. 
Please let us know if you or she has any questions about any of this at all, and we look forward to meeting with 
her and you next week. (I understand the timing of that may be changing now—we remain available anytime on 
the 29th, or can discuss other days if that doesn't work—unfortunately the agents aren't available on the 31st, but 
I'm sure we'll figure it out.) 
Thanks very much again, and please express our appreciation a 
for meeting with us again, we really 
appreciate it. 
thank you, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00009934


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009935.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009935.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
SANYS)" 
To: 
USANYS)" 
Subject: GM memo 
Date: Thu, 19 Mar 2020 14:39:43 +0000 
Attachments: 2020-03-12_GM_prosecution_memo.RC.docx 
Here is my markup 
EFTA00009935


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009936.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009936.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
Cc: ' 
Subject: Epstein Update 
Date: Wed, 15 May 2019 14:32:05 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: 2019-05-10 JE_status_memo_for ODAG.finaldocx.pdf 
Attached is an update on the progress of the Epstein investigation. Please keep this memo on close hold given the 
sensitivity of the matter and our effort remain covert. 
Feel free to let us know if you have any questions. 
Regards, 
EFTA00009936


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009937.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009937.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" <1 
To: 
(USANYS)"  
Subject: RE: OPR Matter 
Date: Thu, 06 Aug 2020 21:26:49 +0000 
Great, thanks. As noted, 
wanted me to get your approval first. I will do so now. 
From: 
(USANYS) • 
Sent: Thursday, August 6, 2020 5:26 PM 
To: 
(USANYS)
Subject: RE: OPR Matter 
Yes, of course. 
From: 
(USANYS) c
Sent: Thursday, August 6, 2020 4:26 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: RE: OPR Matter 
< 
C 
(usaNys)te 
— I would like to also share this with the Epstein team, which I think will be best positioned to evaluate the facts 
and any implications for the Maxwell case. Are you okay with us sharing this with the team as well? 
Thanks, 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Thursday, August 6, 2020 4:05 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: FW OPR Matter 
C 
< 
a 
FYI. 
Not that you need more work, but if you want to review please do. 
From: 
(OPR) 
Sent: Thursday, August 6, 2020 2:49 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS)
Subject: OPR Matter 
Acting United States Attorney 
for the Southern District of New York 
New York, New York 
Dear M. 
EFTA00009937
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please find attached a letter from OPR Director 
regarding OPR's draft report regarding the handling of the 
Jeffrey Epstein matter by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida in 2006-2008. A copy of the draft 
report, for your review, is also attached. 
With regards, 
Counsel 
Office of Professional Responsibility 
U.S Department of Justice 
950 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W. — Room 3266 
Washin ton, D.C. 20530 
cc 
AUSA 
EFTA00009938


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009939.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009939.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" 
To: 
(USANYS)" 
Cc: ' 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: RE: the week ahead 
Date: Fri, 07 Aug 2020 12:25:48 +0000 
The RMI team is going to the grand jury on Monday. Fraud signed off on the charge and charging document. 
We're hoping to circulate and send down to NSD a bunch of paper on GEP, including a premises warrant for RG. I've 
looked at a first draft already, and 
are working on a second draft now. I'm assuming, much as with 
the memo we circulated last night, that everyone will want to see these, but if that's not the case, please let us know. 
Bekah reviewed the first draft of the Hadden pros memo, which the team is now revising, and then one or both of us will 
re-review. We hope to get that up to you at least next week. Team would like to go to the grand jury the week of August 
24, with the primary time pressure coming from our desire to beat DANY. 
I assume we'll be pressing ahead with a Menedez DAG fight but have not heard back on whether Audrey has yet to make 
a call. 
Also, we still have not heard back from 
or anyone on what we should be doing, if anything, to gather and review 
material from the SDFL Epstein investigation. My sense is 
in particular, has been exploring an alternative plan 
whereby we gather and review only SDFL's 24 boxes of hard copy documents, which I am fine with and agree is more 
manageable, but we haven't and really can't take any action without a decision, so I'm very hopeful this is something we'll 
get guidance on next week. On the list of things keeping me up at 3am, this is pretty consistently at or near the top... 
From: 
USANYS) 
Sen
gust 7, 2020 6:30 AM 
To: [USANYS) 
(USANYS 
Subject: the week ahead 
USANYS) 
USANYS) 
(USANYS) 
SANYS) 3 
(USANYS) 
USANYS) 1 
Happy Particularly Preposterous Packaging Day!* The website puts it best, by saying "there really is no right or wrong way 
to celebrate the day." In any event, no need for any packaging at all on the weekly update. Just let me know what's going 
on next week. Thanks! 
*International Beer Day was too easy. 
Chief, Criminal Division 
EFTA00009939
--- PAGE 2 ---
United States Attorne 's Office, SDNY 
EFTA00009940


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009941.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009941.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "I
To: 
Cc: 1 
(USANYS)" <1 
>  
Subject: RE: call tomorrow re: search warrant documents ? 
Date: Tue, 14 Jul 2020 16:17:36 +0000 
Yeah it's sometimes challenging to try to precisely relay 
info on this, and given the importance I think it'd be 
helpful — thanks. I'll propose tomorrow at 1:00. 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Tuesday, July 14, 2020 12:16 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: call tomorrow re: search warrant documents ? 
Sure, if that would be helpful. 1 is better for me than 12, but I can make it work if need be. Morning I can do 10-11. 
From: 
)  
Sent: Tuesday, July 14, 2020 12:07 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc:
Subject: call tomorrow re: search warrant documents ? 
Could you join a call tomorrow? I could do noon or 1:00 if that works? (Or I also could do the morning if I get coverage 
for a couple VOSR check-ins with Berman.) 
From: 
(NY) (FBI) <E
> 
Sent: Tuesday, July 14, 2020 12:02 
To: 
(USANYS) (Contractor( <
Cc: 
(NY) (FBI) <
c›; 
(NY) (FBI) a, 
) 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
(USANYS) 
I'll fill it out and get it back to you ASAP. I am available tomorrow from 7:30 AM till about 3:30 PM, just let me 
know when. 
NY CART Coordinator 
Senior Forensic Examiner 
cell 
desk 
On Jul 14, 2020 11:58 AM, ' 
wrote: 
EFTA00009941
--- PAGE 2 ---
We've received and reviewed the hard drive you provided last week. Unfortunately it's still not possible for us to 
determine which devices have been fully 100% included in that drive? We're not able to tell based on looking at the 
contents, because the devices do not all appear to have their own folders. 
The attached spreadsheet is the one you included on the drive, but it does not reflect which devices have been fully 
transferred. Could you please fill in the two columns I've added, L and M, indicating which devices have been fully 
transferred to us, and for the ones that are not fully transferred, the estimated time for completion? If you could please 
let us know that today it will be extremely helpful in figuring out how to proceed. 
And separately, could you please let me know what times you're available for a call tomorrow? It would be helpful to 
discuss why a number of the devices were combined together in folders on the drive, rather than being provided 
separately. And also helpful to know how long it would take to correct that. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, May 13, 2020 12:25 
To: 
. (NY) (FBI) ifi
; 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <
Cc: 
>; 
`:
1)
(NY) (FBI) <->; 
. (NY) (FBI) <
> 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
Respectfully, I think there are some miscommunications here — all we have asked is to receive the materials in a format 
such that we can view them using a system we have access to. We're not able to get web-enabled access through any FBI 
tool, so we asked for the materials to be transferred in a loadable format so we could put them on Relativity, which both 
we and the agents can access. We're required to have the files in a format that we can produce them to defense counsel. 
I've done that in many other cases and it hasn't previously been an issue. My understanding from =I is that the best 
way to do it now is just for us (the U.S. Attorney's Office) to get the original files, which our vendor will process—by which 
I just mean converting into file formats that are loadable onto Relativity. It doesn't really have anything to do with the 
taint review—we have to have access to the docs in our systems for discovery purposes. 
And we were happy to get the materials as they were processed, but when we received the 1.1 million documents earlier 
this year, they were in a format that wasn't usable for the reasons described in the email I sent on March 9. Again, I 
understand from =I that the best way forward is to just get copies of the materials in their original formats, which I 
understand will be segregated and designated by device. That should work for us! I was just trying to understand the 
approach, as well as the timeline. 
thanks, 
From: 
(NY) (FBI) <
> 
Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 13:03 
To: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
Cc: 
S; 
(NY) (FBI) < 
Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
. (NY) (FBI) <
> 
EFTA00009942
--- PAGE 3 ---
Just to be clear. The US Attorney's Office (or it's contractors) are not "processing" anything. You are taking files 
that I will be extracting from processed evidence and putting them into an E-Discovery tool (Relativity) to do a 
taint review. 
Relativity is NOT a forensic tool. It is incapable of dealing with many things that are found forensically on a 
computer like free space, slack space, and system files to name a few. When we started this, and you insisted 
you do the taint review in Relativity, I warned you that it was adding months worth of work on top of what was 
already done, and that Relativity was incapable of viewing everything. You insisted we do it this way. So now 
and I have come up with a way to fit this round peg into this square hole. We will get it done. 
Sorry it has taken so long, but we are talking about terabytes worth of data over multiple forms of digital 
evidence. Phones, tablets, loose media, cameras, DVRs, servers, laptops, and desktop computers. We have 
gotten past encryption on multiple devices. When we review devices on such large cases, we usually do it piece 
by piece as things are processed, I was unaware that you didn't want to review as things were processed, that 
you wanted to do it "all at once", so that added to the delay. Sorry for that. Just a differentiation of 
methodology I suppose. 
and I feel confident that the method we have come up with will be more consistent and preserve the 
attribution of files to devices and links of e-mails to attachments that the load file generation that I did a while 
back was lacking. 
FBI NY CART Coordinator 
Senior Examiner 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:33 AM 
To: 
. (NY) (FBI) <a>; 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
<Christopher.Rozier@usdoj.gov>
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
Okay, so just to check, you both think that there is not a need to do a test run? You're both comfortable with just basically 
sending us copies of everything? I don't totally understand why we couldn't have done that eight months ago, but 
regardless of the passage of time, I want to make sure we understand so we can report to our supervisors. I assume that 
means that we (at the U.S. Attorney's Office and through contractors) will therefore need to do all the processing 
ourselves, correct? And thanks again to you both. 
From: 
(NY) (FBI) <
> 
Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:30 
To: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <
>; 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
>; 
Like 
said in his earlier email. It will be the raw data and it will be marked so it is easier to attribute it to a 
particular device. Problem now is how to get the data to 
since he is teleworking. 
EFTA00009943
--- PAGE 4 ---
NY CART Coordinator 
Senior Forensic Examiner 
cell 
desk 
On May 12, 2020 11:15 AM, " 
)" < 
I have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
From: 
(NY) (FBI) <
> 
Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:11 
To: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <
>; 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
>; 
wrote: 
I will use the spreadsheet, no problem. 
and I ironed out all the details. We've got a good plan moving 
forward that will meet your needs. 
NY CART Coordinator 
Senior Forensic Examiner 
cell 
desk 
On May 12, 2020 10:34 AM, 
< 
wrote: 
it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
make sure we get all the info we need. I think you had previously sent us a list of certain information that unfortunately 
wasn't helpful for us, so we want to make sure we're all on the same page. 
In terms of data transfer, 
are you just sending a literal copy of all the raw data, and we'll process and upload it on 
our end? I ask to make sure we don't lose any searchability — when FBI sent versions before, it had already been 
processed. I think what we talked about on the phone a month ago was getting, for example, data from one device to 
make sure it transfers correctly, before sending over literally everything — is that still the plan? 
thanks, 
From: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 10:27 
To: 
Cc: 
. (NY) (FBI) <
> 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
Hello M, 
Me and 
just finished our phone call regarding the data. 
will put together a list of the all of the data and 
where the data was collected. I will work to send some hard drives to 
so he can begin to copy the data and send 
it to us. I will need to figure out a way to get the data off of the hard drives. 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Thank you. 
EFTA00009944
--- PAGE 5 ---
From: 
) < 
Sent: Friday, May 8, 2020 2:15 PM 
To: 
. (NY) (FBI) <
>; 
(USANYS) < 
(NY) (FBI) <—>; 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <—>; 
(FBI) < 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
>; 
) 
) <
>; 
(NY) 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
returns in early June. Thanks again. 
From: 
(NY) (FBI) <
> 
Sent: Friday, May 08, 2020 14:14 
To: 
(USANYS) < 
>; 
(NY) (FBI) <->; 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] < 
>; 
(FBI) <
> 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
<11
› ; 
) <=e 
(NY) 
There has been talk of us returning to normal soon, so I don't think it will effect the timeline I initially gave you. 
If it does, I'll let you know. 
NY CART Coordinator 
Senior Forensic Examiner 
cell 
desk 
On May 8, 2020 1:58 PM, ' 
" < 
> wrote: 
Understood, thanks—it will be great to get that list on Thursday. As a refresh, the info we are looking for is in the 
attached spreadsheet template. 
On the returns themselves, do the changes you mentioned mean that the estimate of a month from now for complete 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
estimate would be, so we can factor that in? Thanks very much. 
From: 
(NY) (FBI) <
> 
Sent: Friday, May 08, 2020 13:50 
To: 
Cc: 
(USANYS) < 
(NY) (FBI) <->; 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <
>; 
(FBI) < 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
>; 
)< 
(NY) 
EFTA00009945
--- PAGE 6 ---
Sony for the delay, they reduced us to 1 day a week, so things have been stretched out by a factor of 5. I will be 
back in the office on Thursday and will be able to get you the list then as I have to access some of our systems to 
do so. 
Also, 
please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
NY CART Coordinator 
Senior Forensic Examiner 
cell 
desk 
On May 8, 2020 12:10 PM,' 
i=# 
> wrote: 
Following up on the below, I think you had said you expected to be able to get us a list of the devices seized from the 
search warrants at Epstein's residences in New York and the USVI, as well as from his person upon arrest, in about a 
month (during our conference call a month ago) — so wanted to check if we can still expect that very soon? We're waiting 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline —
and also the current timeline on producing the results from those August and September searches? I think you and =I 
were going to coordinate on that, and you had mentioned you expected we'd have it a couple months from our call, which 
would be about a month from now. Wanted to make sure we're still on track. 
thanks, 
From: 
(NY) (FBI) < 
Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 15:27 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
• (NY) (FBI) ce 
(USANYS) [Contractor] < 
(USANYS) •<
> 
(FBI) < 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
>; 
(NY) 
Ok let's plan on 11am tomorrow morning, I am trying to get an FBI line with a larger capacity but I won't know until 
tomorrow am. I will push it out when confirmed. 
Thanks 
From: 
) [mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 3:15 PM 
To: 
(NY) (FBI) <->; 
(NY) [FBI) <
>: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <Christopher.RozierPusdoj.gov>.
(USANYS) < 
>; 
(NY) (FBI) <
> 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
Yes, I can do anytime tomorrow, and 
Rozier can also join anytime tomorrow. So whenever is good on your end. 
Also, we can host a conference call, but only up to six lines at a time — so if FBI has larger capacity than that let us know, 
otherwise I'd propose we do: 
EFTA00009946
--- PAGE 7 ---
1) 
2) I= 
3) -
4) MI 
5) 
6) 
/ 
, if either of you wants to join (and if not, one of 
From: 
(NY) (FBI) c
MI> 
Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 14:13 
To: 
(USANYS) < 
(NY) (FBI)<
>; 
>; 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <
(FBI) <Ma 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
<
M> 
Are
 available tomorrow for a conference call to discuss this issue? 
SSA 
FBI New York 
(NY) 
On Apr 7, 2020 1:55 PM, ' 
wrote: 
i=# 
Following up on this from a month ago — I know we're living in a different world than what existed four weeks ago, but are 
you at all able to assist while working remotely? This has been pending for almost two months and we still don't have a 
very basic list of each device or item that was seized and searched, or for which of those we've received materials. We're 
happy to have a call if that would be useful, but as a first step the most basic thing we're looking for is the info in the 
template spreadsheet we sent earlier (that's also attached). 
thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Monday, March 09, 2020 12:00 
To: 
. (NY) (FBI) dc
:.; 
(USANYS)  
>; 
(NY) (FBI) <
>; 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <
>; 
(FBI) 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
'c
>) 
st
>; 
(NY) 
Unfortunately I don't think this is very helpful to us. Did you take a look at the example spreadsheet I sent on 2/24? The 
excel file you sent has descriptions that don't match up to the items listed in the search warrant returns (that we sent on 
2/23), and we don't have the 1B or CART numbers to be able to cross-reference. We also can't tell what you mean by 
"loose media" without a specific comparison to what was seized, we don't know which items you're referring to as 
EFTA00009947
--- PAGE 8 ---
"Windows machines," and we can't tell whether the entirety of any particular item has been transferred, or just partial. 
For example, it looks like we have gotten very, very few image files, which is surprising. 
We have also encountered some very significant problems in trying to review the more than 1 million documents we 
recently received: 
The data we've received has no way to put any emails and attachments together. So if an email says, "see the 
attached flight records," for example, we have no way of linking that up with the records themselves. Not only is 
that a big problem for us in review, it's going to be a huge problem for producing the documents to defense 
counsel. 
The load file has no link to the native file, so when we load the data to the database, there's no way to have the 
native files show up in the database. Because many of the files are too large to open in the viewer, it effectively 
means that there are many files that are completely invisible to us. 
Related, the control numbers in the load file don't match up to the native files. So we have two sets of numbers 
and no way to match up anything—that is, even if we were to try to go hunt down every individual large file in the 
native files, it would be impossible. 
So the data that we most recently got, we need to get in a form that addresses those issues, and we likely will need to get 
a similar reproduction of the data we received a couple months ago. Otherwise we're sifting through more than a million 
documents without much rhyme or reason. 
I've re-attached the spreadsheet we sent last week — I think that's a good place to start in terms of our necessary record-
keeping, and we need that info at the very least, as well as anything else you think would be useful. Also attaching the SW 
returns for reference. And again, we're happy to meet up anytime and hash all this out in person if that's useful. 
thanks, 
From: 
(NY) (FBI) <
> 
Sent: Wednesday, March 04, 2020 16:36 
To: 
(NY) (FBI) < 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] < 
>; 
>; 
(FBI) <
> 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
) 
(USANYS) 
>; 
(NY) 
Here is a listing of what I have already handed over in load files to the US Attorney's Office for taint review. Some points of 
clarification: There were 9 IDE hard drives found in the Manhattan apartment, they turned out to be 3 copies of 3 drives 
(9 drives in total) from a July 2007 search on one of his properties. I only processed 3 (as they were all copies). All the 
loose media from the NY apartment is included. All the Windows machines from the NY apartment are included. Only 2 
Macs from NY and 1 from the Island are included. 
I will have to more closely coordinate with whoever is loading up Relativity with the remaining Macs as the tool 
they have to be processed with does not easily re-name the load files. 
Spreadsheet is attached. 
NYO CART Coordinator 
Senior Forensic Examiner 
(office) 
EFTA00009948
--- PAGE 9 ---
(cell) 
From: 
) [mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 12:25 PM 
To: 
(NY) (FBI) <
>; 
(NY) (FBI) <
>; 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <Christopher.Rozier@usdoj.gov>.
(NY) (FBI) sc
EM> 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
I could do Thursday morning, but I think it would be helpful for us to get the accounting in advance of the meeting so we 
can figure out in advance what (if any) additional steps we need — is that possible? 
From: 
(NY) (FBI) 
Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 09:59 
To: 
(USANYS)  
(NY) (FBI) 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <
1:.; 
>; 
C
).; 
(FBI) 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
) 
(NY) 
Can we do Thursday morning? My network should be back by then and I can give you a good accounting. 
NY CART Coordinator 
Senior Forensic Examiner 
cell 
desk 
On Mar 2, 2020 11:15 AM, ' 
Doing the weekly check in on this — is there a time this week when everyone can meet on this? 
thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 17:38 
To: 
. (NY) (FBI) <
>; 
(USANYS)  
(NY) (FBI) <
>; 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
) •*
›; 
; 
(NY) 
wrote: 
(FM) <E
>
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
Totally understand about the network issues—we can relate. I do still think it will be helpful to all sit down together to 
have an in-person discussion, to make sure everybody is on the same page. Are folks available for that next week? And 
what I think would be most helpful to facilitate that would be a spreadsheet of each separate device referenced in the two 
EFTA00009949
--- PAGE 10 ---
search warrant returns, with columns for whether we've dumped the contents, whether they've been reviewed and/or 
transferred, what portions were transferred, etc. 
Something roughly like the attached, with any other categories you think would be useful — and the info on the attached is 
mostly hypothetical, obviously, just as examples. That will help us fully understand what's been reviewed, transferred, 
and received so far, and what remains. 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — I think FBI 
was going to do an initial screen to make sure no CP, and since I think the answer was no, we'll need to get those to be 
able to review them as well.) 
many thanks, 
From: 
(NY) (FBI) 
Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 09:24 
To: 
(USANYS) < 
Cc: 
(NY) (FBI) <->; 
(USANYS) < 
> 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <->; 
; 
) c
(NY) 
(FBI) <-> 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
Sony for the delayed response. They are tearing out our old network and giving us a new one, they mandated we 
delete old stuff (about 400 TB worth). Now that they are working on replacing the network, we can do only local 
work. I should be able to give you an accounting of what is what. I can say, off the top of my head, that all 
windows based items from the NY search have been handed over as well as all loose media. The CDs from NY 
only contained pictures, no documents. There are still some Apple items from NY that need to be produced. As 
far as the Island stuff goes, the 1st item on your spreadsheet, the "kitchen" mac has been produced. Still working 
on the rest. 
NY CART Coordinator 
Senior Forensic Examiner 
cell 
desk 
On Feb 23, 2020 12:21 AM, '1 
Team, 
II < 
> wrote: 
Following up on the below from last weekend, I'm still not sure how we're addressing this so I thought it would make 
sense for us to all schedule a (hopefully relatively brief) meeting to all get on the same page? We didn't hear back on 
which files had previously been provided, but our tech folks did their best to differentiate, and we got access to the 
materials yesterday and its well over a million documents, and we don't have any idea what we're looking at — i.e., which 
devices the materials came from, whether it's full or partial results, how many more devices we have coming, etc. 
Based on the attached search warrant returns, it looks like from the New York mansion (the PDF) there are approximately 
devices that would have storage (computers, hard drives, thumb drives, etc.) and that's not even counting at least 60+ 
CDs. And then from the Virgin Islands (the Excel spreadsheet), at least more than 25 devices, including multiple servers / 
server racks. 
So we gotta know what we've already received, what remains, anticipated schedule, etc, and I know it's a lot of moving 
pieces on all sides so wanted to loop in everybody at once. The case team will be in California this coming week from 
EFTA00009950
--- PAGE 11 ---
Tuesday through Friday, but then I think generally around the first week of March, which will hopefully be plenty of time 
to schedule a productive meeting. 
thanks all, 
IM• 
From: 
Sent: Saturday, February 15, 2020 16:30 
To: 
. (NY) (FBI) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <
:>; 
>; 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
ss 
• (NY) (FBI) sc
> 
I'm not sure who's the exact right person to ask this, so wanted to get everybody on one email chain about it — I have the 
hard drive that 
dropped off that has new Epstein search warrant materials, but it looks like there are also old 
materials (that I think we had previously received and uploaded??) on the hard drive, and so I'm not sure what's new. 
Just generally, and 
and I talked about this last week too, but it's basically impossible for us to keep track of what 
we're getting, and what has been completed, without some kind of identification or labeling system, along with a list of 
which devices have been extracted and downloaded. 
So for example on the hard drive currently, there are 38 folders labeled "loadFiles" through "37loadFiles" with a modified 
date of 11/14/19, which I think we may have already previously received — but I'm not sure, because we haven't gotten 
any info on which folders match up to which devices, etc. And then there's another folder titled "NYC024362" that has a 
modified date of 1/27/20, so I think that may be the materials we hadn't previously received? That folder by itself has 
more than 600,000 items. 
I don't want to give 
anything that we've already previously received and uploaded, and I can't tell from the folder or 
file names whether everything on the drive is new, or whether just additional materials were saved onto it in addition to 
what we already have. =, 
are you able to give us some guidance on this? Ultimately what we really need is a 
spreadsheet of every device, whether it's been dumped (or partially dumped), and then identifying that same info —
which device, and what materials from it — are being given to us with each data transfer. Otherwise I think 
organizationally and for review purposes it will be a total disaster for us. 
We're happy to have a meeting on this if that's helpful — and thanks everybody for the assistance. 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00009951


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009952.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009952.pdf
----------------------------------------
STATEMENT IN SUPPORT OF REGISTRATION OF A UNITED STATES 
CIVIL AIRCRAFT IN THE NAME OF A 
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY. 
PLAN D, LLC 
-, a limited liability company of a United States Citizen and is eligible to register aircraft 
in its name. In this regard, we make to following representations: 
1. 
The full name of the Applicant LLC is: PLAN D, LLC 
II. 
The state in which this LLC is lawfully organized is: U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS 
The effective date of the LLC is: OCTOBER 19,2012 
IV. 
The name of each of the members of the LLC and the type of entity of each member 
(i.e.: individual, corporation, partnership, etc.) 
Name 
Type of Entity 
U.S. Citizenship Verification 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Individual 
Y 
X 
Additional Members listed on additional pages: 
Y 
Y 
V. 
This LLC is managed by Managers or Members (Circle One) 
VI. 
The manager(s) or member(s) of this LLC may act independently: Y 
X 
VII. 
The name of the Manager of this LLC LAWRENCE VISOSKI 
The Manager is a(n)_X 
individual 
corporation 
partnership 
 other 
The undersigned certifies that he/she/it understands that an LLC is eligible to register aircraft in its name provided 
that: 
(I) at least 2/3rds of the managers or managing members are "U.S. Citizens" within the meaning of 49 U.S.C. 
Section 40102(2)(15)(C) and: 
(2) at least 75% of the voting interest or units is owned or controlled by persons who are "U.S.citizens" or 
citizens of one of its possessions; and specifically that AN LLC CANNOT REGISTER AS A NON-CITIZENS 
CORPORATION. 
If any member of this LLC is not a United States Citizen as defined in 40102(a)(15)(C) an explanation appears below 
to support the certification that this LLC is a "U.S. Citizen" as required by 49 U.S.C. Section 40102(2)(15)(C). 
The undersigned hereby also certifies that the information given herein is true and correct and meets all citizenship 
specifications as required by the Federal Aviation AdminiStlation. 
PLAIN D, LLC 
L
e 
By: 
wrence Visoski 
Its: Manager 
Accepted CF Mar/31/2017 
EFTA00009952
--- PAGE 2 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION DR 
2011 MAR 29 A 9 09 
8:TAW:IA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00009953


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009954.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009954.pdf
----------------------------------------
LLC STATEMENT IN SUPPORT 
OF REGISTRATION 
HYPERION AIR, LLC is a limited liability company of a United States Citizen and is eligible to 
register aircraft in its name. In this regard, we make the following representations: 
I. The full name of the Applicant LLC is HYPERION AIR, LLC (the "LLC"). 
2. 
The jurisdiction in which the LLC is lawfully organized is the United States Virgin Islands. 
3. 
The effective date of the LLC is October Li, 2012. 
4. 
The name of each of the sole Member of the LLC and the type of entity of the sole Member (i.e., 
individual, corporation, partnership, etc.) is: 
NAME 
U.S. CITIZENSHIP 
TYPE OF ENTITY 
VERIFICATION 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Individual 
YES X  NO 
5. 
The LLC is managed by a Manager. 
6. 
The managers, members or officers of this LLC may act independently YLN_ 
7. 
The name of the sole Manager of the LLC and the type of entity of the sole Manager (i.e., individual, 
corporation, partnership, etc.) is: 
NAME 
Lawrence Visoski 
U.S. CITIZENSHIP 
TYPE OF ENTITY 
VERIFICATION 
Individual 
YES X 
 NO 
The undersigned certifies that he understands that an LLC is eligible to register aircraft in its name provided that: 
(I) at least 2/3rds of the managers or managing members are "U.S. Citizens" within the meaning of 49 U.S.C. 
Section 40102(a)(15)(C) and: 
(2) at least 75% of the voting interest or units is owned or controlled by persons who are "U.S. citizens" or citizens 
of one of its possessions; and specifically that AN LLC CANNOT REGISTER AS A NON•CITIZEN 
CORPORATION. 
If any member of this LLC is not a United States Citizen as defined in 4010200(15)(C) an explanation appears below to 
support the certification that this LLC is a "U.S. Citizen" as required by 49 U.S.C. Section 40102(a)(15)(C). 
The undersigned hereby also certifies that the information given herein is true and correct and meets all citizenship 
specifications as required by the Federal Aviation Administration. 
HYPERION Al L 
By 
Manager 
if 
Visoski 
0 
V 
x 
O 
173 
O 
(.3 
EFTA00009954
--- PAGE 2 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRAT4II.BR. 
2013 AUG 13 RII .7 39 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00009955


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009956.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009956.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department 
of Transportation 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
10/12/2020 
Civil Aviation Registry 
Aircraft Rc istration Branch 
Oklahoma City, OK 73125-0504 
Aviation Safety 
Oklahoma City 
iiii 1.82 
WEB Address: 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
I would like to have 722JH reserved to the undersigned at the following address: 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
Sincerely, 
HYPERION AIR 
Ref: This request was made from the Registry's Web site. Fee paid: $10 (202010121254592484NN) 
Accepted MC Dec/09/2020 
EFTA00009956


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009957.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009957.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: DRAFT 302 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2019 16:57:41 +0000 
Attachments: Interview of 
- DRAFT.pdf 
DRAFT 302 of 
Special gent 
FBI New York Field Office 
Violent Crimes Task Force 
EFTA00009957


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009958.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009958.pdf
----------------------------------------
FD-302 (Rev. 5-8-10) 
-1 of 3-
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
Date of entry 
08/30/2019
Senior Officer Specialist, at Bureau of Prison's (BOP) 
METROPOLITAN CORRECTIONAL CENTER (MCC), 150 Park Row, New York, New York, 
date of birth (DOB) 
was interviewed at the United States 
Attorneys Office (USAO), Southern District of New York (SDNY), 1 St. Andrews 
Plaza New York New York. Present for the interview were FBI Special Agent 
(SA) 
FBI Task Force Officer (TFO) 
Office of 
the Ins 
General OIG SA 
Assistant United States Attorney 
(AUSA) 
and M'
s attorney, Natali 
Todd. AUSA 
advised 
that the interview was in lieu of an 
appearance before the Federal Grand Jury and is voluntary. AUSA 
also 
went over a standard proffer agreement. After being advised of the identity 
of the interviewing investigators and the nature of the interview, 
provided the following information: 
started working for the BOP in February 2011 at Allenwood. 
transferred to MCC in October 2013. 
is a Senior Officer Specialist 
(SOS) but also serves as a Lieutenant. This usually happens when IIIIIIIIis 
working overtime and is in the capacity of an acting activities Lieutenant. 
stated that in order to do a round, an officer has to physically 
go inside the area that is occupied by inmates. As an activities Lieutenant, 
l
akes a round through the Special Housing Unit (SHU) and asks the 
officers in the SHU if things are good. She is usually called numerous times 
to the SHU for certain issues like when an inmate complains that he hasn't 
received something, i.e. property. 
then takes note of the issue and 
advises the Captain. 
As an activities Lieutenant, 
sees a sampling of tiers at MCC 
during her shift. 
uses her PIV Card at a computer terminal to log 
rounds. Each unit at MCC has a different log. 
invcsuptionon 08/20/2019  at New York, New York, United States (In Person) 
File# 90A-NY-3151227 
Date drafted 08/23/2019 
by 
This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the FBI. It is the property of the FBI and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents arc not 
to be distributed outside your agency. 
EFTA00009958
--- PAGE 2 ---
FD-302a (Rev. 5-8-10) 
90A-NY-3151227 
Continuation of FD-302 of (U) Interview of 
00, 08/20/2019 ins, 2 of 3 
works as -n • during her normal shift, which is usually the day 
watch, 8am-4pm. If 
works overtime, she acts as activities Lieutenant 
from 4pm-l0pm. 
has worked as a Corrections Officer in the SHU, 
Mli 
usuall on overtime and on evening watch. During her shifts in the SHU, 
has responsibilities pertaining to the inmates such as phone calls, 
showers, and the library. The 30 minute rounds are recorded in TruScope and 
on paper logs. 
stated that she has not worked with anyone who didn't 
do the rounds. 
participates in the 10am count on the weekends but 
during the week, a count is not done during her regular shift, Bam-4pm. 
During the week, 
leaves before the 10pm count is conducted. 
During a count, all inmates have to be seen. The inmates are counted by 
one officer, then another officer. If there are only two officers working 
during a count, one officer will count the inmates, then the officers switch 
and the other officer will count the inmates. The officers are to only count 
inmates that are physically in their unit. 
In the Control Center, an employee gets information from the person that 
he or she relieves. While in the control center, one has various 
responsibilities such as a fire security check, equipment and key checks, 
and watching the cameras. The person that is designated as Control #2 is 
responsible for preparing the paperwork for the count. 
i l
l
On August 9, 2019, 
worked in the capacity of Lieutenant from 4pm-
10pm. During this time, 
stopped by the SHU. She recalled that regular 
activities and operations were occurring at the time of her visit. 
fed inmates in G Tier and in 10 South, the high security unit. 
recalled seeing JEFFREY EPSTEIN earlier on August 9 around 9am at the 
attorney conference area. EPSTEIN was there with 3 or 4 attorneys who were 
in and out of the facility. 
recalled there being 2 females and 1 
male. At one point, EPSTEIN had to get an officer's attention to use the 
restroom.nas 
not in the SHU when EPSTEIN came back from attorney 
conference. Usually EPSTEIN would be cuffed to go back to the SHU from 
attorney conference around 7:20pm-Bpm. 
doesn't remember anyone talking about a phone call that EPSTEIN 
made on August 9, 2019. She also is not aware of how either of EPSTEIN's 
cellmates were selected. 
only heard things in passing regarding 
EPSTEIN's alleged suicide attempt in July. 
EFTA00009959
--- PAGE 3 ---
ED-302a (Rev. 5-8-10) 
90A-NY-3151227 
Continuation of FU-302 of (U) Interview of 
.On 08/20/2019 ,page 
of 3 
does not know the particular procedures or guidelines regarding an 
inmate who comes off suicide watch. She stated that usually that inmate is 
put with a cellmate, but she does not know if this is policy or just general 
practice. According ti 
as an SOS, she wouldn't know if EPSTEIN was 
supposed a cellmate. A decision such as an inmate needin a cellmate would 
be made at SHU meetings and/or department head meetings. 
doesn't know 
if EPSTEIN had a cellmate the day she was acting Lieutenant. 
advised that the count paperwork stays in Control for 30 days. 
After 30 days, the paperwork is shredded. 
EFTA00009960


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009961.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009961.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "
=.11=MMII
-> 
To: 
Cc "
› 
Subject: 
302 
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2019 16:51:39 +0000 
Attachments: 
.pdf 
Finalized 302 for 
Special Agent 
FBI New York Field Office 
Violent Crimes Task Force 
EFTA00009961


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009962.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009962.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: WSJ article on Deutsche Bank and Epstein charity 
Date: Mon, 09 Sep 2019 00:41:44 +0000 
Thanks, 
. Let's chat in the morning. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 8, 2019, at 7:57 PM, 
> wrote: 
Thought some of this might actually be helpful to you. Just let us know if we're able to guide her on any of 
this. Thx! 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "O'Brien, 
"
Date: Se tember 8, 2019 at 7:19:08 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: WSJ article on Deutsche Bank and Epstein charity 
Hi M, 
I'm working on a story about one of Jeffrey Epstein's recent Virgin Islands-based charities, Gratitude America, 
which is interesting for a few reasons: 
I. It got most of its funding from a $10 million grant from a foundation controlled by Leon Black (of Apollo) 
in 2015 
2. Some of Gratitude's donations between 2016 and 2017, listed in its tax forms, were never received by the 
named charities. 
3. Epstein attempted to use the charity to pay fines in the Virgin Islands. 
4. Gratitude America had a Deutsche Bank account. 
The last point, about Deutsche Bank, is the new news here. To that end, I have a few questions for SDNY 
about the charity and the bank. 
I. We write that SDNY is scrutinizing Epstein's relationship with Deutsche Bank. I believe this has already 
been reported — but a few questions: 
- For fairness reasons: Is it fair to say that Epstein's relationships with ALL his banks is under scrutiny? 
- Is DB in trouble here? Do they face any criminal exposure? 
2. Is SDNY looking into Epstein's work with his nonprofits and foundations? Is there interest in his charities' 
financial transactions, or tax filings? 
EFTA00009962
--- PAGE 2 ---
3. We write that the investigation is ongoing. Does it remain a sex-trafficking investigation, or is this now 
expanding into possible financial wrongdoings and other matters? 
4. As far as you know, are other investigative entities looking at Epstein? NY AG? IRS? 
5. We write that Gratitude America's activity could be of particular interest to prosecutors because the 
transactions took place within the past five years (within the statute of limitations for fraud charges) and 
because they involved some of his closest associates (two of his personal lawyers were on the board, his 
accountant served as the foundation's president). This is just logical, in my mind, and several sources 
suggested it would be of interest — but maybe I'm going too far? 
We are hoping to get this story out tomorrow afternoon or first thing Tuesday. Any guidance would be greatly 
appreciated. 
Thank you, 
Davis O'Brien 
REPORTER 
Th 
M: +1 718 419 4758 O: +1 212 416 2739 
E: 
rdrebeccadobrien 
A: 1211 Avenue of the Americas. New York, NY 10036 
EFTA00009963


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009964.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009964.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: '• 
(USANYS) [Contractor]" 
To: 
(USANYS)" < 
>, " 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: Outstanding requests - update 
Date: Mon, 09 Sep 2019 14:56:03 +0000 
Attachments: 2019.07.27_Daily_Assignment_Roster.pdf 
I'm working though the outstanding requests, specifically those that we sent 
last week. 
The 
Commissary Reports are in the shared here: 
\usa.doj.gov\ clouanys \StAndrewASharealnReEpsteinDeath-2019R01059 \ Evidence Epstein General BOP Records 
Additionally, the records for EM, M, and 
(no 
or =) 
are here as well (in the same document). 
However, all they entail is a single truview page and nothing else. The actual receipts are only for Epstein, M, 
and 
What I'm not sure on is the signed SHU post order review sheets. I have looked through the files and can't seem to find 
them anywhere. Albeit I don't know what they look like but I do think I would have recognized them. I will keep looking. 
Lastly, are the post orders for SHU the same as the daily assignment roster? I've attached one of them as an example. If 
so, we are missing several from the time period that we requested (7/1 - 8/10). 
I'm going to continue to work through the spreadsheet as well. 
Paralegal Specialist 
U.S. Attorney's Office I SDNY 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
Office: 
Cell: 
EFTA00009964


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009965.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009965.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein lost interest in pregnant victim, made her recruit underage girls 
Date: Thu, 12 Sep 2019 14:47:28 +0000 
Thanks. How much of this has she repeated in her interview with us? 
From 
Sent: Thursday, September 12, 2019 10:42 AM 
To 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein lost interest in pregnant victim, made her recruit underage girls 
This is
 whom we've spoken to. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 12, 2019, at 10:41 
wrote: 
https:Thypost.com/2019/09/12/jeffrey-epstein-lost-interest-in-pregnant-victim-made-her-recruit-underage-girls/ 
U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00009965


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009966.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009966.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
(USANYS)" 
To: ' 
(USANYS 
Cc: ' 
(USANYS) [Contractor]" 
Subject: RE: 'I never touched the man,' Jeffrey Epstein's former cellmate insists in letter to Daily News 
Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2019 18:11:39 +0000 
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/jeffrey-epstein-donated-8-9-million-to-harvard-university
ys/
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Friday, September 13, 2019 1:49 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) 
cfl 
c
M
->
Cc: 
(USANYS) [Contractor) 
; 
(USANYS) <
> 
Subject: 'I never touched the man,' Jeffrey Epstein's former cellmate insists in letter to Daily News 
never touched the man,' Jeffrey Epstein's former cellmate insists in letter to Daily News 
NY Daily News 
By Stephen Rex Brown 
9/12/19 
Jeffrey Epstein's former cellmate proclaimed "I never touched the man" in a letter to the Daily News Thursday 
as a probe into the multimillionaire perv's suicide continues. 
Nick Tartaglione, a former Briarcliff Manor cop facing the death penalty for quadruple murder, insisted in a two-
page handwritten note that he shared a cell at Metropolitan Correctional Center with Epstein because he posed 
no threat to the accused sex trafficker of underage girls. 
"As far as Jeff Epstein is concerned, I never touched the man. I despise anyone who hurts children but whatever 
was going to happen to him, I was not going to be a part of it," Tartglione, 51, wrote from an 8-by-10-foot cell he 
called The Box. 
"The prison told Epstein they were putting him in a cell with me because they knew I would neither hurt nor 
extort him. The staff here at MCC had hundreds of inmates to choose from yet I was their first choice," 
Tartglione wrote. 
Epstein's first attempted suicide on July 23 in the cell he shared with Tartaglione. Sources previously told The 
News that Tartaglione believed he may have saved Epstein's life by quickly alerting jail staff to the attempted 
hanging. 
[More New York] State comptroller's annual MTA finance review warns of possible layoffs, growing budget 
gaps » 
Epstein, 66, was moved to suicide watch, separating him from Tartaglione. Sources said at the time that 
investigators were trying to determine whether Tartaglione had assaulted Epstein. 
EFTA00009966
--- PAGE 2 ---
The sex offender was subsequently taken off of suicide watch and hanged himself on Aug. 10 in a cell he 
occupied alone. He was awaiting trial on charges that carried a maximum sentence of 45 years in prison. 
"At or around the time of his death we did not see a despairing or despondent person," Epstein's attorney Reid 
Weingarten said at a recent hearing for the financier's victims. 
The probe of how the pent with powerful friends managed to kill himself includes an examination of the first 
attempt, prosecutors have said in court. Tartaglione's attorney Bruce Barket said he has not been interviewed by 
investigators since Epstein's death. 
"(Tartaglione) has not been questioned by any law enforcement official since July 23," Barket said. 
"I can't imagine how they can claim a complete investigation without speaking to the person who was in the cell 
in that first event." 
A spokesman for the Southern District of New York declined comment. 
Attorney General William Barr said "irregularities" have been uncovered at the nightmarish lockup. The jail staff 
on duty at the time of Epstein's hanging were reportedly exhausted from working multiple overtime shifts and 
failed to follow protocol. The MCC is also coping with longstanding staff shortages. 
"I still have some faith in the justice system," Tartaglione wrote. "Every person in this country has the right to be 
presumed innocent until proven guilty. To anyone who reads this I only ask for that presumption because I 
haven't felt it yet in the past 33 months." 
Tartaglione, who has long complained about conditions at MCC, is seeking to be transferred to another federal 
lockup due to threats he says were made by jail staff after Epstein's suicide. 
"It just doesn't seem appropriate that he be housed and guarded by the very people who are under investigation 
given his proximity to the investigation," Barket said at a recent hearing. 
"My client shouldn't have to fear for his life." 
[More New York] Man found wrapped in a carpet was shot before being tossed outside Harlem Starbucks: cops » 
The attorney said he did not know his client had sent the letter until after it was in the mail. "It's a product of the 
frustration at the entire situation," Barket said. 
The musclebound ex-cop is charged with killing Martin Luna, 41, Hector Santiago, 32, Miguel Luna, 25, and 
Hector Gutierrez, 43, in April 2016, as well as conspiring to distribute over five kilos of cocaine. Prosecutors say 
two of the victims had ties to a Mexican drug cartel. 
The four men's bodies were found buried on Tartaglione's sprawling animal rescue farm in Otisville, Orange 
County. Tartaglione has been locked up since December 2016 and still does not have a trial date. 
EFTA00009967


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009968.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009968.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" 
To: 
(USANYS)" ci 
Cc: 
(USANYS)"  
Subject: RE: Epstein -- Release of USMS information 
Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2019 18:26:05 +0000 
Let us know if you have some time this afternoon. We have something at 2:30 but are otherwise free. 
From: 
(USANYS) <
> 
Sent: Friday, September 13, 2019 2:01 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) <1
=1:2 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) < 
Subject: Epstein -- Release of USMS information 
As you are undoubtedly aware, there has been some press coverage since yesterday about the release pursuant to FOIA of 
some USMS records. I just spoke with the Associate General Counsel at the USMS, who wanted to provide us with the 
actual source materials (USM 11s (equivalent of 302s)) that were inadvertently released, because they were not in all 
circumstances accurately reported, and he wanted to make sure that if we are concerned about any harm to our 
investigation from the release, that we have the original materials. He also offered to serve as a POC if we have any 
questions. 
Chief, Criminal Division 
United States Attorney's Office, SDNY 
EFTA00009968


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009969.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009969.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: Re: Epstein Related 
Date: Sun, 15 Sep 2019 13:15:25 +0000 
Let's chat tomorrow! I'm generally around and will look for you. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 14, 2019, at 7:09 PM, 
wrote: 
Hey I stopped by your office a couple times Thursday and Friday but didn't catch you, sorry about that -- I'm happy to 
chat on Monday if you're around. My guess is that some combination of the press office and brass would make the call, 
but I'm totally happy to touch base with you if that's useful in the first instance. 
From 
Sent: nursaay, September 
zu.t 
To: 
Subject: Epstein Related 
Do you have a few minutes today or tomorrow to discuss something? Specifically, a good friend of mine is the executive 
producer on a 4-part Netflix series that will come out in a few months on Epstein (they had been working on the story 
for 18 months before we charged). He had spoken to 
at one point (not sure how that worked!) and wants 
to see if anyone from the office would give an interview, all backward looking. I imagine the answer is no but they are 
going with this regardless, so thought I would at least make you and potentially chiefs aware of it. Wanted to start with 
you. I'm free between now and noon or after 6pm tonight, or tomorrow morning or after lunch. Thanks! 
EFTA00009969


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009970.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009970.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To 
Subject: RE: Epstein Related 
Date: Sun, 15 Sep 2019 15:27:49 +0000 
Sounds good. 
From: 
Sent: Sunday, September 15, 2019 09:15 
To: 
Subject: Re: Epstein Related 
Let's chat tomorrow! I'm generally around and will look for you. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 14, 2019, at 7:09 PM, 
wrote: 
Hey I stopped by your office a couple times Thursday and Friday but didn't catch you, sorry about that -- I'm happy to 
chat on Monday if you're around. My guess is that some combination of the press office and brass would make the call, 
but I'm totally happy to touch base with you if that's useful in the first instance. 
From: 
Se 
• 
To 
Subject: Epstein Related 
Do you have a few minutes today or tomorrow to discuss something? Specifically, a good friend of mine is the executive 
producer on a 4-part Netflix series that will come out in a few months on Epstein (they had been working on the story 
for 18 months before we charged). He had spoken tom 
at one point (not sure how that worked!) and wants 
to see if anyone from the office would give an interview, all backward looking. I imagine the answer is no but they are 
going with this regardless, so thought I would at least make you and potentially chiefs aware of it. Wanted to start with 
you. I'm free between now and noon or after 6pm tonight, or tomorrow morning or after lunch. Thanks! 
EFTA00009970


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009971.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009971.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
(USANYS)" <1 
Cc: ' 
(USANYS)" < 
Subject: FW: Epstein FOIA Disclosure 
Date: Mon, 16 Sep 2019 13:42:02 +0000 
Attachments: Epstein_ROls.pdf; ATT00001.htm; Disclosure Letter.pdf; ATT00002.htm; 
Epstein_Docs.redacted.pdf; ATT00003.htm; ATT00004.htm 
Embedded: FW:_Freedoin_of Information_Act_Request:_USMSJiles_re:Jeffrey_Epstein.msg 
If of interest, these are the USMS documents that were inadvertently released and are the subject of the NYT piece the 
press office circulated. 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Friday, September 13, 2019 5:16 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: FW: Epstein FOIA Disclosure 
Per discussion. 
From: 
(USMS) 
Sent: Friday, September 13, 2019 2:08 PM 
To: 
(USANYS)
Subject: Epstein FOIA Disclosure 
(USANYS) < 
Thank you for your prompt return call and your time this afternoon. 
Attached above is the material we discussed. 
You or anyone on your staff is welcome to call me if you have any questions or concerns about this material. 
V/r, 
Associate General Counsel 
USMS/HQ/OGC 
EFTA00009971


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009972.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009972.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Marshals Service 
Office of General Counsel 
CG-3, 15th Floor 
Washington, DC 20530-0001 
September 6, 2019 
T. McElwee 
78799-06306786@requests.muckrock.com 
Re: Freedom of Information Act Request No. 2019USMS34199 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Requester: 
The United States Marshals Service (USMS) is responding to your Freedom of 
Information Act (FOIA) request for agency records pertaining to Jeffrey Epstein. 
Pursuant to your request, the USMS conducted a search of its automated files and the 
District Office in the Southern District of New York and located 73 responsive pages. Of these 
pages, 3 pages were found to have originated or contained information which originated from 
the Federal Bureau of Prisons. Those documents have been forwarded to that agency for their 
review and direct response to you. The remaining 70 pages are being released to you and are 
attached hereto. Portions of the pages are being withheld pursuant to FOIA Exemptions (b)(6), 
(b)(7)(C), (b)(7)(E), and (b)(7)(F)• 
FOIA Exemption (b)(6) allows an agency to withhold personnel, medical, and similar 
files, the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal 
privacy. Records that apply to or describe a particular individual, including investigative 
records, qualify as "personnel," "medical," or "similar files" under Exemption 6. FOIA 
Exemption (b)(7)(C) protects records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes to 
the extent that the production of such records or information could reasonably be expected to 
constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy. A discretionary release of such records 
is not appropriate. att United States Department of Justice (DOJ) v. Reporters Committee for 
Freedom of the Press, 489 U.S. 749 (1989). 
FOIA Exemption (b)(7)(F) protects law enforcement information that "could reasonably 
be expected to endanger the life or physical safety of any individual." 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(7)(F) 
(2006), amended by OPEN Government Act of 2007, Pub. L. No. 110175, 121 Stat. 2524. 
Courts have routinely upheld the use of Exemption (b)(7)(F) to protect the identities of law 
enforcement agents, as well as protect the names and identifying information of non-law 
enforcement federal employees, local law enforcement personnel, and other third persons in 
connection with particular law enforcement matters. See Rugiero v. DOJ, 257 F.3d 534, 552 
(6th Cir. 2001); Johnston v. DOJ, No. 97-2173, 1998 WL 518529, *1 (8th Cir. Aug. 10, 1998). 
EFTA00009972
--- PAGE 2 ---
Accordingly, the personally identifiable information of law enforcement officers and 
government employees was withheld from the responsive documentation. The disclosure of 
such sensitive information contained in records compiled for law enforcement purposes to the 
public could subject law enforcement officers and other government personnel to harassment and 
unwelcome contact. This could disrupt and impede official agency activity, as well as endanger 
the safety of law enforcement officials. Additionally, the personally identifiable information of 
third parties named in the records was withheld. The disclosure of third party information could 
constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy and subject the individuals to 
embarrassment, harassment, and undue public attention. Individuals have a recognized privacy 
interest in not being publicly associated with law enforcement investigations, not being 
associated unwarrantedly with alleged criminal activity, and controlling how communications 
about them are disseminated. 
FOIA Exemption (b)(7)(E) exempts from release information that would disclose law 
enforcement techniques or procedures, the disclosure of which could reasonably be expected to 
risk circumvention of the law. Public disclosure of information such as internal URLs, codes, 
and internal identifying numbers could assist unauthorized parties in deciphering the meaning of 
the codes and numbers, aid in gaining improper access to law enforcement databases, and assist 
in the unauthorized party's navigation of these databases. This disclosure of techniques for 
navigating the databases could permit people seeking to violate the law to gain sensitive 
knowledge and take preemptive steps to counter actions taken by USMS during investigatory 
operations. The disclosure of this information serves no public benefit and would not assist the 
public in understanding how the agency is carrying out its statutory responsibilities. 
For your information, Congress excluded three discrete categories of law enforcement 
and national security records from the requirements of the FOIA. ate 5 U.S.C. 552(c) (2006 & 
Supp. IV (2010)). This response is limited to those records that are subject to the requirements 
of the FOIA. This is a standard notification that is given to all our requesters and should not be 
taken as an indication that excluded records do, or do not, exist. 
If you are not satisfied with the response to this request, you may administratively appeal 
by writing to the Director, Office of Information Policy (OIP), United States Department of 
Justice, Suite 11050, 1425 New York Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20530-0001, or you may 
submit an appeal through OIP's FOIAonline portal by creating an account on the following web 
site: hups://foiaonlinesegulations.gov/foia/action/publicihome. Your appeal must be 
postmarked or electronically transmitted within 90 days of the date of my response to your 
request. If you submit your appeal by mail, both the letter and the envelope should be clearly 
marked "Freedom of Information Act Appeal." 
You may also contact the USMS FOIA Officer or our FOIA Public Liaison at (703) 740-
3943 for any further assistance and to discuss any aspect of your request. Additionally, you may 
contact the Office of Government Information Services (OGIS) at the National Archives and 
Records Administration to inquire about the FOIA mediation services they offer. The contact 
information for OGIS is as follows: Office of Government Information Services, National 
Archives and Records Administration, Room 2510, 8601 Adelphi Road, College Park, Maryland 
20740-6001; e-mail at oeis@nara.gov; telephone at 202-741-5770; toll free at 1-877-684-6448; 
or facsimile at 202-741-5769. 
EFTA00009973
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sincerely, 
Associate General Counsel 
FOIA/PA Officer 
Office of General Counsel 
EFTA00009974


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009975.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009975.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein: About the sex trafficking case & accusations I Miami Herald 
Date: Fri, 30 Nov 2018 23:56:42 +0000 
I mportance: Normal 
Are we open on this? Can we be? 
https://www.miamiherald.com/news/locallarticle220097825.html 
EFTA00009975


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009976.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009976.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein: About the sex trafficking case & accusations I Miami Herald 
Date: Sat, 01 Dec 2018 01:27:08 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Great! Would be happy to add another investigation if there's something. 
> On Nov 30, 2018, at 8:22 PM, 
wrote: 
> May have something else for you 
> 
Original Message 
> From: 
> Sent: Fla, 
oven
.l. 
er 
PM 
> To 
> Cc 
> Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein: About the sex trafficking case & accusations I Miami Herald 
> No problem, sounds like an interesting case! 
>> On Nov 30, 2018, at 7:58 PM, 
wrote: 
>> 
» I fear it is. Sony! 
>> 
>> Sent from my iPhone 
>>> On Nov 30, 2018, at 7:11 PM, 
wrote: 
>» 
>» Is it staffed already? 
>» 
>>> 
Ori inal Messa e 
>» From: 
>>> Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 7:06 PM 
>» To: 
>» Cc: 
>>> Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein: About the sex trafficking case & accusations I Miami Herald 
>» 
>» Yes. As of today. On the d/l for now. 
>» 
>» Sent from my iPhone 
>» 
»» On Nov 30, 2018, at 6:56 PM, 
wrote: 
>>» 
»» Are we open on this? Can we be? 
>>» 
>>>> https://www.miamiherald.corn/news/locaUarticle220097825.html 
EFTA00009976


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009977.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009977.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To:" 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: FW: RE: 
Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2018 01:37:07 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Thanks. We are meeting with the case agents on Thursday to discuss next steps and will report back to discuss 
the plan. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 4, 2018, at 8:27 PM, 
• wrote: 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, December 4, 2018 8:27 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: RE: 
In case you hadn't seen it yet. Notable was reference to the sealed Federal indictment. I hadn't realized that he 
had already been indicted when he got the deal. 
https://www-m.cnn.com/2018/12/04/politicsijeffrey-epstein-lawsuit-settled/index.html? 
ehttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnn.com%2F 
Assistant Special Agent in Charge 
New York Field Office 
Original message 
From: ' 
Date: 11/30/18 2:38 PM 
To: ' 
C 
Subject: RE: RE: 
Yes, we can do that 
EFTA00009977
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: 
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 2:33 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: RE: 
Can you all can call my desk
put that out to everyone. 
From: 
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 2:10 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
from one conference room? If that won't work, I'll get a call in number and 
Subject: RE: RE: 
330 is good. 
From: 
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 1:39 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: RE: 
Either of those times work for me. 
and I have a meeting at 2 so 3:30 would be better if possible. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 30, 2018, at 1:35 PM, 
> wrote: 
All, 
We've been able to gather some information on the Jeff Epstein matter and I'd suggest we have a call to determine the 
way forward. Does 3:00 or 3:30 today work? 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 4:40 PM 
To: 
Subject: FW: 
From: 
j [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 1:36 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
EFTA00009978
--- PAGE 3 ---
Have you seen this article? 
https://www.miamiherald.cominews/local/article220097825.html 
Have any insight? From the article is sounds like he cooperated in a financial fraud case and was non-prosd. 
and I can chat whenever. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Human Trafficking Co-Coordinator 
Violent & Organized Crime 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00009979


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009980.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009980.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
To: 
Cc: Christian Everdell c
li=a 
Laura Menninger 
Jeff Pagliuca 
— 
- 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Date: Mon, 08 Nov 2021 16:33:05 +0000 
Attachments: Suggestion_to_Dkt_404.pdf 
Courtesy copy of today's ECF fling 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
then delete this message. Thank you. 
EFTA00009980


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009981.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009981.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: '-(USANYS) 
[Contractor]"  
To: 
(1
.1r> 
'
'USANYS) 
[Contractor)" 
Cc:
)" < 
Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - missing testifying witness materials 
Date: Mon, 08 Nov 2021 17:02:36 +0000 
Attachments: 3521-003.pdf; 3521-004.pdf 
the two re-stamped versions are attached. I'll call BM chambers and set a time for me to bring over the thumb 
drive containing the supplemental 3500 production (with the correct 3521-003 and 3521-004 included). Thanks! 
From 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
Sent: Monday, November 8, 2021 9:48 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - missing testifying witness materials 
USANYS) [Contractor) 
Thanks so much for flagging,
 I just re-stamped the materials as 3521-003 and 3521-004, saved here. I've loaded the 
two files to the thumb drive for 
that contains the supplemental 3500 production and swapped out the incorrect 
versions. If that sounds good to go, I can bring it over to chambers later this morning. 
Since I'm joining this production a bit late, do these two re-stamped files need to be sent out anywhere else? Thanks! 
From: 
(USANYS) 
> 
Sent: Saturday, November 6, 2021 5:59 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <J 
>; 
USANYS) [Contractor) 
Cc: 
Subject: FW: US v. Maxwell - missing testifying witness materials 
The index listed this correctly as 3521-003 and 3521-004, but we produced as 3521-004 and 3521-005 (I think). When you 
have a chance, can you please confirm? If so, I think let's reproduce as 3521-003 an 3521-004, but let me know if you 
think that will be more confusing/make more work. 
Thanks, 
From: Laura Menninger 
Sent: Saturday, November 6, 2021 5:53 PM 
To: 
< 
>; 
(USANYS) < 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] US v. Maxwell - missing testifying witness materials 
Counsel — 
We were not provided 
521-003 material. 
>*, 
EFTA00009981
--- PAGE 2 ---
Can you please confirm whether that was intentional, and if not, provide it? 
Thank you, 
Laura 
Laura A. Henninger I Partner 
Haddon, Morean & Foreman, P.C. 
EFTA00009982


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009983.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009983.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Daubert motion 
Date: Tue, 09 Nov 2021 03:37:45 +0000 
Attachments: Exhibit_B.pdf 
(USANYS)" 
Thanks, 
I'd been planning to redact the exhibits, but the attached one is somewhat complicated to redact. Do 
we think Judge Nathan would let us just file it under seal? If we do, we can docket the whole motion and just submit this 
one exhibit under seal. 
From 
Sent: Monda November 8, 2021 9:43 PM 
To: 
) 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Daubert motion 
USANYS) 
Thanks very much, 
I've reviewed and have no substantive edits. There were a few typos, but I gather from the 
email chain that multiple proofreads are ongoing, so don't want to clutter your inbox with track changes on those. Agree, 
there is no need to redact this filing and agree with your proposed approach to the exhibits. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, November 8, 2021 7:02 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: FW: Daubert motion 
This is the version ready for you, and specifically, Part I.C.4-6. 
(USANYS) 
Also, team, I don't think we need to redact this filing, but we definitely want to redact the defense expert notice and the 
attached defense list of material, so I'm inclined to just file these temporarily under seal again. Let me know your 
thoughts, and I'll add our customary sealing footnote. 
From 
Sent: Monday, November 8, 2021 6:57 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Daubert motion 
He'
Passing the pen back to you while I'm joining the Rocchio witness prep. 
EFTA00009983
--- PAGE 2 ---
I've inputted the chiefs' comments, Es 
comments, and the citecheck from 
I'll be done with the webex at 10 and 
will finalize the exhibit attachments then. So that leaves inputting the intern citecheck from 
which I've also 
attached, making sure those two articles don't contain any bombs before we file them, and anything else you have the 
time or inclination to do. 
Thank you again for all your help with this! 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Saint Andrews Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
EFTA00009984


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009985.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009985.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Christian Everdell 
To: 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
, Laura Menninger 
"bcsternhei 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Defense Rule 16 Disclosure 
Date: Tue, 09 Nov 2021 02:32:24 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.11.08_Letter to_Govemment_re_Rule_16_Disclosure.PDF; 
Ex._A_AT&T_Certification.pdf; Ex._B_FedEx_Certification.pdf; 
Ex._C_List_of Certified_FedEx_Invoices.pdf; Ex._D_Interlochen_Records.pdf; 
Ex._E_A._Farmer Release_(Redacted).pdf; Ex._F_Epstein_NPA.pdf 
Inline-Images: image001.gif; image002.gif 
Attached is the defense Rule 16 disclosure. 
Regards, 
Chris 
Christian R Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
New York i Paris i Washington DC I London 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only 
the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
review. dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error. please immediately notify 
the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you. 
PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacypoky can be viewed at. 
SI os:/kiww.cohenpressencom/privackpolicx
EFTA00009985


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009986.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009986.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit B 
EFTA00009986
--- PAGE 2 ---
FedEx 
Express 
Subpoena Compliance Group 
Litigation Department 
3620 Hacks Cron Road 
Building B. 2nd Rocs 
Memphis, TN 31125 
Certification of Business Records 
the undersigned, declare that I am employed by Fedex Express in the Legal 
Department as a Senior Paralegal Specialist and Custodian of Records and by reason of my 
position am authorized and qualified to make this declaration. 
I further declare that the documents are original records or true copies of records that were: 
1. 
made at or near the time of the occurrence of the matters described in the 
documents, by (or from information transmitted by) a person with knowledge of 
those matters; 
2. 
kept in the course of regularly conducted business activity; and 
3. 
made by the said business activity as a regular practice. 
I declare, certify, verify, and state under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. 
Date of Execution: 
Place of Execution: 
FedEx Express 
Legal Department 
3620 Hacks Cross Road 
Building B — Third Floor 
Memphis, TN 38125 
Senior Pa legal 
and Custodian of Records 
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED before me on this 
My Commission Expires: t7 LI/2212o 25 
Notary Public in and for 
The State of Tennessee 
OF  
TENNESSEE r
I.. PUBLIC 
/ s 
Ski .... 
t•i1/41.L ,
it) 
. 
44,/
W .
SS/ONA.S 
EFTA00009987


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00009988.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00009988.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit C 
EFTA00009988
--- PAGE 2 ---
INVOICE # 
DATE 
ACCT # 
0-008-75783 
9/23/2005 
229207504 
1-510-70083 
12/19/2003 
229207504 
1-511-12508 
12/26/2003 
229207504 
1-520-10533 
12/15/2003 
114420816 
1-520-23635 
12/15/2003 
114420816 
1-520-53636 
12/15/2003 
114420816 
1-520-54564 
12/22/2003 
114420816 
1-520-59644 
12/22/2003 
114420816 
1-520-95145 
12/29/2003 
114420816 
1-521-05034 
12/29/2003 
114420816 
1-521-28589 
1/5/2004 
114420816 
1-521-37706 
1/5/2004 
114420816 
1-521-62031 
1/12/2004 
114420816 
1-521-73658 
1/12/2004 
114420816 
1-558-21719 
1/16/2004 
229207504 
1-559-14625 
2/2/2004 
229207504 
1-559-23435 
1/30/2004 
229207504 
1-559-71155 
2/6/2004 
229207504 
1-568-02887 
1/19/2004 
114420816 
1-568-12826 
1/19/2004 
114420816 
1-568-42847 
1/26/2004 
114420816 
1-568-60389 
1/26/2004 
114420816 
1-568-96363 
2/4/2004 
114420816 
1-569-15758 
2/2/2004 
114420816 
1-569-52490 
2/6/2004 
114420816 
1-569-71267 
2/9/2004 
114420816 
1-596-42828 
2/9/2000 
181497793 
1-606-30926 
2/16/2004 
229207504 
1-607-48682 
3/1/2004 
229207504 
1-616-10233 
2/16/2004 
114420816 
1-616-30911 
2/16/2004 
114420816 
1-616-69056 
2/23/2004 
114420816 
1-616-88199 
2/23/2000 
114420816 
1-617-24260 
3/1/2004 
114420816 
1-617-45296 
3/1/2004 
114420816 
1-617-80478 
3/8/2004 
114420816 
1-617-98318 
3/8/2004 
114420816 
1-646-19156 
3/1/2004 
181497793 
1-647-36442 
3/15/2004 
181497793 
1-654-03201 
3/8/2004 
229207504 
1-654-65250 
3/15/2004 
229207504 
1-655-26527 
3/19/2004 
229207504 
1-655-85349 
3/29/2000 
229207504 
1-655-95220 
3/26/2004 
229207504 
1-664-41268 
3/15/2004 
114420816 
1-664-61773 
3/15/2004 
114420816 
EFTA00009989
--- PAGE 3 ---
1-665-01443 
3/22/2004 
114420816 
1-665-20028 
3/22/2004 
114420816 
1-665-59226 
3/29/2004 
114420816 
1-665-67557 
3/29/2004 
114420816 
1-693-09479 
4/5/2004 
181497793 
1-702-43949 
4/5/2004 
229207504 
1-703-01993 
4/9/2004 
229207504 
1-703-63099 
4/19/2004 
229207504 
1-712-14737 
4/5/2004 
114420816 
1-712-33874 
4/5/2004 
114420816 
1-712-72819 
4/12/2004 
114420816 
1-712-93193 
4/12/2004 
114420816 
1-713-30004 
4/16/2004 
114420816 
1-713-32317 
4/19/2004 
114420816 
1-713-53548 
4/19/2004 
114420816 
1-713-90779 
4/26/2004 
114420816 
1-743-45207 
5/3/2004 
181497793 
1-743-92756 
5/10/2004 
181497793 
1-750-23136 
4/26/2004 
229207504 
1-750-79131 
4/30/2004 
229207504 
1-751-36908 
5/7/2004 
229207504 
1-751-99648 
5/17/2004 
229207504 
1-759-98062 
5/18/2004 
258776224 
1-762-10571 
4/26/2004 
114420816 
1-762-47445 
5/3/2004 
114420816 
1-762-66902 
5/3/2004 
114420816 
1-763-04466 
5/10/2004 
114420816 
1-763-13304 
5/10/2004 
114420816 
1-763-64218 
5/17/2004 
114420816 
1-763-84783 
5/17/2004 
114420816 
1-791-23871 
5/24/2004 
181497793 
1-799-18330 
5/28/2004 
229207504 
1-799-72162 
6/4/2004 
229207504 
1-810-24381 
5/24/2004 
114420816 
1-810-44442 
5/24/2004 
114420816 
1-810-82230 
5/31/2004 
114420816 
1-811-01689 
6/1/2004 
114420816 
1-811-34647 
6/7/2004 
114420816 
1-811-53729 
6/7/2004 
114420816 
1-811-92332 
6/14/2004 
114420816 
1-839-54068 
6/21/2004 
181497793 
1-846-39927 
6/11/2004 
229207504 
1-847-51358 
5/25/2004 
229207504 
1-858-12740 
6/14/2004 
114420816 
1-858-51975 
6/21/2004 
114420816 
1-858-72484 
6/21/2004 
114420816 
1-859-10707 
6/28/2004 
114420816 
EFTA00009990
--- PAGE 4 ---
1-859-28761 
6/28/2004 
114420816 
1-859-65540 
7/5/2004 
114420816 
1-859-85750 
7/6/2004 
114420816 
1-884-10983 
6/28/2004 
181497793 
1-894-08222 
7/2/2004 
229207504 
1-894-63018 
7/9/2000 
229207504 
1-894-71604 
7/9/2004 
229207504 
1-895-20671 
7/16/2004 
229207504 
1-895-87086 
7/23/2004 
229207504 
1-906-19534 
7/12/2004 
114420816 
1-906-38164 
7/12/2004 
114420816 
1-906-77160 
7/19/2004 
114420816 
1-906-97486 
7/19/2004 
114420816 
1-907-33889 
7/28/2004 
114420816 
1-907-42397 
7/26/2004 
114420816 
1-907-89571 
8/3/2004 
114420816 
1-907-98996 
8/2/2004 
114420816 
1-932-26226 
7/26/2004 
181497793 
1-942-41866 
8/2/2004 
229207504 
1-942-94202 
8/9/2000 
229207504 
1-943-52024 
8/13/2004 
229207504 
1-956-44249 
8/9/2004 
114420816 
1-956-65359 
8/9/2004 
114420816 
1-957-03550 
8/16/2004 
114420816 
1-957-24509 
8/16/2004 
114420816 
1-957-62949 
8/23/2004 
114420816 
1-957-82635 
8/23/2004 
114420816 
1-957-82636 
8/23/2004 
114420816 
1-982-67877 
8/23/2004 
181497793 
1-990-70522 
8/27/2004 
229207504 
1-991-26637 
9/6/2004 
229207504 
1-991-35631 
9/3/2004 
229207504 
1-991-82316 
9/10/2004 
229207504 
3-100-30666 
9/26/2005 
114420816 
3-110-27862 
9/30/2005 
229207504 
3-112-11021 
10/3/2005 
114420816 
3-122-40512 
10/7/2005 
229207504 
3-800-27098 
4/29/2005 
229207504 
3-802-54690 
5/2/2005 
114420816 
3-812-70489 
5/6/2005 
229207504 
3-814-45012 
5/9/2005 
114480816 
3-825-02846 
5/13/2000 
229207504 
3-826-91128 
5/15/2005 
114420816 
3-837-44281 
5/20/2005 
229207504 
3-839-26668 
5/23/2005 
114420816 
3-851-30166 
5/30/2005 
114420816 
3-861-65245 
6/6/2005 
114420816 
EFTA00009991
--- PAGE 5 ---
3-873-84331 
6/13/2005 
114420816 
3-884-04128 
6/17/2005 
229207504 
3-885-90044 
6/20/2005 
114420816 
3-896-45132 
6/24/2005 
229207504 
3-898-23490 
6/27/2005 
114420816 
3-907-96196 
7/1/2005 
229207504 
3-909-73674 
7/4/2005 
114420816 
3-919-11180 
7/8/2005 
229207504 
3-920-81044 
7/12/2005 
114420816 
3-930-61878 
7/15/2005 
229207504 
3-932-46564 
7/18/2005 
114420816 
3-942-80326 
7/22/2005 
229207504 
3-944-60378 
7/25/2005 
114420816 
4-012-22811 
11/5/2001 
114420816 
4-012-58804 
11/12/2001 
114420816 
4-012-92239 
11/19/2001 
114420816 
4-013-07077 
11/20/2001 
114420816 
4-013-24579 
11/26/2001 
114420816 
4-013-53488 
12/3/2001 
114420816 
4-013-86582 
12/10/2001 
114420816 
4-026-04543 
11/2/2001 
229207504 
4-026-10898 
11/2/2001 
229207504 
4-026-40243 
11/9/2001 
229207504 
4-026-74743 
11/16/2001 
229207504 
4-026-80553 
11/16/2001 
229207504 
4-027-07958 
11/23/2001 
229207504 
4-027-13604 
11/23/2001 
229207504 
4-027-36841 
11/30/2001 
229207504 
4-027-42968 
11/30/2001 
229207504 
4-027-69695 
12/7/2001 
229207504 
4-044-53159 
12/7/2001 
181497793 
4-044-84452 
12/21/2001 
181497793 
4-044-88421 
12/24/2001 
181497793 
4-045-21142 
12/31/2001 
181497793 
4-045-81719 
1/14/2002 
181497793 
4-060-20354 
12/17/2001 
114420816 
4-060-51547 
12/20/2001 
114420816 
4-060-55801 
12/24/2001 
114420816 
4-060-88625 
12/31/2001 
114420816 
4-061-16096 
1/7/2002 
114420816 
4-061-46709 
1/14/2002 
114420816 
4-061-81192 
1/21/2002 
114420816 
4-061-91800 
1/21/2002 
114420816 
4-070-04602 
12/14/2001 
229207504 
4-070-39935 
12/21/2001 
229207504 
4-070-74317 
12/28/2001 
229207504 
4-071-02696 
1/4/2002 
229207504 
EFTA00009992
--- PAGE 6 ---
4-071-33186 
1/11/2002 
229207504 
4-092-82135 
2/4/2002 
181497793 
4-093-55381 
2/18/2002 
181497793 
4-093-91462 
2/25/2002 
181497793 
4-093-99716 
2/25/2002 
181497793 
4-110-15725 
1/28/2002 
114420816 
4-110-24438 
1/28/2002 
114420816 
4-110-46198 
2/4/2002 
114420816 
4-110-51554 
2/4/2002 
114420816 
4-110-83559 
2/11/2002 
114420816 
4-110-92668 
2/11/2002 
114420816 
4-111-18042 
2/18/2002 
114420816 
4-111-29087 
2/18/2002 
114420816 
4-111-54845 
2/25/2002 
114420816 
4-111-65127 
2/25/2002 
114420816 
4-111-90087 
3/4/2002 
114420816 
4-116-02417 
1/25/2002 
229207504 
4-116-32916 
2/1/2002 
229207504 
4-116-69026 
2/8/2002 
229207504 
4-116-75334 
2/8/2002 
229207504 
4-117-05135 
2/15/2002 
229207504 
4-117-41304 
2/22/2002 
229207504 
4-117-76882 
3/1/2002 
229207504 
4-141-45842 
3/25/2002 
181497793 
4-156-00659 
3/4/2002 
114420816 
4-156-63908 
3/18/2002 
114420816 
4-156-63909 
3/18/2002 
114420816 
4-156-74178 
3/18/2002 
114420816 
4-156-99882 
3/25/2002 
114420816 
4-157-10821 
3/25/2002 
114420816 
4-157-35704 
4/1/2002 
114420816 
4-157-46789 
4/1/2002 
114420816 
4-157-71390 
4/8/2002 
114420816 
4-157-81243 
4/8/2002 
114420816 
4-164-14676 
3/8/2002 
229207504 
4-164-20604 
3/8/2002 
229207504 
4-164-50919 
3/15/2002 
229207504 
4-164-87828 
3/22/2002 
229207504 
4-164-94312 
3/22/2002 
229207504 
4-165-23881 
3/29/2002 
229207504 
4-165-59601 
4/5/2002 
229207504 
4-165-95930 
4/12/2002 
229207504 
4-202-08391 
4/15/2002 
114420816 
4-202-19635 
4/15/2002 
114420816 
4-202-46947 
4/23/2002 
114420816 
4-202-57238 
4/22/2002 
114420816 
4-202-83195 
4/29/2002 
114420816 
EFTA00009993
--- PAGE 7 ---
4-202-87485 
4/29/2002 
114420816 
4-203-17532 
5/6/2002 
114420816 
4-203-28533 
5/6/2002 
114420816 
4-203-55443 
5/13/2002 
114420816 
4-203-66544 
5/13/2002 
114420816 
4-203-93495 
5/20/2002 
114420816 
4-212-35326 
4/19/2002 
229207504 
4-212-41560 
4/18/2002 
229207504 
4-212-78668 
4/26/2002 
229207504 
4-250-05308 
5/20/2002 
114420816 
4-250-31557 
5/27/2002 
114420816 
4-250-43495 
5/28/2002 
114420816 
4-250-65822 
6/3/2002 
114420816 
4-250-76104 
6/3/2002 
114420816 
4-251-00828 
6/10/2002 
114420816 
4-251-11858 
6/10/2002 
114420816 
4-251-40661 
6/17/2002 
114420816 
4-251-51779 
6/17/2002 
114420816 
4-251-79539 
6/24/2002 
114420816 
4-251-90330 
6/24/2002 
114420816 
4-254-21730 
5/24/2002 
229207504 
4-254-55314 
5/31/2002 
229207504 
4-254-90621 
6/7/2002 
229207504 
4-254-97495 
6/7/2002 
229207504 
4-286-18475 
6/24/2002 
181497793 
4-298-17889 
7/1/2002 
114420816 
4-298-28900 
7/1/2002 
114420816 
4-298-54552 
7/8/2002 
114420816 
4-298-64238 
7/8/2002 
114420816 
4-298-89810 
7/15/2002 
114420816 
4-299-01105 
7/15/2002 
114420816 
4-299-28945 
7/22/2002 
114420816 
4-299-39827 
7/22/2002 
114420816 
4-299-66158 
7/29/2002 
114420816 
4-299-75703 
7/29/2002 
114420816 
4-302-08268 
6/28/2002 
229207504 
4-302-14696 
6/28/2002 
229207504 
4-302-45427 
7/5/2002 
229207504 
4-302-81583 
7/12/2002 
229207504 
4-303-20339 
7/19/2002 
229207504 
4-303-26757 
7/19/2002 
229207504 
4-303-58664 
7/26/2002 
229207504 
4-303-93139 
8/2/2002 
229207504 
4-303-99831 
8/2/2002 
229207504 
4-346-32265 
8/9/2002 
229207504 
4-346-70066 
8/16/2002 
229207504 
4-347-10263 
8/23/2002 
229207504 
EFTA00009994
--- PAGE 8 ---
4-347-16247 
8/23/2002 
229207504 
4-347-47185 
8/30/2002 
229207504 
4-347-53535 
8/30/2002 
229207504 
4-347-84090 
9/6/2002 
229207504 
4-348-01486 
8/5/2002 
114420816 
4-348-12392 
8/5/2002 
114420816 
4-348-39347 
8/12/2002 
114420816 
4-348-50250 
8/12/2002 
114420816 
4-348-78549 
8/19/2002 
114420816 
4-348-90470 
8/19/2002 
114420816 
4-348-16654 
8/26/2002 
114420816 
4-349-28057 
8/26/2002 
114420816 
4-349-53488 
9/2/2002 
114420816 
4-349-65297 
9/3/2002 
114420816 
4-349-90332 
9/9/2002 
114420816 
4-380-72532 
9/16/2002 
181497793 
4-381-13231 
9/23/2002 
181497793 
4-394-62836 
9/20/2002 
229207504 
4-395-01037 
9/27/2002 
229207504 
4-395-08301 
9/27/2002 
229207504 
4-395-39826 
10/4/2002 
229207504 
4-395-78997 
10/11/2002 
229207504 
4-396-00095 
9/9/2002 
114420816 
4-396-27871 
9/16/2002 
114420816 
4-396-40289 
9/16/2002 
114420816 
4-396-68050 
9/23/2002 
114420816 
4-396-80129 
9/23/2002 
114420816 
4-397-07556 
9/30/2002 
114420816 
4-397-18638 
9/30/2002 
114420816 
4-397-46972 
10/7/2002 
114420816 
4-397-56382 
10/7/2002 
114420816 
4-397-85573 
10/14/2002 
114420816 
4-397-96933 
10/14/2002 
114420816 
4-427-09197 
10/28/2002 
181497793 
4-427-88886 
11/11/2002 
181497793 
4-442-19632 
10/18/2022 
229207504 
4-442-26251 
10/18/2002 
229207504 
4-442-59303 
10/28/2002 
229207504 
4-442-72765 
10/25/2002 
229207504 
4-442-95915 
11/1/2002 
229207504 
4-443-01289 
11/1/2002 
229207504 
4-443-36929 
11/8/2002 
229207504 
4-446-26115 
10/22/2002 
114420816 
4-446-37038 
10/21/2002 
114420816 
4-446-62537 
10/28/2002 
114420816 
4-446-75431 
10/28/2002 
114420816 
4-447-00847 
11/4/2002 
114420816 
EFTA00009995
--- PAGE 9 ---
4-447-12299 
11/4/2002 
114420816 
4-447-40902 
11/11/2002 
114420816 
4-447-52055 
11/11/2002 
114420816 
4-447-80862 
11/18/2002 
114420816 
4-447-92160 
11/18/2002 
114420816 
4-474-29369 
11/18/2002 
181497793 
4-486-55100 
11/29/2002 
229207504 
4-486-92384 
12/6/2002 
229207504 
4-487-30791 
12/13/2002 
229207504 
4-494-19676 
11/25/2002 
114420816 
4-494-31285 
11/25/2002 
114420816 
4-494-58432 
12/2/2002 
114420816 
4-494-69923 
12/2/2002 
114420816 
4-494-94773 
12/9/2002 
114420816 
4-495-05371 
12/9/2002 
114420816 
4-495-33932 
12/16/2002 
114420816 
4-495-45970 
12/16/2002 
114420816 
4-495-75031 
12/23/2002 
114420816 
4-495-86910 
12/23/2002 
114420816 
4-495-86911 
12/23/2002 
114420816 
4-534-45348 
1/3/2003 
229207504 
4-534-80363 
1/10/2002 
229207504 
4-535-18993 
1/17/2003 
229207504 
4-535-60012 
1/24/2003 
229207504 
4-535-95799 
1/31/2003 
229207504 
4-540-13741 
12/30/2002 
114420816 
4-540-22984 
12/30/2002 
114420816 
4-540-46240 
1/6/2003 
114420816 
4-540-55582 
1/6/2003 
114420816 
4-540-81549 
1/13/2003 
114420816 
4-540-92282 
1/13/2003 
114420816 
4-541-21015 
1/20/2003 
114420816 
4-541-33075 
1/20/2003 
114420816 
4-541-60072 
1/27/2003 
114420816 
4-541-71765 
1/27/2003 
114420816 
4-541-97997 
2/3/2003 
114420816 
4-580-35678 
2/7/2003 
229207504 
4-580-75323 
2/17/2002 
229207504 
4-581-64380 
2/28/2003 
229207504 
4-581-97705 
3/7/2003 
229207504 
4-586-08875 
2/3/2003 
114420816 
4-586-36059 
2/11/2003 
114420816 
4-586-46819 
2/10/2002 
114420816 
4-586-76313 
2/17/2003 
114420816 
4-586-88576 
2/17/2003 
114420816 
4-587-16747 
2/24/2003 
114420816 
4-587-28864 
2/24/2003 
114420816 
EFTA00009996
--- PAGE 10 ---
3/3/2003 
114420816 
4-587-59337 
4-587-69359 
3/3/2003 
114420816 
4-587-97616 
3/10/2003 
114420816 
4-619-06857 
3/17/2003 
181497793 
4-628-04760 
3/7/2003 
229207504 
4-628-41004 
3/14/2003 
229207504 
4-628-82719 
3/21/2003 
229207504 
4-692-24197 
3/28/2003 
229207504 
4-629-30982 
3/28/2003 
229207504 
4-629-64720 
4/4/2003 
229207504 
4-634-09760 
3/10/2003 
114420816 
4-634-39001 
3/17/2003 
114420816 
4-634-52382 
3/17/2003 
114420816 
4-635-81383 
3/24/2003 
114420816 
4-634-94463 
3/24/2003 
114420816 
4-635-22969 
3/31/2003 
114420816 
4-635-35264 
3/31/2003 
114420816 
4-635-63926 
4/7/2003 
114420816 
4-635-75417 
4/7/2003 
114420816 
4-676-12572 
4/11/2003 
229207504 
4-686-91369 
4/25/2003 
229207504 
4-677-28585 
5/2/2003 
229207504 
4-677-70968 
5/9/2003 
229207504 
4-682-07082 
4/14/2003 
114420816 
4-682-17901 
4/14/2003 
114420816 
4-682-47233 
4/21/2003 
114420816 
4-682-61255 
4/21/2003 
114420816 
4-682-89126 
4/28/2003 
114420816 
4-682-99678 
4/28/2003 
114420816 
4-683-26558 
5/5/2003 
114420816 
4-683-39263 
5/5/2003 
114420816 
4-683-67442 
5/12/2003 
114420816 
4-683-80058 
5/12/2003 
114420816 
4-714-27396 
5/12/2003 
181497793 
4-724-12638 
5/16/2003 
229207504 
4-724-92878 
5/30/2003 
229207504 
4-724-92879 
5/19/2003 
114420816 
4-724-92880 
5/19/2003 
114420816 
4-724-92881 
5/26/2003 
114420816 
4-724-92882 
5/27/2003 
114420816 
4-724-92883 
6/2/2003 
114420816 
4-724-92884 
6/2/2003 
114420816 
4-724-92885 
6/9/2003 
114420816 
4-724-92886 
6/9/2003 
114420816 
4-724-92887 
6/16/2003 
114420816 
4-724-92888 
6/16/2003 
114420816 
4-724-92889 
6/27/2003 
229207504 
EFTA00009997
--- PAGE 11 ---
4-724-92890 
7/7/2003 
229207504 
4-724-92891 
7/7/2003 
229207504 
4-724-92892 
7/11/2003 
229207504 
4-724-92893 
7/18/2003 
229207504 
4-724-92894 
6/23/2003 
114420816 
4-724-92895 
6/23/2003 
114420816 
4-780-53488 
7/1/2003 
114420816 
4-780-68260 
6/30/2003 
114420816 
4-780-87008 
7/7/2003 
114420816 
4-781-06566 
7/8/2003 
114420816 
4-781-28962 
7/14/2003 
114420816 
4-781-41152 
7/14/2003 
114420816 
4-781-70297 
7/21/2003 
114420816 
4-781-83509 
7/21/2003 
114420816 
4-818-19555 
7/25/2003 
229207504 
4-818-26177 
7/25/2003 
229207504 
4-818-56743 
8/1/2003 
229207504 
4-818-63521 
8/1/2003 
229207504 
4-818-98378 
8/8/2003 
229207504 
4-819-38157 
8/18/2003 
229207504 
4-826-12175 
7/28/2003 
114420816 
4-826-22795 
7/28/2003 
114420816 
4-826-48967 
8/7/2003 
114420816 
4-826-61209 
8/4/2003 
114420816 
4-826-89274 
8/11/2003 
114420816 
4-827-01229 
8/11/2003 
114420816 
4-827-29315 
8/18/2003 
114420816 
4-827-42298 
8/18/2003 
114420816 
4-827-69622 
8/25/2003 
114420816 
4-827-82301 
8/25/2003 
114420816 
4-859-62957 
9/15/2003 
181497793 
4-866-19284 
8/29/2003 
229207504 
4-866-58044 
9/5/2003 
229207504 
4-866-97797 
9/12/2003 
229207504 
4-867-39701 
9/19/2003 
229207504 
4-867-47146 
9/19/2003 
229207504 
4-867-81767 
9/26/2003 
229207504 
4-870-88673 
8/24/1999 
114420816 
4-874-09579 
9/1/2003 
114420816 
4-874-14925 
9/2/2003 
114420816 
4-874-47422 
9/8/2003 
114420816 
4-874-58992 
9/8/2003 
114420816 
4-874-97868 
9/15/2003 
114420816 
4-874-99499 
9/15/2003 
114420816 
4-875-30434 
9/22/2003 
114420816 
4-875-41736 
9/22/2003 
114420816 
4-875-69516 
9/29/2003 
114420816 
EFTA00009998
--- PAGE 12 ---
4-875-80644 
9/29/2003 
114420816 
4-914-57565 
10/10/2003 
229207504 
4-914-65424 
10/13/2003 
229207504 
4-915-02593 
10/17/2003 
229207504 
4-915-43122 
10/24/2003 
229207504 
4-915-50560 
10/24/2003 
229207504 
4-922-07061 
10/7/2003 
114420816 
4-922-12603 
10/6/2003 
114420816 
4-922-50154 
10/14/2003 
114420816 
4-922-55253 
10/13/2003 
114420816 
4-922-89924 
10/20/2003 
114420816 
4-923-02374 
10/20/2003 
114420816 
4-923-30001 
10/27/2003 
114420816 
4-923-41394 
10/27/2003 
114420816 
4-923-68060 
11/3/2003 
114420816 
4-923-80397 
11/3/2003 
114420816 
4-962-22711 
11/10/2003 
229207504 
4-962-64075 
11/17/2003 
229207504 
4-963-06250 
11/21/2003 
229207504 
4-963-12823 
11/21/2003 
229207504 
4-963-47898 
11/28/2003 
229207504 
4-963-84641 
12/5/2003 
229207504 
4-972-08970 
11/10/2003 
114420816 
4-972-21089 
11/10/2003 
114420816 
4-972-49992 
11/17/2003 
114420816 
4-972-56038 
11/17/2003 
114420816 
4-972-91121 
11/24/2003 
114420816 
4-973-03945 
11/24/2003 
114420816 
4-973-32338 
12/1/2003 
114420816 
4-973-32517 
12/1/2003 
114420816 
4-973-44322 
12/1/2003 
114420816 
4-973-68926 
12/8/2003 
114420816 
4-973-81890 
12/8/2003 
114420816 
5-367-20175 
2/14/2005 
114420816 
5-378-21077 
2/18/2000 
229207504 
5-380-11447 
2/21/2005 
114420816 
5-392-56428 
2/28/2005 
114420816 
5-402-96476 
3/4/2005 
229207504 
5-404-82043 
3/7/2005 
114420816 
5-417-58276 
3/14/2005 
114420816 
5-427-69353 
3/21/2005 
229207504 
5-429-67068 
3/21/2005 
114420816 
5-440-53980 
3/25/2005 
229207504 
5-442-31459 
3/28/2005 
114420816 
5-453-48452 
4/4/2005 
114420816 
5-465-79024 
4/11/2005 
114420816 
5-476-03876 
4/15/2005 
229207504 
EFTA00009999
--- PAGE 13 ---
5-477-80823 
5-488-67970 
5-490-49755 
5-491-01871 
5-504-66113 
5-506-44038 
5-518-00672 
5-528-29874 
5-530-26724 
5-540-72183 
5-540-83798 
5-541-32727 
5-541-59418 
5-541-87068 
5-542-59311 
5-543-09539 
5-556-31865 
5-565-53312 
5-567-34857 
5-576-71133 
5-578-47466 
5-588-76437 
5-590-64683 
5-632-19149 
5-632-20711 
5-632-72155 
5-632-99387 
5-633-27218 
5-633-34042 
5-633-51922 
5-633-77562 
5-660-74768 
5-678-05418 
5-678-36216 
5-678-52151 
5-678-61193 
5-678-89751 
5-679-12603 
5-679-41350 
5-679-72911 
5-679-80030 
5-679-98815 
5-693-78731 
5-710-15951 
5-711-28109 
5-722-24322 
5-722-53842 
4/18/2005 
114420816 
4/22/2005 
229207504 
4/25/2005 
114420816 
4/25/2005 
181497793 
7/29/2005 
229207504 
8/1/2005 
114420816 
8/8/2005 
114420816 
8/15/2005 
229207504 
8/15/2005 
114420816 
8/19/2005 
229207504 
7/24/2000 
114420816 
8/7/2000 
114420816 
8/14/2000 
114420816 
8/21/2000 
114420816 
8/22/2005 
114420816 
8/22/2005 
181497793 
8/29/2005 
114420816 
9/2/2005 
229207504 
9/5/2005 
114420816 
9/9/2005 
229207504 
9/12/2005 
114420816 
9/16/2005 
229207504 
9/19/2005 
114420816 
10/19/2000 
114420816 
10/23/2000 
114420816 
11/6/2000 
114420816 
11/13/2000 
114420816 
11/20/2000 
114420816 
11/20/2000 
114420816 
11/27/2000 
114420816 
12/4/2000 
114420816 
12/22/2000 
181497793 
12/11/2000 
114420816 
12/18/2000 
114420816 
12/20/2000 
114420816 
12/25/2000 
114420816 
1/1/2001 
114420816 
1/8/2001 
114420816 
1/15/2001 
114420816 
1/22/2001 
114420816 
1/22/2001 
114420816 
1/29/2001 
114420816 
1/26/2001 
229207504 
1/29/2001 
181497793 
2/23/2001 
181497793 
2/5/2001 
114420816 
2/12/2001 
114420816 
EFTA00010000
--- PAGE 14 ---
5-722-84226 
5-722-99070 
5-723-14300 
5-723-45309 
5-723-77205 
5-740-02968 
5-740-30814 
5-740-37574 
5-740-60707 
5-740-92341 
5-741-24097 
5-741-54148 
5-741-61551 
5-741-86019 
5-741-93780 
5-758-60773 
5-758-91542 
5-759-21853 
5-770-09947 
5-770-25056 
5-770-41968 
5-770-71483 
5-771-01504 
5-771-34678 
5-771-65827 
5-771-67912 
5-771-99609 
5-788-18024 
5-788-48681 
5-788-55065 
5-788-78175 
5-788-84663 
5-789-09577 
5-789-50506 
5-807-46151 
5-818-29630 
5-818-60605 
5-818-93099 
5-819-03867 
5-819-25249 
5-819-50703 
5-819-82086 
5-836-06095 
5-836-35502 
5-836-42540 
5-836-68537 
5-836-75297 
2/19/2001 
114420816 
2/20/2001 
114420816 
2/26/2001 
114420816 
3/5/2001 
114420816 
3/12/2001 
114420816 
2/2/2001 
229207504 
2/9/2001 
229207504 
2/9/2001 
229207504 
2/16/2001 
229207504 
2/23/2001 
229207504 
3/2/2001 
229207504 
3/9/2001 
229207504 
3/9/2001 
229207504 
3/16/2001 
229207504 
3/16/2001 
229207504 
3/26/2001 
181497793 
4/2/2001 
181497793 
4/9/2001 
181497793 
3/19/2001 
114420816 
3/20/2001 
114420816 
3/26/2001 
114420816 
4/2/2001 
114420816 
4/9/2001 
114420816 
4/16/2001 
114420816 
4/20/2001 
114420816 
4/23/2001 
114420816 
4/30/2001 
114420816 
3/23/2001 
229207504 
3/30/2001 
229207504 
3/30/2001 
229207504 
4/6/2001 
229207504 
4/4/2001 
229207504 
4/13/2001 
229207504 
4/20/2001 
229207504 
5/28/2001 
181497793 
5/7/2001 
114420816 
5/14/2001 
114420816 
5/21/2001 
114420816 
5/21/2001 
114420816 
5/28/2001 
114420816 
6/4/2001 
114420816 
6/11/2001 
114420816 
5/4/2001 
229207504 
5/11/2001 
229207504 
5/11/2001 
229207504 
5/18/2001 
229207504 
5/18/2001 
229207504 
EFTA00010001
--- PAGE 15 ---
5-837-01418 
5-837-28130 
5-837-33406 
5-837-60774 
5-837-90783 
5-854-66747 
5-855-52503 
5-855-57785 
5-866-13144 
5-866-33582 
5-866-44569 
5-866-74982 
5-867-04436 
5-867-34141 
5-867-64326 
5-867-66157 
5-867-96018 
5-884-22629 
5-884-56265 
5-884-86028 
5-884-89398 
5-885-11352 
5-885-18935 
5-885-42400 
5-885-73751 
5-900-43129 
5-901-97039 
5-916-23397 
5-916-53525 
5-916-85895 
5-916-96037 
5-917-17852 
5-917-46107 
5-917-74485 
5-932-01361 
5-932-07420 
5-932-29238 
5-932-37605 
5-932-63727 
5-932-98210 
5-933-02196 
5-933-25588 
5-933-54292 
5-933-85496 
5-964-04418 
5-964-29908 
5-964-33369 
5/25/2001 
229207504 
6/1/2001 
229207504 
6/1/2001 
229207504 
6/8/2001 
229207504 
6/15/2001 
229207504 
6/25/2001 
181497793 
7/13/2001 
181497793 
7/16/2001 
181497793 
6/18/2001 
114420816 
6/20/2001 
114420816 
6/25/2001 
114420816 
7/2/2001 
114420816 
7/9/2001 
114420816 
7/16/2001 
114420816 
7/20/2001 
114420816 
7/23/2001 
114420816 
7/30/2001 
114420816 
6/22/2001 
229207504 
6/29/2001 
229207504 
7/6/2001 
229207504 
7/6/2001 
229207504 
7/13/2001 
229207504 
7/13/2001 
229207504 
7/20/2001 
229207504 
7/27/2001 
229207504 
8/3/2001 
181497793 
9/7/2001 
181497793 
8/6/2001 
114420816 
8/13/2001 
114420816 
8/20/2001 
114420816 
8/20/2001 
114420816 
8/27/2001 
114420816 
9/3/2001 
114420816 
9/10/2001 
114420816 
8/3/2001 
229207504 
8/3/2001 
229207504 
8/10/2001 
229207504 
8/10/2001 
229207504 
8/17/2001 
229207504 
8/24/2001 
229207504 
8/24/2001 
229207504 
8/31/2001 
229207504 
9/7/2001 
229207504 
9/14/2001 
229207504 
9/17/2001 
114420816 
9/20/2001 
114420816 
9/24/2001 
114420816 
EFTA00010002
--- PAGE 16 ---
5-964-64600 
5-964-95016 
5-965-28077 
5-965-61449 
5-965-71232 
5-965-93834 
5-978-45146 
5-978-75364 
5-978-80879 
5-979-07837 
5-979-13910 
5-979-43587 
5-979-76302 
7-105-77081 
7-106-05791 
7-107-06207 
7-120-01310 
7-120-55616 
7-120-89562 
7-125-17358 
7-128-51347 
7-130-77420 
7-131-27602 
7-133-26200 
7-134-39206 
7-144-29110 
7-145-31710 
7-152-41155 
7-153-78512 
7-153-86959 
7-162-66809 
7-163-46783 
7-164-29875 
7-164-74509 
7-164-87211 
7-169-01311 
7-172-54828 
7-173-14171 
7-173-29235 
7-174-21469 
7-190-21903 
7-190-39226 
7-190-86642 
7-191-14196 
7-194-72457 
7-195-03586 
7-200-54549 
10/1/2001 
114420816 
10/8/2001 
114420816 
10/15/2001 
114420816 
10/22/2001 
114420816 
10/22/2001 
114420816 
10/29/2001 
114420816 
9/28/2001 
229207504 
10/5/2001 
229207504 
10/5/2001 
229207504 
10/12/2001 
229207504 
10/12/2001 
229207504 
10/19/2001 
229207504 
10/26/2001 
229207504 
12/25/2000 
114420816 
12/29/2000 
114420816 
1/15/2001 
114420816 
7/24/2001 
114420816 
8/1/2001 
114420816 
8/7/2001 
114420816 
10/11/2001 
114420816 
11/30/2001 
114420816 
1/7/2002 
114420816 
1/15/2002 
114420816 
2/13/2002 
114420816 
3/1/2002 
114420816 
7/24/2002 
114420816 
8/8/2002 
114420816 
11/21/2002 
114420816 
12/12/2002 
114420816 
12/13/2002 
114420816 
5/23/2003 
114420816 
6/10/2003 
114420816 
6/27/2003 
114420816 
7/10/2003 
114420816 
7/11/2003 
114420816 
10/9/2003 
114420816 
12/18/2003 
114420816 
1/1/2004 
114420816 
1/6/2004 
114420816 
1/28/2004 
114420816 
12/22/2004 
114420816 
12/24/2004 
114420816 
1/5/2005 
114420816 
1/11/2005 
114420816 
3/24/2005 
114420816 
3/30/2005 
114420816 
7/14/2005 
114420816 
EFTA00010003
--- PAGE 17 ---
7-203-74253 
7-206-54540 
7-208-75169 
7-213-15839 
7-215-26708 
7-220-57885 
7-221-56078 
7-551-08330 
7-551-42900 
7-551-42901 
7-553-03205 
7-553-03206 
7-553-44405 
7-553-65404 
7-553-65405 
7-554-14186 
7-554-62955 
7-554-74474 
7-600-20837 
7-600-29373 
7-600-76090 
7-600-96677 
7-604-88703 
7-628-35096 
7-638-39288 
7-638-48648 
7-639-00101 
7-639-09197 
7-639-59705 
7-639-66176 
7-654-09557 
7-654-47698 
7-654-68567 
7-655-05018 
7-655-25577 
7-655-63925 
7-655-83352 
7-670-15802 
7-670-35852 
7-670-60701 
7-671-46283 
7-681-05609 
7-681-34218 
7-681-53035 
7-681-92781 
7-686-16813 
7-687-03737 
9/1/2005 
114420816 
11/9/2005 
114420816 
12/21/2005 
114420816 
3/20/2006 
114420816 
4/27/2006 
181497793 
8/3/2006 
114420816 
8/22/2006 
114420816 
1/14/1999 
114420816 
2/5/1999 
114420816 
2/5/1999 
114420816 
4/22/1999 
114420816 
4/22/1999 
114420816 
5/7/1999 
114420816 
5/14/1999 
114420816 
5/14/1999 
114420816 
8/28/1999 
114420816 
6/14/1999 
114420816 
6/18/1999 
114420816 
8/6/2004 
114420816 
8/30/2004 
114420816 
9/6/2004 
114420816 
9/7/2004 
114420816 
9/7/2004 
114420816 
9/13/2004 
181497793 
9/17/2000 
229207504 
9/17/2004 
229207504 
9/24/2004 
229207504 
9/24/2004 
229207504 
10/4/2004 
229207504 
10/1/2004 
229207504 
9/20/2004 
114420816 
9/27/2004 
114420816 
9/27/2004 
114420816 
10/4/2004 
114420816 
10/4/2004 
114420816 
10/11/2004 
114420816 
10/11/2004 
114420816 
6/28/1999 
114420816 
7/5/1999 
114420816 
7/11/1999 
114420816 
8/9/1999 
114420816 
10/18/2004 
181497793 
11/8/2004 
181497793 
11/22/2004 
181497793 
12/20/2004 
181497793 
10/11/2004 
229207504 
10/29/2004 
229207504 
EFTA00010004
--- PAGE 18 ---
7-687-43769 
7-687-85567 
7-687-94151 
7-700-20337 
7-700-30473 
7-700-39900 
7-700-49126 
7-700-58775 
7-700-68331 
7-700-78111 
7-700-86962 
7-700-96790 
7-701-06706 
7-701-16526 
7-701-24194 
7-701-32409 
7-701-42227 
7-701-51437 
7-701-61106 
7-701-71263 
7-701-81121 
7-701-91332 
7-715-60149 
7-715-97493 
7-718-02221 
7-718-12391 
7-723-98123 
7-724-80128 
7-731-51163 
7-731-60718 
7-731-70213 
7-731-80753 
7-731-90414 
7-731-99729 
7-734-57773 
7-734-77936 
7-739-38644 
7-739-49828 
7-743-59763 
7-743-70147 
7-743-80372 
7-743-90391 
7-743-99968 
7-747-08108 
7-747-48459 
7-755-60187 
7-755-70144 
11/26/2004 
229207504 
12/24/2004 
229207504 
12/31/2004 
229207504 
10/18/2004 
114420816 
10/25/2004 
114420816 
11/1/2004 
114420816 
11/8/2004 
114420816 
11/15/2004 
114420816 
11/22/2004 
114420816 
11/30/2004 
114420816 
12/6/2004 
114420816 
12/13/2004 
114420816 
12/20/2004 
114420816 
12/27/2004 
114420816 
1/3/2005 
114420816 
1/10/2005 
114420816 
1/17/2005 
114420816 
1/24/2005 
114420816 
1/31/2005 
114420816 
2/7/2005 
114420816 
2/14/2005 
114420816 
2/21/2005 
114420816 
1/3/2005 
181497793 
1/31/2005 
181497793 
1/7/2005 
229207504 
1/14/2005 
229207504 
3/7/2005 
181497793 
9/12/1999 
114420816 
2/28/2005 
114420816 
3/7/2005 
114420816 
3/14/2005 
114420816 
3/21/2005 
114420816 
3/28/2005 
114420816 
4/4/2005 
114420816 
3/14/2005 
181497793 
3/28/2005 
181497793 
4/8/2005 
229207504 
4/15/2005 
229207504 
4/11/2002 
114420816 
4/18/2005 
114420816 
4/25/2005 
114420816 
5/2/2005 
114420816 
5/9/2000 
114420816 
4/18/2005 
181497793 
5/16/2005 
181497793 
5/16/2005 
114420816 
5/2/2005 
114420816 
EFTA00010005
--- PAGE 19 ---
7-755-79452 
7-755-89307 
7-755-99061 
7-760-74987 
7-760-86932 
7-767-59258 
7-767-69438 
7-767-78795 
7-767-87315 
7-767-97797 
7-781-07230 
7-781-16612 
7-781-25886 
7-781-35679 
7-781-45478 
7-782-61765 
7-784-56007 
7-784-65149 
7-784-84333 
7-893-55089 
7-793-64099 
7-793-73445 
7-793-83267 
7-793-93273 
7-794-02452 
7-794-13843 
7-794-24133 
7-794-34174 
7-800-33416 
7-811-10446 
7-813-24576 
7-824-91827 
7-824-94495 
7-835-13835 
7-836-84797 
7-849-04277 
7-859-33547 
7-861-01629 
7-872-17285 
7-873-83943 
7-873-85651 
7-884-15115 
7-894-90627 
7-896-75234 
7-907-79304 
7-909-69210 
7-922-66418 
5/31/2005 
114420816 
6/6/2005 
114420816 
6/13/2005 
114420816 
6/3/2005 
229207504 
6/10/2005 
229207504 
6/20/2005 
114420816 
6/27/2005 
114420816 
7/5/2005 
114420816 
7/11/2005 
114420816 
7/18/2005 
114420816 
7/25/2005 
114420816 
8/1/2005 
114420816 
8/8/2005 
114420816 
8/15/2005 
114420816 
8/22/2005 
114420816 
7/29/2005 
229207504 
8/1/2005 
181497793 
8/8/2005 
181497793 
8/22/2005 
181497793 
8/29/2005 
114420816 
9/5/2005 
114420816 
9/12/2005 
114420816 
9/19/2005 
114420816 
9/26/2005 
114420816 
8/26/2005 
229207504 
9/2/2005 
229207504 
9/9/2005 
229207504 
9/16/2005 
229207504 
10/18/2004 
114420816 
10/25/2004 
229207504 
10/26/2004 
114420816 
11/1/2004 
114420816 
11/1/2004 
114420816 
11/5/2004 
229207504 
11/8/2004 
114420816 
11/15/2004 
114420816 
11/19/2000 
229207504 
11/22/2004 
114420816 
11/26/2004 
229207504 
11/29/2004 
114420816 
11/29/2004 
114420816 
12/6/2004 
114420816 
12/10/2004 
229207504 
12/13/2004 
114420816 
12/17/2004 
229207504 
12/20/2004 
114420816 
12/27/2004 
114420816 
EFTA00010006
--- PAGE 20 ---
7-932-67997 
7-934-27583 
7-943-27562 
7-945-01052 
7-957-57908 
7-969-99868 
7-980-61298 
7-982-39156 
7-992-78298 
7-994-59177 
7-995-13549 
84)29-74828 
8-042-73096 
8-073-08144 
8-359-79450 
8-825-06174 
8-825-16920 
8-826-02827 
12/31/2004 
229207504 
1/3/2005 
114420816 
1/7/2005 
229207504 
1/10/2005 
114420816 
1/17/2005 
114420816 
1/24/2005 
114420816 
1/28/2005 
229207504 
1/31/2005 
114420816 
2/4/2005 
229207504 
2/7/2005 
114420816 
2/7/2005 
181497793 
1/4/2007 
114420816 
2/5/2007 
114420816 
4/17/2007 
114420816 
9/25/2006 
114420816 
9/30/2005 
229207504 
10/7/2005 
229207504 
10/3/2005 
114420816 
EFTA00010007


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010008.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010008.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit D 
EFTA00010008
--- PAGE 2 ---
E p 
S 4-C 
d C n GI lOnS 
=VASern
aM9202 
$`Sk1J$F➢SE41Sąidl~ 550000 00
kaEtialp
atole.tim122210artiPanaitmEaX111B 
lont9SsaFwnóiOmlMOU
niPM2029 
ebOolsanalo1509.20.6aaaateMILLIM 
flWe9 Fam6T7on 55000 OD SI'S° Onn91100 0901/1" 7
Etg921f2221SnaPS 
yealotaatnalitiglg!;Aatesxn,tilco uzzitrai 
anglappeckg 
20711$2120111222QngitA20036212.4nl 
Ntev Fdste4i 11000000 9t02 09n4994105/1W1093 
h1011lIkgffilin§ 
Jeftev F976260 5165850 svcte Ounaon 04/27/1992 
1sfenEetiaINNPQ2ccalttaałtoSMIIM 
afInufantMs
taDosIstMl 
Donallon
hiMsxlinkalWflaA42alaSIME1 
etttacestatEactuovknorecimin954 
kftayletstal=443iNialsimIkaSWAIM 
Saearfeste11222aTosttazot lan212k1M 
IstfteripSto11299
11LIPM 
2002-2033 Annual Fund 
lincelvo4 
47912003 
Q.7232a12144741913S 
1999-M0 Annual Fund 
ReOłnala 
6/24/1999 
241141MALEW16995 
19991999 Arnot) Fund 
Recehed 
729/1998 
bfafiEntellWrAllen 
19984099 Annual Fund 
Received 
7/21/1944 
eisaltnafaimsFattaa 
1998-1999 Mmml Fund 
Recoked 
7/19/1998 
19974996 Annual Furs) 
Recehted 
914/1997 
etbaarY09212211 
19974998 Annual Fund 
Race Ned 
9/4/1997 
PMS 
1997-1998 Anna Fund 
Recelrod 
914/1997 
ellt2LEMS220 
Capital Pnafacts 
Recełnad 
725/199/ 
Wroulizarsii 
Capital Projects 
Recehed 
11/12/1993 
2012LF771174n t1917147D94A 
19434994 Annual Fund 
Reached 
7/20/1993 
44-SIZLED69121H2faa 
1992-1993 Annual Fund 
Rece4m41 
57191993 
taeli70712002W 
Convertdon Carroty) 
Racch ed 
5/22/1492 
affnLEINICAL421,59bIA/ 
Coaveistm Campo* 
Reathed 
4/27/1992 
Itketti2711t0i794a1C29:9 
Conventa, Camper 
Racened 
471/1992 
attrirgritlimeS0 
conviankn Campaign 
Ftncened 
4/13/1991 
WtortEaSaiattemtg0 
Comerskn CamP4791
Reneffe4 
i i ft 6/1990 
71.29711,22691 
Caw
 Campaign 
Racehed 
10/31/1990 
2/27CLECtrain liou4471010 
Convenim Cairdsa!gn 
Ftecrked 
10/1271990 
leterartrisattnetsid 
Cpnverica Campaign 
ReceSed 
9728/1990 
4411n2LED1192172221Mtd 
Conan-Pan Campaign 
Roadbed 
9726/1990 
274707LERMIS7347479.4 
Ccovanico Corroalgn 
Racehod 
51471990 
49L9737alalabSSattqd 
EFTA00010009


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010010.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010010.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit E 
EFTA00010010
--- PAGE 2 ---
EPSTEIN VICTIMS' COMPENSATION PROGRAM ("EVCP") 
GENERAL RELEASE 
This General Release is made this 3rd  day of October
2020
WHEREAS, 
(the "Claimant"), submitted a claim for 
compensation to the Epstein Victims Compensation Program ("EVCP") asserting that 
she is a victim of sexual abuse by Jeffrey E. Epstein; and 
WHEREAS, the EVCP Program Administrator (the "Administrator") determined 
pursuant to the EVCP Protocol that Claimant is eligible to participate in the EVCP; and 
WHEREAS, after reviewing Claimant's submissions and after careful consideration of 
documentation and proof, and after due deliberation, the Administrator issued a 
compensation determination to Claimant ("Compensation Offer"); and 
WHEREAS, several jurisdictions within the United States have enacted claims revival 
statutes concerning the timeliness of claims of sexual abuse; and 
WHEREAS, Claimant is aware that, by accepting this Compensation Offer from the 
EVCP, Claimant waives and releases certain individuals and entities from any and all 
claims or causes of action arising from Mr. Epstein's conduct, whether pursuant to claims 
revival statutes or otherwise; and 
WHEREAS, after careful consideration of the proposed Compensation Offer, including 
consultation with her legal counsel regarding the Compensation Offer, Claimant 
informed the Administrator that Claimant has decided to accept the Compensation Offer. 
NOW THEREFORE, 
Claimant, for and on behalf of herself and her heirs, devisees, legatees, distributees, 
executors, administrators, trustees, personal representatives successors and assi ns 
(collectively, "Releaser"), for and in consideration of 
Dollars  
l (the Compensation Offer) to be received from the EVCP, the 
adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, hereby releases and forever 
discharges the Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the "Epstein Estate"), the 
Co-Trustees of The 1953 Trust, the Epstein Estate, any entities owned or controlled in 
whole or part by the Epstein Estate (the "Epstein Entities") and their respective current 
CONFIDIAlIAL 
EFTA00010011
--- PAGE 3 ---
and former principals, officers, directors, stockholders, managers, members, partners, 
limited partners, trustees, beneficiaries, administrators, agents, employees, attorneys, 
predecessors, successors, assigns and affiliates, and any entities or individuals who are 
or have ever been engaged by (whether as independent contractors or otherwise), 
employed by, worked in any capacity for, or provided any services to Mr. Epstein, the 
Epstein Entities or the Epstein Estate (jointly and severally, the "Releasees"), from any 
and all claims, demands, actions, causes of action, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, 
accounts, variances, trespasses, damages and judgments, whether sounding in equity, 
tort, common law, contract, statute, regulation or otherwise and whether now existing, 
hereafter existing or revived in the future whatsoever in law, admiralty, equity or 
otherwise, including without limitation any and all claims or causes of action that arise 
or may arise from or which otherwise concern acts of sexual abuse by Mr. Epstein (the 
"Claims") which against the Releasees, Releasor ever had, now has or hereafter can, shall 
or may have, for, upon, or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever from the 
beginning of the world through the date of this General Release. 
This General Release is a broad release of any and all Claims of Releasor against 
any and all Releasees, including without limitation any and all causes of action, lawsuits, 
claims, demands, damages and liability whatsoever, and also including without 
limitation to the extent of their respective liability for the same, any and all such claims 
against any and all Releasees for contribution as to any other person or persons who may 
be determined to have been joint tortfeasors arising out of or in any way related to any 
and all known and unknown personal injuries, and also including without limitation any 
derivative claims for loss of consortium, under any federal, state or local law, without 
limitation. This General Release is all-encompassing and is specifically made and given 
on the premise that any and all Claims by Releasor are hereby released and extinguished, 
whether said Claims arose in Florida, New Mexico, New York, the United States Virgin 
Islands, France or any other country, state, territory, possession or jurisdiction, or 
otherwise. 
This General Release extends to released Claims that Releasor does not know or 
suspect to exist in her favor, which, if known by Releasor, would have materially affected 
her decision to enter into this General Release, and Releasor understands and agrees that 
she is releasing any and all such unknown or unsuspected Claims in Releaseess favor. 
Releasor acknowledges that she is familiar with Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, 
which provides as follows: 
A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE 
CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN 
CONFIDEMIAL 
EFTA00010012
--- PAGE 4 ---
HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF 
KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECIED HIS OR HER 
SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
Releasor expressly waives and relinquishes any right or benefit that Releasor has 
or may have under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code and under any other statute 
or legal principle with similar effect. In connection with such waiver and relinquishment, 
Releasor acknowledges that she is aware that, after executing this General Release, 
Releasor or Releaser's attorneys or agents may discover released Claims or facts in 
addition to, or different from, those which they now know or believe to exist with respect 
to the subject matter of this General Release, but that it is Releaser's intent hereby to fully, 
finally and forever settle and release all of the Claims, whether known or unknown, 
suspected or unsuspected, which now exist, may exist, or heretofore may have existed. 
In furtherance of this intent, this General Release shall be, and remain in effect as, a full 
and complete release of the Claims notwithstanding the discovery or existence of any 
such additional or different Claims or facts. 
The Administrator of the EVCP has retained Garretson Resolution Group, Inc. 
d/b/a Epiq Mass Tort ("Epiq") to verify and resolve any lien or reimbursement claim 
that may be owed to Medicare Part A and/or Part B ("Medicare") and/or Medicaid with 
respect to compensation awarded to any participating claimant under the EVCP. If either 
entity asserts a lien or reimbursement claim, Epiq is hereby authorized to act on behalf of 
the EVCP to verify and resolve such lien or reimbursement claim. In the Claim Form, 
Releasor authorized the Administrator to use and/or disclose information as to Releasor 
for the resolution of Medicare and/or Medicaid liens. This includes providing to Epiq 
certain information as to Releasor, including: (1) first name, last name and middle initial, 
(2) Social Security number; (3) date of birth, (4) gender and (5) basic information 
regarding the nature of Releaser's Claims, and authorizing the Administrator and Epiq 
to use, exchange and report this information to Medicare and Medicaid, as may be 
necessary, for purposes of verifying and resolving Medicare and/or Medicaid liens 
and/or reimbursement claims and ensuring compliance with the Medicare Secondary 
Payer Act, 42 U.S.C. § 1395(y)(b), and its accompanying regulations. In the event that 
Epiq resolves the assorted claim or lien, the Epstein Estate will pay the negotiated amount 
in addition to any Compensation Offer determined by the Administrator. 
Releasor represents and acknowledges that she is voluntarily and freely granting 
this General Release in exchange for payment of the Compensation Offer, and that she is 
legally competent to execute and deliver this General Release. 
Releasor further 
represents that she is represented by legal counsel and has received legal advice prior to 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00010013
--- PAGE 5 ---
entering into this General Release and that she has been advised by said attorney 
regarding the terms and conditions of this General Release, which she has completely 
read and fully understands, including that accepting the Compensation Offer and signing 
this General Release is a full and final compromise, adjustment and resolution of any and 
all Claims that Releasor may now have or ever will have against Releasees. 
Pursuant to the EVCP Protocol, the Administrator will maintain the confidentiality 
of all information and documentation relating to claimants who participate in the EVCP 
Program. This General Release does not require participating claimants to maintain such 
confidentiality and Releasor may — at Release's voluntary and sole option — disclose 
such information regarding the claims process and/or the Compensation Offer and any 
other information pertaining to her claim. 
This General Release specifically does not include 
 as a Releasee or 
released party under this Agreement, and all parties expressly acknowledge, agree and 
understand that any and all claims that Releasor has or may have against 
are expressly preserved. 
Releasor represents and warrants that she has not assigned any Claims released 
pursuant to this General Release. 
Releasor will dismiss with prejudice any and all legal actions — whether lawsuits, 
probate claims or otherwise - that Releaser has filed against any of Releasees, with each 
party to bear her, his or its own costs and attorneys fees and will submit proof of 
dismissal to the Administrator along with or prior to the signed acceptance of the 
Compensation Offer and this executed Release. 
This General Release contains the entire understanding of the Releasor and the Co-
Executors of the Epstein Estate. Any modification of any of the provisions of this General 
Release shall be effective only if made in writing and executed by Releasor and the Co-
Executors of the Epstein Estate with the same formality as this General Release. 
Cox F11)1
EFTA00010014
--- PAGE 6 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Claimant has executed this General Release on the date 
below her signature. 
(Signature: Claimant) 
/ 3 /10
)-20 
(Date) 
STATE OF Texas 
ss: 
COUNTY OF Travis 
On  0 J0 hoe 
, 2o29 before me personally came 
me known, who, by me duly sworn, did depose and say that deponent is the Releasor 
who executed the foregoing General Release. 
SI
itifi
tca MY COMISSION EXPIRES 
1.:!..:t. 
tin 
JULY 16, 2023 
--1:ZtatV 
NOTARY ID: 112089050 
Reviewed and approve& 
Type (or print) Name of Claimant 
Attorney for Releasor: 
Type (or print) Name ofAprney:  
Signature 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00010015


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010016.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010016.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
To: 
Cc: Christian Everdell a, 
Laura Menninger 
, Jeff Pagliuca 10111MS 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Date: The, 09 Nov 2021 15:58:20 +0000 
Attachments: Reply_to_Dkt_423.pdf 
Courtesy copy of today's ECF filing-
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
ternheim 
This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
then delete this message. Thank you. 
EFTA00010016


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010017.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010017.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The Si!lo J. Mollo Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York New York 10007 
November 9, 2021 
BY ELECTRONIC MAIL 
Christian Everdell, Esq. 
Mark Cohen, Esq. 
Cohen & Gresser LLP 
Laura Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
Haddon, Mo an and Foreman, P.C. 
Bobbi Sternheim, Esq. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Dear Counsel: 
Today we are producing the materials listed in the below index. These materials are 
stamped with control numbers SDNY_GM_02767074 through SDNY_GM_02771980. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
2020 Protective Order in this case. This letter is itself designated as "confidential," because it 
includes information regarding records designated as "confidential" under the Protective 
Order. The Department of Justice directed this office to cease the dissemination of materials 
marked with the word "confidential" in order to avoid potential confusion with markings reserved 
for classified documents. Accordingly, in order to note the appropriate designation of this 
production under the operative Protective Order in this case, the materials being produced today 
are marked with the following label: "SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 
8, 9, 10, 15, and 17." This marking directly refers to the specific paragraphs of the Protective 
Order that govern today's production. 
An index of the materials contained in this production is below: 
EFTA00010017
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
Bates Start 
Bates End 
Summary Description 
Confidential Designation 
SDNY GM 02767074 SDNY GM 02771980 Business Records from SDFL Files,
Confidential 
Although the Government believes that all of these materials are also located in the Florida 
FBI file and were previously produced to from that file in the fall of 2020, out of an abundance of 
caution, the Government is producing these records to you in the form in which they were stored 
in the files maintained by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida. The 
Government recognizes that its discovery obligations are ongoing and will promptly produce any 
additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate to reach out if 
you have any difficulty accessing these materials. 
Very truly yours, 
DAMIAN WILLIAMS 
United States Attorney 
These materials appear to be largely duplicative of materials previously produced to you in 
discovery. 
EFTA00010018


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010019.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010019.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To 
Subject: 20cr330, US v. Maxwell 
Date: Thu, 11 Nov 2021 02:45:04 +0000 
Attachments: 20cr330_Order 11.10.21.pdf 
Counsel: 
Judge Nathan has granted the parties additional time on two sets of supplemental briefing. Please see the 
attached order, which will be docketed tomorrow morning. 
Sincerely, 
Chambers of the Hon. Alison J. Nathan 
EFTA00010019


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010020.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010020.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] US v Maxwell, 20-cr-330 (MN), public portion of transcript attached 
Date: Wed, 10 Nov 2021 23:20:54 +0000 
Attachments: LBAAMAXH.pdf 
Good evening. 
The public portion of the transcript of today's hearing in US v Maxwell, 20-cr-330 (Al), is attached. 
The judge has granted permission for us to handle the sealed portion by email, and it will be sent separately, later this 
evening. 
Regards, 
EFTA00010020


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010021.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010021.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: ' 
Cc: ' 
Subject: Maxwell fact witness travel 
Date: Thu, 11 Nov 2021 22:57:55 + 
Attachments: Fact Witness_Travel_Request_- 
_ 
Attached please find a fact witness travel request for another witness in the Maxwell trial 
We think he 
could testify sometime between the afternoon of 12/1 and 12/3. Just to flag that, if we get him off the stand on 12/1 or 
12/2, we'll probably want to change his travel so he can be back in 
by 12/3. 
Please let me know if you have any questions, and thank you so much for your help. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Saint Andrews Plaza 
New York. New York 10007 
EFTA00010021


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010022.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010022.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fact Witness Travel Request (Domestic Witness Travel) 
AUSA, see instructions below. 
To: 
SDNY Victim/Witness Unit 
From: 
Date: November 11, 2021 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
Court Docket No: 
Cr. 330 (AN) 
USA° No: 
2018R01618 
Witness Name: 
Witness DOB: 
(Name/DOB as printed here will be forwarded to travel agency and then to TSA and must 
exactly match the witness's driver's license or other travel ID or TSA will not permit the 
witness to fly.) 
Witness Address: 
Witness TelNos mobile 
Witness e-mail: 
Witness Needed to Appear in SDNY on 
Date: December 1, 2021 
Time: 2 p.m. 
Witness Needed to Appear for: 
Trial (X) 
Date: December 1, 2021 
Grand Jury ( ) 
Date: 
Trial/GJ Prep ( ) 
Date: 
Estimated Dates Witness will Arrive: December I, 2021 
Depart: December 3, 2021 (evening) 
Is the person a Fact Witness and not an Expert Witness? 
Current Federal Civilian or Military Employee? 
Is the Witness Facing Criminal Charges? 
Does the Witness Reside Outside the Continental United States? 
Is this Witness a Victim-Witness? 
(Yes/No): Yes 
(Yes/No): No 
(Yes/No): No 
(Yes/No): No 
(Yes/No): No 
m•. 2019.11.19 
EFTA00010022
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hotel Required? 
(Yes/No): Yes 
Has the Witness advised you of any unusual travel expenses? 
(Yes/No): No 
Unusual expenses of fact witnesses can include 
• 
special travel arrangements 
• 
care for dependent child or incapacitated family member left at home 
• 
kennel fees for pets 
• 
necessary travel companion 
• 
extra baggage (more than one bag) 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
For Victim-Witness Coordinator: 
I. (For UEFW other than travel, which must be itemized and approved in advance:) This UEFW 
is apparently within VWC approval authority and tentatively approved pending receipt(s) for 
UEFW expenses (Yes/No): 
2. Other VWC comments: 
VWC Initials and Date: 
Instructions to AUSA: 
• 
Use this form for all fact witnesses within the U.S. except government employees and military 
personnel, for whom a Request for Armed Forces or Government-Employee Witness should 
be used. 
• 
For foreign witnesses, use the International Witness Travel Request. Complete an Early or 
Extended stay memo if the witness is being brought in more than 3 business days prior to 
court/C1 testimony. 
• 
Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
must be covered by the investigating component from litigative funds. 
• 
See generally DOJ Instruction 1300.01.01 (approved 9/28/2018) and sources referenced 
therein. 
rev. 2019.11.19 
EFTA00010023


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010024.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010024.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tol 
Cc 
Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Date: Thu, 11 Nov 2021 23:23:29 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.11.11_Maxwell_Discovery_Letter.pdf; 2021.11.11_Maxwell_Cover Letter.pdf; 
2021.11.11_U.S._v_Ghislaine_Maxwell_3500_Index_(Defense).pdf; 
2021.11.11_U.S._v_Ghislaine_Maxwell_Non-Testifying_Witness_MaterialiDefense).pdf; 
2021.11.11_US_v._Maxwell Govemment_Exhibitindex_(Defense).pdf 
Counsel, 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. In 
addition, a supplemental production of testifying witness and non-testifying witness material and exhibits are also ready 
to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter and indices. 
The production will be made via USAfx. We will send one of the hard drives you provided to the MDC for Ms. Maxwell 
with the materials we are producing to you today, as well as the production we made on November 9, the re-stamped 
Mulligan materials, and the 3500 materials for Dr. Rocchio that we produced to you by email on Tuesday (3502-037-
3502-039). 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
EFTA00010024


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010025.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010025.pdf
----------------------------------------
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
Cr. 330 vs" 
3500 Material 
11/11/2021 
3502 
Dots 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3502401 
2021.02.01 
Notes tram phone call 
2021.04.23 
3502.002 
2021.02.01 
Testimon disdosure 
2021.04.23 
3502403 
2021.03.01 
Notes tram phone call 
2021.04.23 
3502-004 
2021.04.09 
Interview notes 
2021.04.23 
3502-005 
2021.04.21 
Interview notes 
2021.04.23 
3502406 
Resume 
2021.04.23 
3502407 
Contract for services 
2021.04.23 
3502408 
2021.10.21 
Notes 
2021.10.25 
3502409 
2021.10.24 
Notes 
2021.10.25 
3502-010 
2006 
Ankle 
2021.10.25 
3502411 
2009 
Ankle 
2021.10.25 
3502-012 
2010 
Ankle 
2021.10.25 
3502413 
2014 
Ankle 
2021.10.25 
3502414 
2015 
Ankle 
2021.10.25 
3502015 
2015 
Article 
2021.10.25 
3502416 
2015 
Ankle 
2021.10.25 
3502417 
2016 
Article 
2021.10.25 
3502018 
2017 
Article 
2021.10.25 
3502-019 
2018 
Article 
2021.10.25 
3502-020 
2018 
Article 
2021.10.25 
3502-021 
2019 
Article 
2021.10.25 
3502-022 
2020 
Article 
2021.10.25 
3502-023 
2021 
Article 
2021.10.25 
3502-024 
2021 
Article 
2021.10.25 
3502-025 
2021.10.25 
Notes 
2021.10.25 
3502-026 
2020 
Article 
2021.11.06 
3502-027 
2020 
Article 
2021.11.06 
3502-028 
2021.10.29 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3502029 
2021.10.31 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3502030 
2021.11.01 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3502031 
2021.11.02 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3502032 
2009 
Article 
2021.11.06 
3502-033 
2020 
Article 
2021.11.06 
3502-014 
2021 
Article 
2021.11.06 
3502445 
2021.11.03 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3502-036 
2021.11.04 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3502.037 
2021.11.07 
Notes 
2021.11.09 
3502038 
2021.11.08 
Notes 
2021.11.09 
3502039 
2021.11.09 
Notes 
2021.11.09 
3503 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3503401 
Curnculum vitae 
2021139.15 
3503.002 
318.NY-3027571 
2021.10.11 
3503403 
2021.08.25 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3503404 
2019.08.09 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503405 
2019.08.20 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503406 
2019.08.23 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503407 
2019.09.04 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503408 
2019.09.09 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503409 
2019.09.16 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503410 
2019.09.30 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503411 
2019.10.21 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503412 
2019.11.12 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503413 
2020.02.10 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503414 
2020.03.02 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503415 
2020.03.03 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503416 
2020.03.04 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503417 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503418 
2020.03.18 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503419 
2020.03.31 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503420 
2020.04.07 
Ema 
2021.10.11 
3503421 
2020.05.12 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-022 
2020.05.14 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-023 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-024 
2020.05.29 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-025 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-026 
2020.06.17 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-027 
2020.06.17 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503428 
2020.06.19 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503429 
2020.06.19 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-030 
2020.06.20 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-031 
2020.06.23 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-032 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-033 
2020.07.07 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-014 
2020.07.07 
Email 
2021.10.11 
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17 
EFTA00010025
--- PAGE 2 ---
3503-035 
2020.07.13 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-036 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-037 
2020.07.13 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-038 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-039 
2020.07.13 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-040 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-041 
2020.07.13 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3501042 
2020.07.14 
Emma 
2021.10.11 
3501043 
2020.07.14 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503410 
2020.07.14 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-045 
2020.07.15 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3501046 
2020.07.15 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-047 
2020.07.20 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-048 
,Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-049 
2020.07.20 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-050 
2020.07.21 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-051 
2020.07.22 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-051 
2020.07.23 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-053 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-054 
2020.07.13 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-055 
AttachrneM to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-056 
2020.07.24 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3501057 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3501058 
2020.07.24 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3501059 
2020.07.26 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-060 
2020.07.27 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-061 
2020.07.27 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-062 
2020.07.27 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-063 
2020.07.28 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-064 
2020.07.28 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-065 
2020.08.03 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-066 
2020.08.04 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-067 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-06B 
2020.08.04 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-069 
2020.0819 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-070 
2020.10.02 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-071 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-071 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-073 
2020.1016 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-074 
2020.10.08 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-075 
2020.10.08 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-076 
2020.10.09 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-077 
2020.10.09 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-078 
2020.10.12 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-079 
2020.10.13 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-080 
2020.10.14 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-081 
2020.10.15 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-082 
2020.10.15 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-083 
2020.10.16 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-084 
2020.10.16 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-085 
2020.10.19 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3501086 
2020.10.19 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3501087 
2020.10.10 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-088 
2020.10.11 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3501089 
2020.10.11 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-090 
2020.10.23 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-091 
2020.10.26 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3503-092 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-093 
2020.10.26 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-094 
AttachrneM to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-095 
2020.10.26 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-096 
Mtachrnent to email 
2021.10.11 
3503-097 
2020.10.26 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3503-0911 
AttachrneM to email 
2021.10.11 
3501099 
AttachrneM to email 
2021.10.11 
3501100 
AttachrneM to email 
2021.10.11 
3501101 
AttachrneM to email 
2021.10.11 
3501102 
2020.10.26 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3501103 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3501104 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3503.105 
2020.10.27 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3501106 
2020.10.27 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3501107 
2020.10.29 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3501108 
2021.04.30 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3608 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3504-001 
2003.10.05 
Palm Beach Police Report 
2021.10.11 
3504-002 
2003.10.05 
Palm Beach Police Report 
2021.10.11 
3504-003 
20[6.11.09 
Palm Beach Police Report 
2021.10.11 
3504-004 
2005.11.10 
Palm Beach Police Report 
2021.10.11 
3504-005 
2005.11.10 
POPO reoording 
2021.10.11 
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17 
EFTA00010026
--- PAGE 3 ---
3504-006 
20[6.11.10 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3504-007 
2005.11.17 
Driver information 
2021.10.11 
3504-008 
2005.11.21 
Palm Beach Police Report 
2021.10.11 
3504-009 
2005.11.21 
warn statement 
2021.10.11 
3504-010 
2005.11.21 
sworn statement 
2021.10.11 
3504-011 
2005.11.21 
sworn statement 
2021.10.11 
3504-012 
2006.05.01 
Palm Beach Police Report 
2021.10.11 
3504-013 
2006.05.01 
Palm Beach Police Report 
2021.10.11 
3504-014 
2006.05.01 
Palm Beach Police Report 
2021.10.11 
3504-015 
2006.08.26 
Palm Beach Police Report 
2021.10.11 
3504-016 
2006.10.20 
Memorandum 
2021.10.11 
3504-017 
2006.12.00 
Driver information 
2021.10.11 
3504-018 
2006.12.00 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
3504-019 
2007.02.01 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3504-020 
1007.12.11 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3504-011 
2009.09.08 
Deposition. Volume I 
2021.10.11 
3504-012 
2009.09.08 
Deposition, Volume II 
2021.10.11 
3504-023 
2016.06.01 
Deposition Exhbit 1 
2021.10.11 
3504-024 
2016-06.01 
Deposition Exhibit 1 
2021.10.11 
3504-025 
2016.06.01 
Deposition Exhibit 3 
2021.10.11 
3504-026 
2016.06.01 
Deposition Exhibit 0 
2021.10.11 
3501-027 
2016.06.01 
Deposition Exhbit 
2021.10.11 
3501-028 
2016.06.01 
Deposition EXhilit 6 
2021.10.11 
3501-029 
2016.06.01 
Deposition Exhisit 7 
2021.10.11 
3501-030 
2016.06.01 
Deposition transcript 
2021.10.11 
3504-031 
2016.09.15 
Sworn Affidavit 
2021.10.11 
3504-032 
2019.07.13 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3501-033 
2019.07.13 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3504-034 
2020.02.19 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3504-035 
2020.02.19 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3504-036 
2020.06.28 
Grand jury transcript 
2021.10.11 
3504-037 
2020.09.28 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3504-038 
2021.03.29 
Grand jury transcript 
2021.10.11 
3504-039 
2021.06.08 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3504-040 
2021.06.24 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3504-041 
2021.07.14 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3504-042 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
3504043 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
3504044 
2021.11.11 
Notes 
2021.11.11 
3505 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3505-001 
200611.10 
Driver information 
2021.10.11 
ISOS-002 
2007.05.08 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3505-003 
2007.06.07 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3505-000 
2007.07.01 
Dace Information 
2021.10.11 
1505-005 
2007.08.07 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3505-006 
2007.08.07 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505-007 
2007.08.07 
Property receipt 
2021.10.11 
3505-00B 
2007-08.28 
Declaration 
2021.10.11 
3505-009 
2007.09.07 
Diner information 
2021.10.11 
1505-010 
2007.09.07 
Criminal lister/check 
2021.10.11 
1505-011 
2007.09.07 
Driver information 
2021.10.11 
1505-012 
2007.09.07 
Comma! history check 
2021.10.11 
3505-013 
2007.09.07 
Comma! history check 
2021.10.11 
3505-014 
2007.09.07 
Search records 
2021.10.11 
3505-015 
2007.09.07 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
3505-016 
2007.09.07 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
350S-017 
2008.01.10 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3SOS-018 
2008.03.18 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3SOS-019 
2038.06.19 
Starr submission to DAG 
2021.10.11 
3SOS-020 
2038.06.30 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3SOS-021 
2038.07.10 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3SOS-022 
2008.07.10 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3SOS-023 
2008.09.02 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3505-024 
2008.12.05 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3505-025 
2009.02.09 
Complaint 
2021.10.11 
3505-026 
2009.02.13 
Plaintiff response 
2021.10.11 
3505-027 
2009.03.23 
Plaintiff notice 
2021.10.11 
3505-028 
2009.0617 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3505-029 
2009.0617 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3505-030 
2009.0813 
Transaipt 
2021.10.11 
1SOS-011 
2009.08.31 
Transact 
2021.10.11 
3505-012 
2009.08.31 
Summary report 
2021.10.11 
3505-013 
2009.09.10 
Medical records 
2021.10.11 
3505-014 
2009.10.20 
Questionake 
2021.10.11 
3505-015 
2009.10.21 
Transact 
2021.10.11 
3505-036 
2009.10.21 
Medcal examination 
2021.10.11 
3505-037 
2009.10.24 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505-018 
2009.11.06 
Plaintiff's Notce 
2021.10.11 
3505-019 
2009.11.09 
Medcal records 
2021.10.11 
3505-040 
2009.11.13 
Medcal report 
2021.10.11 
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17 
EFTA00010027
--- PAGE 4 ---
3505441 
2009.12.02 
Monsen Notice 
2021.10.11 
3505412 
2009.12.01 
Response 
2021.10.11 
3505443 
2009.12.04 
Deposition 
2021.10.11 
3505044 
2009.12.04 
Deposition 
2021.10.11 
3505045 
2009.12.04 
Deposition Exhtit 
2021.10.11 
3505446 
2009.12.04 
Deposition Exhtit 
2021.10.11 
3505447 
2009.12.04 
Deposition Exhtit 
2021.10.11 
3505448 
2009.12.09 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505019 
2009.12.18 
Settlement Resolution Notice 
2021.10.11 
3505050 
2010.10.14 
Arrest report 
2021.10.11 
3505-051 
2011.03.12 
FBI Report 
2021.10.11 
3505-052 
2011.03.12 
FBI Report 
2021.10.11 
3505-053 
2011.04.20 
Arrest report 
2021.10.11 
3505-054 
2011.11.16 
Arrest report 
2021.10.11 
3505455 
2012.02.28 
Arrest report 
2021.10.11 
3505-056 
2012.09.30 
Arrest report 
2021.10.11 
3505.057 
2013.03.07 
Arrest report 
2021.10.11 
3505458 
2014.02.26 
Transact 
2021.10.11 
3505.059 
2019.03.19 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3505-060 
2019.03.19 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505461 
2019.07.23 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3505462 
2019.08.07 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3505063 
2019.08.23 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3505.064 
2020.02.25 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3505065 
2020.03.10 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3505-066 
2020.07.07 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3505467 
2020.07.16 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3505468 
2020.07.17 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3505-069 
2020.07.17 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505470 
2020.07.17 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3505471 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3505-072 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
3505-073 
2020.08.11 
2021.10.11 
Note 
3505-074 
2020.08.11 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3505-075 
2020.08.11 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505-076 
2021.01.19 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3505477 
2021.01.19 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505-078 
2021.01.20 
Criminal history check 
2021.1011 
3505-079 
2021.01.20 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3505480 
2021.01.20 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505481 
2021.01.21 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3505-082 
2021.01.21 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505-083 
2021.01.21 
Exhibit to notes 
2021.1011 
3505-084 
2021 01.28 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3505-085 
2021 03.29 
Grand Tory presentation 
2021.10.11 
3505486 
2021.03.29 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3505487 
2021.04.18 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3505488 
2021.06.07 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505-089 
2021.06.09 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
1505490 
2021.06.23 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505491 
2021.06.26 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505-092 
2021.07.13 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505-093 
2021.0616 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505-094 
2021.0619 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3505495 
2021.0619 
Text message 
2021.10.11 
3505496 
2021.0619 
Text message 
2021.10.11 
3505497 
2021.06.26 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505498 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505-099 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505-100 
Answers to Interrogatories 
2021.10.11 
3505-101 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
3505-102 
Criminal hlctery check 
2021.10.11 
3505-103 
Plaintiffs Response 
2021.10.11 
3505-104 
Plaintiff's Notice 
2021.10.11 
3505-105 
Photographs 
2021.10.11 
3505-106 
Answers to Interrogatories 
2021.10.11 
3505-107 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
3505-108 
2021.10.27 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3505-109 
2021.10.15 
Voicemail 
2021.11.06 
1506 
Data 
Desaiptien 
Attorney 
Produced to Dame 
3505401 
2009.11.06 
Deposit's transcript 
2021.10.11 
3505002 
2021.06.23 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
1505403 
2021 06.21 
Exhibit to notes 
2021.10.11 
1505404 
2021 06.21 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505005 
2021.07.13 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505006 
2021.07.15 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3505407 
2021.02.24 
Text messages 
2021.10.11 
3505.008 
2021.08.24 
Text messages 
2021.10.11 
3505409 
2021.08.27 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17 
EFTA00010028
--- PAGE 5 ---
3505-010 
Criminal histcry check 
2021.10.11 
3505411 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
3505-012 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
3505-013 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
3505.014 
Text menages 
2021.10.11 
3507 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3507401 
2006.01.11 
Memorandum 
2021.10.11 
3507402 
2006.07.13 
Palm Beach Police Report 
2021.10.11 
3507403 
2006.12.04 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
3507404 
2007.01.11 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3507405 
2037 01 19 
Memorandum 
2021.10.11 
3507406 
2007.02.02 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3507407 
2007.02.02 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3507008 
2007.02.02 
Exhibit to notes 
2021.10.11 
3507409 
2007.05.22 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3507410 
2007.07.30 
Declaration 
2021.10.11 
3507-011 
2010.02.16 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3507-012 
2021.09.27 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3507-013 
2021.09.27 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3507-014 
Criminal history theck 
2021.10.11 
3507-015 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
3507416 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3507417 
2021.10.19 
Interview 302 
2021.11.11 
3508 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3508-001 
2021 09 02 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3508-0O2 
2021 09 02 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3508-03 
2021 10 18 
Notes 
2021.10.25 
3509 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3509401 
2019.09.19 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3509402 
2019.09.19 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3509403 
2019.11.14 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3509-004 
2019.11.14 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3509405 
2019.12.17 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3509406 
2019.12.17 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3509-007 
2020.01.17 
Complaint 
2021.10.11 
3509-008 
2020.02.27 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3509-009 
2020.02.27 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
1509-010 
2020.03.20 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3509-011 
2020.04.03 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3509-012 
2020.06.03 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3509-013 
2020.06.08 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3509-014 
2020.06.08 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3509-015 
2020.06.26 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3509-016 
2020.06.28 
Transept 
2021.10.11 
3509-017 
2020.07.12 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3509-018 
2020.08.03 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3509-019 
2020.08.03 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3509-020 
2021.03.23 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3509421 
2021.03.23 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3509422 
2021.08.17 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3509423 
2021.09.02 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3509424 
2021.09.02 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3509425 
2021.09.14 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3509426 
2021.10.21 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3509427 
Text messages 
2021.10.11 
3509028 
2021.10.13 
Notes 
2021.10.25 
3509029 
2021.10.14 
Notes 
2021.10.25 
3509-030 
2021.08.18 
Erna 
2021.11.06 
3509-031 
2021.10.27 
Documentation of services 
2021.11.06 
3509032 
2021.11.01 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3509033 
2021.11.03 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3509414 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3509035 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3510 
Date 
Dasalpdan 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3510.001 
2020.01.14 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3510402 
2020.01.14 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3510003 
2020.06.28 
Grand Jury transcript 
2021.10.11 
3510004 
2021.05.03 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3510.005 
2021.08.30 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3510006 
2021.08.30 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3510.007 
2021.08.31 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3510008 
2021.08.31 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3510409 
2021.09.01 
Text messages 
2021.10.11 
3510410 
Text messages 
2021.10.11 
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17 
EFTA00010029
--- PAGE 6 ---
3510411 
eat messages 
2021.10.11 
3510012 
2021.11.02 
Notes 
2021.11.11 
3510013 
2021 11.02 
301 
2021.11.11 
Ins 
Date 
_ 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced!. Wenn 
3511.001 
2021.07.30 
Erna 
2021.10.11 
3511.002 
2021.08.05 
Erna 
2021.10.11 
3511.003 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.11 
f512
Date 
Dascdplion 
Attorney 
Produced to Mona 
3512.001 
2003.10.15 
Palm Beach Police Report 
2021.10.11 
3512.002 
Palm Beach Police Report 
2021.10.11 
3512-003 
Palm Beach Police Report 
2021.10.11 
3512-004 
2021.05.19 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3512-005 
2021.06.08 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3512-006 
2021.07.13 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3512-007 
2021.11.09 
Notes 
2021.11.11 
3513 
Data 
Desalptkin 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3513.001 
1995.11.07 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3513-002 
2019.08.27 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3513-003 
2019.08.27 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513-004 
2019.08.27 
Transcript 
2021.10.11_ 
3513-005 
2019.09.19 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3513-006 
2019.09.19 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513407 
2019.09.20 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3513-008 
2019.10.01 
FBI Report 
2021.10.11 
3513-009 
2019.11.15 
Interview 301 
2021.10.11 
3513-010 
2019.11.15 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513-011 
2019.11.15 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513-012 
2019.11.15 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513413 
2019.11.15 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513414 
2019.11.15 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513415 
2019.11.15 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513416 
2019.11.15 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513417 
2019.11.15 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513418 
2019.11.15 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513419 
2019.11.15 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513420 
2019.11.15 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513421 
2019.11.15 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513421 
2019.11.27 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3513023 
2019.11.28 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3513424 
2020.06.28 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3513425 
2020.07.13 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3513-026 
2020.07.14 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3513417 
2020.07.14 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3513-028 
2020.11.15 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3513-029 
2021.03.29 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3513-030 
2021.06.30 
Criminal history report 
2021.10.11 
3513-031 
2021.07.27 
Interview 301 
2021.10.11 
3513-032 
2021.07.27 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513-033 
2021.07.28 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513-034 
2021.07.29 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513-035 
2021.08.24 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513-036 
2021.08.24 
Erna 
2021.10.11 
3513-037 
2021.09.01 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3513038 
2021.09.01 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513439 
2021.09.01 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513440 
2021.09.02 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513041 
2021.09.02 
Interview 301 
2021.10.11 
3513-042 
2021.09.02 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513-043 
2021.09.02 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513444 
2021.09.02 
Exhibit to Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513045 
2021.09.03 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3513046 
2021.10.06 
Criminal history report 
2021.10.11 
3513447 
NYS OYS Application 
2021.10.11 
3513048 
NYS OYS Application 
2021.10.11 
3513049 
NYS OYS Application 
2021.10.11 
3513-050 
Text messages 
2021.10.11 
3513-051 
Text messages 
2021.10.11 
3513-052 
Text messages 
2021.10.11 
3513-053 
2019.09.05 
Erna 
2021.10.25 
3513-054 
Attachment to email 
2021.10.25 
3513-055 
2019.10.03 
Email 
2021.10.25 
3513-056 
2019.10.03 
Email 
2021.10.25 
3513-057 
2019.10.04 
Erna 
2021.10.25 
3513-058 
2019.10.15 
Email 
2021.10.25 
3513-059 
2021.10.24 
Notes 
2021.10.25 
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17 
EFTA00010030
--- PAGE 7 ---
3513460 
I 
2021.10.27 
IDocumentaban of services 
2021 11 C6 
3514 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3519401 
2006.11.15 
Intenne iv 302 
2021 10 11 
3519-002 
2006.11.15 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3519-003 
2007.07.30 
Declaration 
2021.10.11 
3519-009 
2019.07.15 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3519405 
2019.08.27 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3519-006 
2019.09.28 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3519407 
2019.09.28 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3519408 
2019.09.29 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3519409 
2019 09 29 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3510-010 
2019.10.28 
Erna 
2021.10.11 
3519411 
2019.11.12 
Complaint 
2021.10.11 
3519412 
2020.05.09 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3519413 
2020.06.28 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3519419 
2020.07.14 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3519415 
2020.12.15 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3519416 
2020.12.15 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3519417 
2021.03.29 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3519418 
2021.05.11 
FBI Report 
2021.10.11 
3519419 
2021.06.29 
FBI Report 
2021.10.11 
3519-020 
2021.0829 
FBI Report 
2021.10.11 
3519421 
2021.0430 
Criminal history report 
2021.10.11 
3519422 
2021.06.30 
Criminal history report 
2021.10.11 
3519423 
2021.07.26 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3519429 
2021.07.26 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3519425 
2021.07.29 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3519426 
2021-09.17 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3519427 
2021.09.17 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3519428 
2021.09.17 
Exhibit to notes 
2021.10.11 
3519429 
2021.09.17 
Exhibit to notes 
2021.10.11 
3519430 
2021.09.18 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3519411 
Photographs 
2021.10.11 
3519412 
Photographs 
2021.10.11 
3519413 
Photographs 
2021.10.11 
3519419 
Photographs 
2021.10.11 
3519415 
Photographs 
2021.10.11 
3519436 
Photographs 
2021.10.11 
3519417 
Photographs 
2021.10.11 
3519418 
Photographs 
2021.10.11 
3519439 
Photographs 
2021.10.11 
3519-040 
2019.10.15 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3519-041 
Photograph 
2021.10.11 
3519402 
200803.17 
Search Warrant 
2021.10.11 
3519443 
2008.03.17 
Search Warrant 
2021.10.11 
3519449 
2021.11.05 
Notes 
2021.11.11 
3515 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3515401 
2020.08.24 
Interview 302 
2021.1411 
3515402 
2020.0824 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3515403 
2021.05.06 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3515409 
Text messages 
2021.10.11 
3515405 
Text messages 
2021.10.11 
3515406 
Text messages 
2021.10.11 
3515407 
2021 11 03 
Notes 
2021 11 06 
3516 
Data 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Damsel 
3516-001 
2020 11.18 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3516-002 
2021 01.13 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3516-003 
2021 01.13 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3516-004 
2021 03.29 
Transcript 
2021.10.11 
3516-005 
2021.06.07 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3516-006 
2021.06.22 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3516007 
2021-07.12 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3516008 
2021-07.16 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3516009 
2021-07.16 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3516-010 
Criminal history report 
2021.10.11 
3516011 
Criminal history report 
2021.10.11 
3516012 
Criminal history report 
2021.10.11 
3516013 
Criminal history report 
2021.10.11 
3516-014 
Search records 
2021.10.11 
3516415 
Criminal history report 
2021 10 11 
3517 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3517401 
2024 08 17 
Criminal history report 
2021 10 11 
3517402 
200608.17 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3517403 
200608.17 
Exhibit to 302 
2021.10.11 
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17 
EFTA00010031
--- PAGE 8 ---
3517-004 
2021.06.30 
Interview 302 
2021.10.11 
3517-005 
2021.06.30 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3517-006 
2021.06.30 
Exhibit to notes 
2021.10.11 
3517-007 
2021.07.14 
Notes 
202110.11 
3517-008 
Text messages 
2021.10.11 
3517-009 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3517-010 
2021.11.01 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3511 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3518001 
201909.16 
Notes 
2021.1-011 
3518002 
2021.09.24 
Note 
2021.10.11 
3518-003 
2021.09.27 
Note 
2021.10.11 
3518-004 
2021.09.27 
Ernad 
2021.10.11 
3518-005 
Attachment to Email 
2021.10.11 
3518-006 
AttachrneM to Email 
2021.10.11 
3518-007 
AttachrneM to Email 
2021.10.11 
3518-008 
AttachrneM to Email 
2021.10.11 
3518-009 
AttachrneM to Email 
2021.10.11 
3518-010 
Voicemail 
2021.10.11 
3518-011 
Voicemail 
2021.10.11 
f519
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3519001 
2021 04.26 
Notes 
2021 10 11 
3519002 
Criminal history <heck 
202110.11 
3510 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3520001 
2019.07.06 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3520-002 
2019.07.06 
Text message 
2021.10.11 
3520003 
2019.07.06 
Text message 
2021.10.11 
3520004 
2019.07.06 
Text message 
2021.10.11 
3520005 
2019 07 11 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3520006 
2019.07.11 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3520007 
2019.07.12 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3520-008 
2019.07.15 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3520-009 
2019.07.15 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3520010 
2019.07.31 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3520011 
2019.08.02 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3520-012 
2019.08.02 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3520013 
2019.08.13 
Notes and email 
2021.10.11 
3520014 
2019.09.17 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3520015 
2020.05.22 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3520016 
2021.04.29 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3520.017 
2021.06.10 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3520.018 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3520019 
2021.11.02 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3511 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3521-001 
2021.01.29 
FBI 302 
2021 10 11 
3521-002 
2021.01.29 
Notes 
2021 10 11 
3521-003 
2021.11.02 
Notes 
2021.11 C6 
3521404 
2021.11 02 
Notes 
2021.11 C6 
1522 
Date 
Desalp6on 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3522-001 
2003.10.05 
Palm Beach Police Department report 
2021.10.11 
3522-002 
2005.09.23 
Palm Beach Police Department report 
2021.10.11 
3522-003 
2005.11.07 
Palm Beach Police Department report 
2021.10.11 
3522-004 
2006.09.29 
Grand Jury records 
2021.10.11 
3522-005 
2021.05.09 
Ems 
2021.10.11 
3522-006 
2021.05.20 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3522-007 
2021.06.08 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3522408 
2021.07.15 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3522-009 
Voicemail 
2021.10.11 
3522-010 
2021.11.08 
Notes 
2021.11.11 
• 
f1323 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3523.001 
2006.01.27 
T.Mcibik records 
2021.10.11 
3523.002 
2006.01.30 
Driver information 
2021.10.11 
3523-003 
2006.02.13 
Palm Beach Police Department report 
2021.10.11 
3523-004 
2006.08.15 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3523-005 
2006.08.15 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3523-006 
2016.06.03 
Deposition transcript 
2021.10.11 
3523-007 
2016 06.03 
Deposition exhibit 
2021.10.11 
3523-008 
2016.06.03 
Deposition exhibit 
2021.10.11 
3523-009 
2016.06.03 
Deposition exhibit 
2021.10.11 
3523-010 
2016.06.03 
Deposition exhibit 
2021.10.11 
3523-011 
2016.06.03 
Deposition exhibit 
2021.10.11 
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17 
EFTA00010032
--- PAGE 9 ---
3523-012 
2016.06.03 
Deposition exhibit 
2021.10.11 
3523-013 
2016.06.03 
Deposition exhibit 
2021.10.11 
3523-014 
2016.06.01 
Deposition exhibit 
2021.10.11 
3523-015 
2016.06.01 
Deposition exhibit 
2021.10.11 
3523-016 
2019.07.06 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3523-017 
2020.02.07 
Proffer agreement 
2021.10.11 
3523-018 
2020.02.07 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3523-019 
2020.02.07 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3523-020 
2020.06.28 
Grand jury transcript 
2021.10.11 
3523-021 
2020.07.17 
Declaration 
2021.10.11 
3523-022 
2021.03.29 
Grand jury transcript 
2021.10.11 
3523-023 
202L07.30 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3523-024 
202L08.17 
Note 
2021.10.11 
3523-025 
202108.18 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3523-026 
Flight logs 
2021.10.11 
3523-027 
Flight logs 
2021.1011 
3523-028 
Notes 
2021.1011 
3523-029 
Notes 
2021.1011 
3524 
Date 
Desolation 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3524-001 
2806.08.01 
Records search 
2021 10 11 
3524-002 
20)6.12.06 
Records search 
2021.10.11 
3524-003 
2807)31.23 
W1 
2021.10.11 
3524-004 
2007.02.14 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3524-005 
2007.05.23 
Employment records 
2021.10.11 
3524-006 
2010.03.15 
Deposition transcript 
2021.10.11 
3524-007 
2019.07.06 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3524-008 
2019.07.09 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3524-009 
2019.07.12 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3524-010 
2019.07.12 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3524-011 
2019.09.10 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3524-012 
2019.09.10 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3524-013 
2021.05.14 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3524-014 
2021.05.14 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3524-015 
2021.05.14 
Proffer agreement 
2021.10.11 
3524-016 
2021.0220 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3524-017 
2021.0220 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3524-018 
2021.09.30 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3524-019 
2021.10.01 
Proffer agreement 
2021.10.11 
3524-020 
2021.10.01 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3524-021 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
3524-022 
Criminal history check 
2021.10.11 
3524-023 
2807.08.31 
Letter 
2021.10.11 
3524-024 
202L10.27 
Notes 
2021.11.06 
3524-025 
202L11.05 
Proffer agreement 
2021.11.11 
3524-026 
202L11.05 
Notes 
2021.11.11 
3SM 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3525-001 
2021.09.21 
Notes 
2021 10 11 
3525-002 
2021.09.21 
Email 
2021.10.11 
3525-003 
2021.09.21 
Voicemail 
2021.10.11 
3S24 
Date 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3526-001 
2021 09 22 
Notes 
2021 10 11 
3526-002 
2021 09 22 
Notes 
2021 10 11 
3527 
Data 
Description 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
3527-001 
2006.11.27 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3527002 
2006.11.27 
W2 
2021.10.11 
3527-003 
2009.10.15 
Deposition transcript 
2021.10.11 
3527004 
2019.07.09 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3527-005 
2020.10.07 
FBI 302 
2021.10.11 
3527006 
2020.10.07 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3527-007 
2020.10.07 
Exhibit for proffer 
2021.10.11 
3527008 
2020.10.07 
Proffer agreement 
2021.10.11 
3527409 
2020.11.12 
FBI 301 
2021.10.11 
3527010 
2020.11.12 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3527-011 
2020.11.12 
Proffer agreement 
2021.10.11 
3527-012 
2021.08.04 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3527013 
2021.0216 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3527-014 
2020.08.17 
Notes 
2021.10.11 
3527-015 
Various notes 
2021.10.11 
3527-016 
2021.11.09 
Notes 
2021.11.11 
3528 
Date 
Desolation 
Attorney 
Produced to Defense 
352° 2u1 
2021.11 01 
Notes 
2021 11 11 
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17 
EFTA00010033


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010034.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010034.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nathan NYSD Chambers <
MIE> 
To: 
Subject: 20cr330, US v. Maxwell 
Date: Fri, 12 Nov 2021 02:55:17 +0000 
Attachments: 20cr330_Order 11.11.21.pdf 
Counsel: 
Attached please find an order issued by Judge Nathan, which will be filed on the docket tomorrow morning. 
Sincerely, 
Chambers of the Hon. Alison J. Nathan 
EFTA00010034


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010035.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010035.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 2021-11-10 GM letter re GX 52.v4.docx 
Date: Fri, 12 Nov 2021 18:08:13 +0000 
Attachments: 2021-11-10 GM letter re GX 52 v4 docx 
_ 
_ 
_ _ 
_ 
• 
• 
Comments in attached. 
EFTA00010035


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010036.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010036.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Letter Motion 
Date: Fri, 12 Nov 2021 21:29:33 +0000 
Attachments: 2021-11-12_GM_clarification_letterdproposed_redactions].pdf; 2021-11-
12_GM_clarification_letter junredacted].pdf 
Chambers, 
Attached please find an unredacted copy of the Government's letter motion filed today (Dkt. No. 455), along with a copy 
highlighting the Government's proposed redactions. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Saint Andrews Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
EFTA00010036


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010037.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010037.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The Silvio!. Mollo Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
November 12, 2021 
BY ECF 
The Honorable Alison J. Nathan 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
United States Courthouse 
Foley Square 
New York, New York 10007 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Dear Judge Nathan: 
The Government respectfully submits this letter seeking clarification on two items from 
the November I, 2021 pretrial conference. 
First, when describing the defendant's ability to cross-examine witnesses who will be 
testifying under pseudonyms, the Court explained that: 
All lines of inquiry the defense outlined in its response are available without 
disclosing specific names of employers or other specifically identifying 
information. For example, the defense can probe the genre, nature, and trajectories 
of witnesses' careers without eliciting the specific employer name, but the defense's 
cross-examination should not include specifically identifying information, and 
counsel must act responsibly doing so. 
(11/01/21 Tr. at 11:20-12:2). The Government seeks clarification before trial about the line 
between permissible and impermissible cross-examination 'about the "genre" of witnesses' careers 
!Specifically, the Government agrees that the witnesses can be cross examined about their' 
professions (e.g. that they are actors), and the general arcs of those careers (e.g. that they had work 
hr they did not; on a TV show or in a movie 
See Gov't Reply ISO Mot. in Limine, Dkt. No. 393 
EFTA00010037
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
ut there is no "particularized need" to identify the type of movie or TV show (e. . 
Ian action movie as opposed to a soap opera  (11/01/21 Tr. at 10:8-11). That information has no 
impeachment valu 
he notion that an actor works on one t e of show rather than another say 
'nothing about her credibility But it creates significant risk of identifying the relevant Minor 
Victims and witnesses by narrowing the field of people whose careers match the description 
elicited by the defense at the times elicited by the defense, and in combination with the other 
information about them that will be available at trial. 
Second, the Government seeks clarification that the Court's November 1, 2021 order 
permitting witnesses to testify using pseudonyms or first names includes an order barring 
courtroom sketch artists from drawing the exact likeness of those individuals. (See Gov't Mot. in 
Limine, Dkt. No. 380, at 16 n.7 (making this request)); see May 6, 2019 Text Order, Raniere, 18 
Cr. 204 (NGG)(E.D.N.Y.) ("Sketch artists .. . may not draw exact likenesses of jurors or witnesses 
other than co-defendants should they testify . 
."). It would defeat the purpose of the Court's 
order if the exact likeness of those witnesses could be drawn and subsequently publicized in the 
media. Although courtroom sketch artists might voluntarily elect not to sketch these witness's 
faces, the Government seeks an order so it can provide certainty to these witnesses in advance of 
their testimony. 
' The Government's proposed redactions are consistent with the three-part test articulated by the 
Second Circuit in Lugosch v. Pyramid Co. of Onondaga, 435 F.3d 110 (2d Cir. 2006). Although 
this letter is a judicial document subject to the common law presumption of access, the proposed 
redactions are narrowly tailored to protect the privacy interests of the witnesses whom the Court 
has authorized to testify using pseudonyms or their first names. 
EFTA00010038
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
Respectfully submitted, 
DAMIAN WILLIAMS 
United States Attorney 
By:  
s/
Assistant United States Attorneys 
Southern District of New York 
Cc: Defense Counsel (By ECF) 
EFTA00010039


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010040.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010040.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The SiAdol Mollo Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
November 12, 2021 
BY ECF 
The Honorable Alison J. Nathan 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
United States Courthouse 
Foley Square 
New York, New York 10007 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Dear Judge Nathan: 
The Government respectfully submits this letter seeking clarification on two items from 
the November I, 2021 pretrial conference. 
First, when describing the defendant's ability to cross-examine witnesses who will be 
testifying under pseudonyms, the Court explained that: 
All lines of inquiry the defense outlined in its response are available without 
disclosing specific names of employers or other specifically identifying 
information. For example, the defense can probe the genre, nature, and trajectories 
of witnesses' careers without eliciting the specific employer name, but the defense's 
cross-examination should not include specifically identifying information, and 
counsel must act responsibly doing so. 
(11/01/21 Tr. at 11:20-12:2). The Government seeks clarification before trial about the line 
between permissible and impermissible cross-examination about the "genre" of witnesses' careers. 
Specifically, the Government agrees that the witnesses can be cross examined about their 
professions (e.g. that they are actors), and the general arcs of those careers (e.g. that they had work, 
or they did not; on a TV show or in a movie). (See Gov't Reply ISO Mot. in Limine, Dkt. No. 393, 
EFTA00010040
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
at 17-18).1 But there is no "particularized need" to identify the type of movie or TV show (e.g., 
an action movie as opposed to a soap opera). (11/01/21 Tr. at 10:8-11). That information has no 
impeachment value—the notion that an actor works on one type of show rather than another says 
nothing about her credibility. But it creates significant risk of identifying the relevant Minor 
Victims and witnesses by narrowing the field of people whose careers match the description 
elicited by the defense at the times elicited by the defense, and in combination with the other 
information about them that will be available at trial. 
Second, the Government seeks clarification that the Court's November 1, 2021 order 
permitting witnesses to testify using pseudonyms or first names includes an order barring 
courtroom sketch artists from drawing the exact likeness of those individuals. (See Gov't Mot. in 
Limine, Dkt. No. 380, at 16 n.7 (making this request)); see May 6, 2019 Text Order, Raniere, 18 
Cr. 204 (NGG) (E.D.N.Y.) ("Sketch artists .. . may not draw exact likenesses of jurors or witnesses 
other than co-defendants should they testify . 
."). It would defeat the purpose of the Court's 
order if the exact likeness of those witnesses could be drawn and subsequently publicized in the 
media. Although courtroom sketch artists might voluntarily elect not to sketch these witness's 
faces, the Government seeks an order so it can provide certainty to these witnesses in advance of 
their testimony. 
' The Government's proposed redactions are consistent with the three-part test articulated by the 
Second Circuit in Lugosch v. Pyramid Co. of Onondaga, 435 F.3d 110 (2d Cir. 2006). Although 
this letter is a judicial document subject to the common law presumption of access, the proposed 
redactions are narrowly tailored to protect the privacy interests of the witnesses whom the Court 
has authorized to testify using pseudonyms or their first names. 
EFTA00010041
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
Respectfully submitted, 
DAMIAN WILLIAMS 
United States Attorney 
By: 
Cc: Defense Counsel (By ECF) 
Assistant United States Attorneys 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010042


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010043.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010043.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Outside juror research 
Date: Wed, 17 Nov 2021 04:33:58 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.11.16_US_v_Maxwell Jurors_Proceeding_to_VD-outsidejesearch_&_VD_notes.xlsx 
Hi all, 
Attached please find the completed research on the next 40 jurors and typed-up VD notes from 
-nd me. 
Green highlight indicates starting juror #117 and the 40th juror is highlighted in yellow. 
Saved here on the Shared as well. 
Best, 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, November 16, 2021 7:19 PM 
Subject: RE: Outside juror research 
f you could please get through the next 40 jurors tonight so the team has whatever research you can 
find for voir dire tomorrow, that would be great. Thank you so much! 
Subject: Outside juror research 
Hi team, 
ave been looking into the jurors proceeding to voir dire (excluding those that were struck today) online, 
with many thanks to them. A sample of their notes is attached (which hasn't yet been corroborated by the notes I took 
today, which I've sent them—for example, if there's two people with the same name, my notes from today should narrow 
it down). 
Can you please let 
know what would be most helpful to you in advance of tomorrow (e.g., how many 
jurors you want them to get through, by what time, etc.)? 
Thanks, 
EFTA00010043
--- PAGE 2 ---
Paralegal Specialist 
U.S. Attorney's Office I SDNY 
Saint Andrew's Plaza 
EFTA00010044


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010045.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010045.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT 1 
EFTA00010045
--- PAGE 2 ---
AO 89B (07/16) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information. or Objects in a Criminal Case 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of New York 
To: 
United States of America 
Ghislame Maxwell 
Defendant 
) ) ) ) ) 
Case No. 20CR330 (MN) 
SUBPOENA TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION, OR 
OBJECTS IN A CRIMINAL CASE 
(Name of person to whom this subpoena is directed) 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to produce at the time, date, and place set forth below the following books, papers, 
documents, data, or other objects: 
See Attachment A 
place: United States District Court 
Southern District of New York, Courtroom 318 
Foley Square, New York, NY 10007 
Certain provisions of Fed. R. Crim. P. 17 are attached, including Rule 17(c)(2), relating to your ability to file a 
motion to quash or modify the subpoena; Rule 17(d) and (e), which govern service of subpoenas; and Rule 17(g), 
relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so. 
Date: 
(SEAL) 
Date and Time: 11/29/2021 8:30 am 
CLERK OF COURT 
Signature of Clerk or Depury, Clerk 
The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing blame of party) 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
, who requests this subpoena, are: 
Jeffre S. Pa huca. Haddon, Morgan & Foreman P.C., 
Notice to those who use this form to request a subpoena 
Before requesting and serving a subpoena pursuant to Fed. R. Crim. P. 17(c), the party seeking the subpoena is advised to 
consult the rules of practice of the court in which the criminal proceeding is pending to determine whether any local rules 
or orders establish requirements in connection with the issuance of such a subpoena. If no local rules or orders govern 
practice under Rule 17(c), counsel should ask the assigned judge whether the court regulates practice under Rule 17(c) to 
1) require prior judicial approval for the issuance of the subpoena, either on notice or ex parte; 2) specify where the 
documents must be returned (e.g., to the court clerk, the chambers of the assigned judge, or counsel's office); and 3) 
require that counsel who receives produced documents provide them to opposing counsel absent a disclosure obligation 
under Fed. R. Crim. P. 16. 
Please note that Rule 17(c) (attached) provides that a subpoena for the production of certain information about a victim 
may not be issued unless first approved by separate court order. 
EFTA00010046
--- PAGE 3 ---
AO 898 (07/16) Subpoena to Produce Documents. Information, or Objects in a Criminal Case (Page 2) 
Case No. 20CR330 (AJN) 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
This subpoena for (name of individual and title, if an)) 
was received by me on (date) 
O I served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named person as follows: 
on (date) 
; or 
O I returned the subpoena unexecuted because: 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
My fees are $ 
Date: 
for travel and $ 
for services, for a total of $ 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc.: 
Server's signature 
Printed name and title 
Server's address 
0.00 
Print 
Save As... 
Add Attachment 
Reset 
EFTA00010047
--- PAGE 4 ---
AO 89B (07/16) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information, or Objects in a Criminal Case (Page 3) 
Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 17 (c), (d), (e), and (g) (Effective 12/1/08) 
(c) Producing Documents and Objects. 
(I) In General. A subpoena may order the witness to produce any books, papers, documents, data, or other objects the subpoena 
designates. The court may direct the witness to produce the designated items in court before trial or before they are to be offered in 
evidence. When the items arrive, the court may permit the parties and their attorneys to inspect all or part of them. 
(2) Quashing or Modifying the Subpoena. On motion made promptly, the court may quash or modify the subpoena if compliance 
would be unreasonable or oppressive. 
(3) Subpoena for Personal or Confidential Information About a Victim. Atter a complaint, indictment, or information is tiled, a 
subpoena requiring the production of personal or confidential information about a victim may be served on a third party only by court 
order. Before entering the order and unless there are exceptional circumstances, the court must require giving notice to the victim so that 
the victim can move to quash or modify the subpoena or otherwise object. 
(d) Service. A marshal, a deputy marshal, or any nonparty who is at least 18 years old may serve a subpoena. The server must deliver a copy 
of the subpoena to the witness and must tender to the witness one day's witness-attendance fee and the legal mileage allowance. The server 
need not tender the attendance fee or mileage allowance when the United States, a federal officer, or a federal agency has requested the 
subpoena. 
(e) Place of Service. 
(I) In the United States. A subpoena requiring a witness to attend a hearing or trial may be served at any place within the United 
States. 
(2) In a Foreign Country. If the witness is in a foreign country, 28 U.S.C. § 1783 governs the subpoena's service. 
(g) Contempt. The court (other than a magistrate judge) may hold in contempt a witness who, without adequate excuse, disobeys a subpoena 
issued by a federal court in that district. A magistrate judge may hold in contempt a witness who, without adequate excuse, disobeys a 
subpoena issued by that magistrate judge as provided in 28 U.S.C. § 636(e). 
EFTA00010048
--- PAGE 5 ---
ATTACHMENT A 
DEFINITIONS 
I. "You" or "Your" means any owner, shareholder, partner or employee of the Epstein Victim's 
Compensation Program ("EVCP"), and any former owner, shareholder, partner or employee 
of the EVCP. 
2. "Accusers" or "Accuser meanMIMMEMI 
and 
3. Attorneys means legal counsel for any Accuser or the EVCP. 
4. "Communication" means all forms of correspondence, including regular mail, email, text 
message, memorandum, or other written communication of information of any kind. 
5. "EVCP Material" refers to any submission to the Epstein Victim's Compensation Program 
made by an Accuser, including any claims on behalf of persons who have accused Jeffrey 
Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell of any misconduct, any releases signed by an Accuser or their 
Attorneys, and any compensation received by an Accuser. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
I. Production of documents and items requested herein shall be made in person to United States 
District Court, Southern District of New York, 40 Foley Square, New York, NY 10007, 
Courtroom 318. 
2. This Request calls for the production of all responsive Documents in Your possession, 
custody or control without regard to the physical location of such documents. 
3. If any Document was in your possession or control, but is no longer, state what disposition 
was made of said Document, the reason for the disposition, and the date of such disposition. 
4. In producing Documents, if the original of any Document cannot be located, a copy shall be 
produced in lieu thereof, and shall be legible and bound or stapled in the same manner as the 
original. 
5. Any copy of a Document that is not identical shall be considered a separate document. 
6. All Documents shall be produced in the same order as they are kept or maintained by You in 
the ordinary course of business. 
7. Responsive electronically stored information (ESI) shall be produced in its native form; that 
is, in the form in which the information was customarily created, used and stored by the 
native application employed by the producing party in the ordinary course of business. 
8. Defendant does not seek and does not require the production of multiple copies of identical 
Documents. 
9. This Request is deemed to be continuing. If, after producing these Documents, you obtain or 
EFTA00010049
--- PAGE 6 ---
become aware of any further information, Documents, things, or information responsive to 
this Request, you are required to so state by supplementing your responses and producing 
such additional Documents to Defendant. 
DOCUMENTS OR THINGS TO BE PRODUCED 
I. Any and all EVCP Material submitted by each Accuser, not limited to Claim Forms and 
supporting submissions made by each Accuser; 
2. Communications between the EVCP to each of the Accusers and/ or their Attorneys; 
3. Copies of any payments to the Accusers and their Attorneys; 
4. Any and All Releases executed by the Accusers. 
EFTA00010050
--- PAGE 7 ---
EXHIBIT 1 
EFTA00010051
--- PAGE 8 ---
Independent 
Epstein Victims' Compensation Program 
PROTOCOL 
May 29, 2020 
I. 
PURPOSE AND OVERVIEW 
The Epstein Victims' Compensation Program (the "Program") is a voluntary, independent Program that 
has been established to compensate and resolve the claims of victims-survivors of sexual abuse by 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"). 
The Estate of Jeffrey E stein (the "Estate") has retained the services of nationally recognized claims 
administration experts 
and .MNIIMMMMENIMMEto design the 
Program. will 
also serve as the Administrator of the Program (the "Administrator"). This 
Protocol reflects input from victims-survivors, their lawyers, other potentially interested parties, and 
representatives of the Estate. 
Through the Program, the Estate wishes to acknowledge the wrongs endured by victims-survivors and 
offer them an opportunity to voluntarily resolve their individual claims for such sexual abuse. 
The Program is governed by the following non-exclusive guiding principles: 
• The Program is purely voluntary. It does not affect any rights a Claimant may have 
unless and until the Claimant accepts the offered compensation and executes a 
Release. 
A Claimant may reject the offer of compensation and may stop 
participating in the Program and withdraw the claim at any time prior to execution 
of the Release. 
• 
The Program is independent and will in no way be administered, controlled or 
overseen by the Estate. The Administrator is responsible for all decisions relating to 
the review, processing and evaluation of individual claims submitted to the 
Program. The Administrator will have final, binding and exclusive authority to 
determine Claimant eligibility and the valuation of each eligible individual claim. 
Decisions of the Administrator made pursuant to this Protocol are not subject to 
review or modification in any way by the Estate or any other party or entity. 
• 
There is no cap or limitation on the aggregate amount of funds available to 
compensate all eligible Claimants or on the amount of compensation to be made to 
each individual Claimant. Each individual claim will be evaluated separately by the 
Administrator. 
The Administrator will determine, in her sole and exclusive 
discretion, issues of eligibility and the amount of compensation and the Estate will 
pay all eligible claims based on the Administrator's determination. 
Wage 
EFTA00010052
--- PAGE 9 ---
• 
All Claimants will be treated with respect, dignity and fairness without regard to 
race, color, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, gender or disability. To 
ensure claims will be adjudicated fairly, the Administrator will manage the process 
so that all Claimants can equally access the Program's claim process. Individuals 
with disabilities will be given the opportunity to effectively communicate their 
claims and to request special process accommodations. 
The Program is available to all victims-survivors regardless of where they were harmed, when they were 
harmed, whether the claim is time-barred by the applicable statute of limitations, and whether they 
have previously filed a lawsuit against or settled with Epstein and/or the Estate. 
The exclusive claims period for filing a claim pursuant to this Protocol shall commence on the to-be-
determined Effective Date and shall conclude nine (9) months after that date ("Filing Deadline"). All 
individual claims filed with the Program must be filed within this period. 
To complement the Program's resources, the Administrator will, at her discretion and with the consent 
of the Claimant, consult with Professor 
, a nationally recognized sexual abuse expert, 
leading legal academic and advocate of victims' rights. Ms. 
role will be to further inform the 
Administrator and her staff about the dynamics of sexual abuse, common responses to sexual abuse, 
and the impact of sexual abuse on victims; to serve as a resource for the Administrator in developing or 
updating policies and procedures; to advise the Administrator regarding sensitivities involved in 
interactions with victims; and to serve as a referral source for the Administrator in providing post-
determination information to claimants who seek guidance, counseling or other services. 
The 
Administrator may, at her discretion and with the Claimant's prior written consent, request that Ms. 
review an individual claimant file. The Administrator will determine on a case-by-case basis, in 
her discretion, the need to anonymize individual claimants' files before sharing them with Ms.
. 
As set forth above, the Administrator is solely responsible for all decisions relating to the administration 
of the Program, including the review, processing, evaluation, and determination of individual claims 
submitted to the Program. 
During the term of the Program, Ms. 
will not meet or speak with a Claim 
representatives concerning any aspect of the Program without the Administrator present. M 
will maintain in strict confidence and will not disclose outside the Program any information she obtains 
through her participation in the Program, including individual Claimants' submissions. 
Wage 
EFTA00010053
--- PAGE 10 ---
II. 
ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS 
A. Eligibility Criteria 
The persons eligible to participate in this Program are individuals who allege they were sexually abused 
by Epstein. In addition, the following criteria apply: 
• 
The claim of sexual abuse must be directed against Epstein. 
• 
An individual whose claim is time-barred by the applicable statute of limitations may 
participate in the Program provided that other eligibility criteria are met. 
• 
An individual who previously entered into a settlement agreement resolving a claim of sexual 
abuse against Epstein may participate in the Program provided that other eligibility criteria are 
met. 
• 
An individual who allegedly assisted Epstein in procuring other victims-survivors may 
participate in the Program where there is a credible basis to determine that the individual 
acted under duress as a result of her own sexual abuse by Epstein, provided that other 
eligibility criteria are met. 
• 
If the Claimant chooses to accept the offered compensation, the Claimant must dismiss with 
prejudice any existing lawsuits, legal actions or claims filed against the Estate or related entities 
and/or related individuals. The Claimant must provide proof of such dismissal along with or 
prior to the signed acceptance of the compensation determination offer letter and executed 
Release in order to receive payment. 
B. Legal Representatives of Claimants 
An individual may file a claim on a victim's behalf where that individual has been granted legal authority 
to act in a representative capacity pursuant to appropriate law. The "Legal Representative" of an 
individual Claimant shall mean: (1) in the case of a Claimant who is currently a minor, a parent or legal 
guardian authorized by law to serve as the minor's legal representative; (2) in the case of an 
incompetent or legally incapacitated Claimant, a person who has been duly appointed as the Claimant's 
legal representative in accordance with applicable law; (3) in the case of a deceased Claimant, a person 
who has been duly appointed to act as the personal representative of the Claimant's estate by a court of 
competent jurisdiction and is authorized to file and compromise a claim; or (4) an attorney authorized to 
represent the Claimant for purposes of pursuing a claim through this Program. 
Legal Representatives must provide proper documentation demonstrating representative capacity. Such 
proof may include a power of attorney; documentation showing the individual's appointment as 
guardian or guardian ad litem; documentation showing the individual's appointment as personal 
representative of the Claimant's estate (such as letters of administration); a copy of a retainer 
Wage 
EFTA00010054
--- PAGE 11 ---
agreement showing legal representation signed by both the Claimant and the attorney or a signed 
statement by an adult Claimant and the attorney that a licensed/admitted attorney is acting on her 
behalf. 
III. 
CLAIMS ADMINISTRATION - SUBMISSION. EVALUATION AND DETERMINATION 
A. Claims Submission Process 
Individuals who have filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim against Epstein and/or the Estate or have 
otherwise been identified as a victim of Epstein by their attorney to the Administrator on or before the 
Effective Date will be sent a Claim Form and other relevant Program information, including Instructions 
for completion and submission of the Claim Form and a copy of this Protocol. Individuals who have filed 
a lawsuit need not agree to a stay of litigation or make any other concession in any pending litigation to 
be eligible to participate in the Program. Likewise, individuals who have not yet filed a lawsuit remain 
free to file a lawsuit and engage in litigation concurrently with participation in the Program. Individuals 
must, however, dismiss with prejudice any and all existing lawsuits, legal actions and claims prior to or at 
the time of acceptance of a compensation determination offer in order to receive payment. 
Individuals who have not filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim against Epstein and/or the Estate or have 
not otherwise been identified as a victim of Epstein by their attorney to the Administrator on or before 
the Effective Date may register to participate in this Program on the Program's website at 
www.EpsteinVCP.com. To register, such individuals must complete a questionnaire setting forth their 
name, contact information, a summary description of the nature of the claim and other requested 
information. Upon registration, the Administrator will perform a preliminary review to consider if the 
individual is eligible to participate in the Program. If the Administrator deems that the individual is 
eligible to participate in the Program, she will then send that individual a Claim Form and other relevant 
Program information. 
Note: The fact that an individual is sent a Claim Form and other relevant Program information indicates 
that the Administrator has determined that such individual is eligible to participate in the Program. It 
does not indicate that the Administrator has determined that such individual is eligible to receive 
compensation. That determination is made only after a Claim Form and all required documentation has 
been submitted and evaluated by the Administrator. 
Registrations for individuals who have not filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim against Epstein and/or the 
Estate or have not otherwise been identified as a victim of Jeffrey Epstein by their attorney to the 
Administrator on or before the Effective Date will be accepted by the Administrator from the Effective 
Date through a date that is 45 days prior to the Filing Deadline ("Registration Deadline"). It is important 
to note that the Registration Deadline is separate from, and precedes, the Filing Deadline. As explained 
above, all claims must be filed by the Filing Deadline. 
Wage 
EFTA00010055
--- PAGE 12 ---
All Claim Forms must be completed to the best of a Claimant's ability and filed no later than the Filing 
Deadline. Claim Forms should be uploaded to the Program website at www.EpsteinVCP.com, or mailed 
via overnight courier (a pre-paid courier voucher will be included with each packet) to the Administrator 
at the following address: 
Epstein Victims' Compensation Program 
Attn: 
Administrator 
1050 Connecticut Ave., NW 
#65488 
Washington, D.C. 20035 
Claimants are invited to provide documentation identified in the Claim Form, and any other 
corroborating or supporting information sufficient to substantiate the claim, satisfy eligibility 
requirements, and allow the Administrator to review, process and evaluate the claim. If the claim is 
being presented by a Legal Representative, then the Legal Representative will be responsible for 
submitting the necessary documentation relating to the represented Claimant. 
Additional documentation may be requested at the discretion of the Administrator. Both the Claimant 
and the Estate will be afforded the opportunity to submit to the Administrator any information deemed 
relevant to the Administrator's evaluation and determination of the claim before the Administrator's 
final disposition of the claim. 
If a Claimant submits an incomplete or deficient claim, the Administrator will notify the Claimant, 
explain the additional information that is needed, and work with the Claimant or the Claimant's Legal 
Representative (where applicable) to assist in submitting a complete claim. 
B. Claims Evaluation and Determination 
Claims will be evaluated in the order in which they are received, with the Administrator evaluating each 
submitted individual claim in a prompt and fair manner. Claims will only be determined once all 
required documentation has been submitted to the Administrator, with due consideration granted to 
Claimant's good faith explanations for delays and/or absence of documentation. 
1. Factors Considered in Evaluating Claims 
As to each individual claim, the Administrator will determine, in her sole discretion based upon all of the 
information available, whether the allegations of sexual abuse are credible. The Administrator will 
consider appropriate factors and corroborative support, including but not limited to: 
• The level of documentation, corroboration or other circumstantial evidence regarding the 
nature and extent of the abuse, the frequency, location and other details of the abuse, and the 
age of the victim at the time of the abuse. Non-exhaustive examples of such evidence include 
(i) medical or psychiatric counseling/therapy records relevant to the abuse, and 
(ii) contemporaneous written notification or other correspondence (e.g., letters, emails) of the 
abuse by the Claimant to law enforcement authorities, parents, friends or others. 
The 
Wage 
EFTA00010056
--- PAGE 13 ---
Administrator acknowledges that some Claimants may not be able to provide any 
documentation to corroborate their Claim based on the nature and circumstances of Epstein's 
conduct. If a Claimant's written and oral presentation is deemed to be credible by the 
Administrator, the Claimant may still be eligible for compensation under the Program. 
• 
Whether there exists any information and/or pertinent findings offered by the appropriate 
Office of the District Attorney, United States Attorney's Office, or other law enforcement 
agency. 
• 
Whether the Administrator finds the claims of the individual to be credible after complete 
review of all relevant documentation and other evidence provided by the Claimant and the 
Estate. 
As to each individual claim, the Administrator will determine, in her sole discretion based upon all of the 
information available, the amount of compensation that should be offered to each eligible Claimant. 
The Administrator will consider appropriate factors and corroborative support, including but not limited 
to: 
• The nature, duration and extent of the sexual abuse suffered by the Claimant. 
• 
The age of the Claimant at the time of the sexual abuse. 
• 
The nature and extent of the Claimant's physical or psychological damage resulting from the 
sexual abuse, and the effect of the sexual abuse on the Claimant. 
• 
The credibility of the claim based upon all of the facts and circumstances, supporting 
documentation and corroborating evidence. 
• Whether the Claimant previously entered into a settlement agreement with Epstein and 
received a payment pursuant to such agreement. 
The Administrator will confidentially send the Claimant a compensation determination offer letter 
including the following: (1) the Administrator's eligibility decision regarding the claim; (2) the amount of 
compensation offered; (3) a Release to be signed by the Claimant if the Claimant accepts the offered 
compensation; and (4) a Payment Option Form. The Administrator's offer shall be valid for 60 days from 
the date of the compensation determination offer letter. 
The Administrator's determinations in this Program will not be binding on any potential criminal 
investigation involving Claimant's claims. 
2. Opportunities to be Heard 
The Claimant will be afforded an opportunity to be heard, either before or after the Administrator 
renders her determination. Upon request by the Claimant, the Administrator will be available to meet in 
person (as practicable in light of the COVID-19 pandemic), by video conference, or by teleconference to 
Wage 
EFTA00010057
--- PAGE 14 ---
further discuss the claim. These meetings are completely optional and voluntary. Requests to meet 
with the Administrator should be sent by email to ClaimantServices@EpsteinVCP.com and will be 
scheduled at a mutually convenient time and location. The Administrator may also request a meeting 
with a Claimant or her Legal Representative at a reasonable mutually convenient time and location, 
though the Claimant is not obligated to attend any such meeting. 
3. Release 
By submitting a claim to the Program, a Claimant is seeking to resolve all claims relating to allegations 
of sexual abuse against Epstein and/or the Estate, and related entities and individuals as set forth in the 
Release. If a Claimant chooses to accept the offer of compensation pursuant to the Program, the 
Claimant will be required to sign and execute a full Release, in a form satisfactory to the Estate, of all 
past and future claims (including lis pendens, writs of attachment, etc.) relating to such allegations of 
sexual abuse against the Estate, related entities and/or related individuals. A Claimant may reject the 
offer of compensation and may stop participating in the Program and withdraw the claim at any time 
prior to the execution of the Release. 
The Release will waive any rights the Claimant and her heirs, descendants, legatees or beneficiaries 
may have to assert any claims relating to allegations of sexual abuse against the Estate, related 
entities and/or related individuals, to file an individual legal action relating to such allegations, or to 
participate in any civil legal action associated with such allegations, except as a witness. However, 
the Release will not operate to preclude or limit the Claimant's ability to report and discuss 
allegations of sexual abuse with law enforcement officials or anyone else. In other words, the 
Release will not impose any rules of confidentiality on claimants, who are expressly permitted to 
discuss their allegations without restriction, should they choose. 
Before signing a Release, the Claimant must consult with an attorney selected by the Claimant. If the 
Claimant is not represented by an attorney, the Program will provide an attorney to provide free legal 
counseling to the Claimant for the sole purpose of advising the Claimant concerning the language and 
binding nature of the Release. 
No one affiliated with the Program will provide tax or legal advice to those receiving payments under 
the Program. Claimants are urged to consult with a tax advisor concerning any questions regarding 
tax liability for payments pursuant to the Program. 
4. Payments 
Upon the Claimant's acceptance of the Administrator's determination, the Administrator's receipt of 
the Claimant's executed Release and, where applicable, dismissal with prejudice of any existing 
lawsuit, legal actions or claims against the Estate or related entities and/or related individuals, the 
Administrator will initiate payment by check or electronic funds transfer to each eligible Claimant as 
directed by the Claimant. Checks will be sent to Claimants via overnight courier service. All 
7lPage 
EFTA00010058
--- PAGE 15 ---
payments made under the Program shall be for a Claimant's physical injuries, physical sickness and 
resulting emotional distress within the meaning of Section 104(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
C. Program Integrity 
For the purpose of protecting both the integrity of the Program and financial resources for eligible 
Claimants, the Administrator will institute all necessary measures to prevent payment of fraudulent 
claims, including taking steps to verify claims and analyze submissions for inconsistencies, 
irregularities or duplication. 
Each Claimant who signs the Claim Form at the time of submission certifies that the information 
provided in the Claim Form is true and accurate to the best of the Claimant's knowledge, and that the 
Claimant understands that false statements or claims made in connection with such submission may 
result in fines, imprisonment and/or any other remedy available by law. Claims that appear to be 
potentially fraudulent or to contain information known by the Claimant to be false when made will be 
forwarded to federal, state or local law enforcement agencies and/or the appropriate Office of the 
District Attorney and/or United States Attorney's Office for possible investigation and prosecution. 
D. Confidentiality/Privacy 
The Program is confidential.1 By filing a claim with the Program, the Claimant or her Legal 
Representative (where applicable) agrees that information submitted by the Claimant pursuant to 
the Program will be used and/or disclosed by the Administrator and her designees only for the 
following purposes: 
1) Processing and evaluating the Claimant's claim; 
2) Administering the Program and other Program-related work; and 
3) Reports to law enforcement where appropriate, related to potentially fraudulent claims. 
When documents or other information maintained or submitted by the Estate become part of a 
Claimant's file for purposes of the Program, such materials will be reviewed by the Administrator to 
assist in processing and evaluating the claim, but will otherwise remain confidential. No information 
provided by Claimants will be provided to the Estate except for the Claimant's name and the date(s) 
and location(s) of the alleged abuse, for the sole purpose of processing and evaluating the claim and, 
for purposes of the Release, the names of any other individual(s) to whom or by whom the Claimant 
alleges she was trafficked or sexually abused. The Estate has agreed that no information obtained 
solely through the Program will be disclosed publicly or used by the Estate in defending itself from any 
claim, regardless of forum. The Program's files are not available for inspection, review or copying by 
the Estate or the Claimant or her representatives during or after the Program, and all pertinent 
I  All parties agree that they are using the services of a third-party administrator to help reach a resolution of Individual claims 
of sexual abuse, and that this Program is entitled to confidentiality, privileges (mediation, settlement and all other pertinent 
privileges), and protection from disclosure under applicable law. 
8iPage 
EFTA00010059
--- PAGE 16 ---
mediation privileges, settlement privileges and other privileges apply. 
To protect the privacy of Claimants participating in the Program, all personal information provided by 
the Claimant during this process will be returned or destroyed within one year after the conclusion of 
the Program. 
Individual Claimants are not bound through the Program by any rules of confidentiality. Claimants may, 
at their sole and voluntary option, disclose information in their possession regarding their claim, their 
compensation and their experience with the Program. 
All confidentiality requirements are subject to law, regulation and judicial process. 
E. Reporting 
The Administrator shall, on a monthly basis, confidentially provide reports regarding the number and 
total value of claims paid each month to the Probate Court of the United States Virgin Islands and the 
Attorney General of the United States Virgin Islands. Such reports will report on an aggregate level 
only. No individual Claimant information will be published or disclosed in a way that compromises 
Claimant confidentiality. 
9IPage 
EFTA00010060


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010061.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010061.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: ' 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: CBP Testimony 
Date: Wed, 17 Nov 2021 23:45:00 —0000 
Attachments: SDNYGM00000799-SDNYGM 
SDNY_GM_0000081 1 .pdf; SDNY_ 
SDNY_GM_00000815-SDNY_GM 
SDNY_GM_00000833.pdf; SDNY_ 
SDNY GM 02753142-SDNY GM 
00000805.pdf; SDNY GM 00000806-
GM 00000812-SDNY GM 00000814.pdf; 
00000819.pdf; SDNY GM 00000820-
GM 02753139-SDNY GM 02753141.pdf; 
02753143.pdf 
-
See attached. 
Thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, November 17, 2021 4:46 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
>; 
Subject: (EXTERNAL] CBP Testimony 
AUSA 
I hope that this email finds you well. I understand that you are in need of CBP assistance — specifically testimony regarding 
our travel records prior to 2004. We have located an appropriate individual to testify and I would like to facilitate. If you 
have a moment to discuss please feel free to reach out to my cell number below. 
Best, 
Senior Attorney 
Office of the Associate Chief Counsel, New York 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
OCC NE Homepage 
I am currently teleworking. You may reach me by email or cell (
I). 
EFTA00010061


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010062.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010062.pdf
----------------------------------------
01104/201912:55 EST 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 1 of 7 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Document 
Date-Tine 
Number 
Carder 
Code 
Carder 
Num. 
UO Site 
Men 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
An 
Loc 
Dip 
Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/14/2018 
08:49 
•GA 
N212JE 
: 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/14/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/28/2018 
25:27 
•GA 
N212JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/28/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/25/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KBCT 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/24/2018 
00:00 
*GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KBCT 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/11/2018 
08:24 
*GA 
N212JE 
I 
A10: 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/02/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
10/30/2018 
15:36 
•GA 
N212JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/28/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/11/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/10/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/30/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
09/22/2018 
17:52 
•GA 
N120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/22/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N120JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/20/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/13/2018 
18:11 
*GA 
N120JE 
I 
A10D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/06/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
08/29/2018 
17:44 
•GA 
N120JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/25/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/15/2018 
22:03 
•GA 
N120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/14/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N120JE 
;PIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000799 
EFTA00010062
--- PAGE 2 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
01/04/2019 12:55 EST 
Generated By: 
Page 2 of 7 
Status 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Document 
Date - Time 
Carrier Carnet 
I O 
Site 
Insp 
Type 
Ref 
Arr 
Dep 
Type 
Number 
Code 
Num. 
Loc 
Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/06/2018 •GA 
N120JE 
I 
Ald 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
NS 
KIER. TIST 
EDWARD 
21:13 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/05/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/29/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
13:18 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/21/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/10/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
17:48 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/07/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/27/2018 'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A10D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
11:47 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/20/2018 'GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/15/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EDWARD 
19:11 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/15/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/02/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KISP TIST 
EDWARD 
21:21 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/02/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
05/27/2018 'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KPBI TIST 
EDWARD 
18:07 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
05/22/2018 'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KISP LFPB 
15:42 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
05/13/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/27/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EDWARD 
19:57 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/27/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/20/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
22:03 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/20/2018 'GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/09/2018 'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A10D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
13:22 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/31/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/27/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
A512 
APIS 
EDWARD 
27:39 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/27/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KPBI TIST 
00:00 
_ 
._ . . .. 
• 
• • 
- 
- 
_ 
. . 
_ 
- 
SDNY GM 00000800 
or utnciai use uniy Law tntorcement sensitive 
EFTA00010063
--- PAGE 3 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
01/04/2019 12:55 EST 
Generated By: 
Type 
Status 
Page 3 of 7 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 'Document 
Type 
Number 
Date • Time 
Carrier 
Code 
Carnet-
Num. 
1.0 Site 
Insp 
Ref 
Arr 
Loc 
Dep 
Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
03/13/2018 
14:02 
*GA 
N120JE 
AIUP 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/08/2018 
00:00 
eGA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/03/2018 
20:36 
eGA 
N120JE 
I 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/03/2018 
00:00 
eGA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/21/2018 
19:53 
eGA 
N120JE 
I 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/21/2018 
00:00 
eGA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KFXE 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/07/2018 eGA 
N120JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EDWARD 
19:14 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/07/2018 eGA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/27/2018 eGA 
N120JE 
: 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB CYYR 
16:39 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/27/2018 eGA 
N120JE 
: 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB CYYR 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/21/2018 eGA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/20/2018 eGA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/16/2018 eGA 
N120JE 
I 
AlUD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
20:06 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/16/2018 eGA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/07/2018 eGA 
N120JE 
I 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
20:08 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/07/2018 eGA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/20/2017 eGA 
N120JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EDWARD 
19:20 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/20/2017 eGA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/12/2017 eGA 
N120JE 
: 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
16:56 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/08/2017 eGA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/05/2017 eGA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/26/2017 eGA 
N120JE 
I 
AI0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
EDWARD 
20:19 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/26/2017 eGA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
- 
- 
- 
. 
. 
. .. 
• 
• • 
- 
- 
- 
... 
SDNY GM 00000801 
or utnciai use uniy Law tntorcement sensitive 
EFTA00010064
--- PAGE 4 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
01/04/2019 12:55 EST 
Generated By: 
Pa e e 4 of 7 
Insp 
Type 
Status 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Document 
Date - Time 
Carrier Carder 
TO 
Site 
Ref 
N. =Imp 
T •e 
Number 
Code 
Num. 
Loc 
Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/07/2017 •GA 
NI2OJE 
I 
A1OD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
21:03 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/07/2017 •GA 
0120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/03/2017 'GA 
0120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/20/2017 •GA 
0415LM 
I 
A1OD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EDWARD 
09:43 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/09/2017 •GA 
0415LM 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/05/2017 •GA 
0415LM 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KISP TIST 
21:21 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/13/2017 •GA 
0415LM 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KISP LFPB 
09:07 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/02/2017 'GA 
N415LM 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/29/2017 'GA 
0120JE 
A514 
APIS 
EDWARD 
08:33 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/29/2017 *GA 
N120JE 
: 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TEB XXX 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/02/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
: 
A1OD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
11:02 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/20/2017 
P 
P5:5 
VEHICLE 
EDWARD 
08:32 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/20/2017 'GA 
N212JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TEB XXX 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/16/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
'APIS 
PASSENGER 
XXX PBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/11/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
08:45 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/02/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
XXX TEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/01/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
XXX TEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/25/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EDWARD 
09:02 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
05/29/2017 
B 
P515 
VEHICLE 
EDWARD 
16:17 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
05/29/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
05/20/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KISP 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
05/17/2017 •GA 
0415LM 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KISP LFPB 
18:19 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
05/11/2017 •GA 
0415LM 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
_ 
._ 
. 
. .. 
• 
• • 
- 
- 
_ 
... 
_ 
- 
SDNY GM 00000802 
or utnciai use uniy Law tntorcement sensitive 
EFTA00010065
--- PAGE 5 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
01/04/2019 12:55 EST 
Generated By: 
Page 5 of 7 
Type 
Status 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Document 
Date - Time 
Carrier Carder 
I O 
Site 
Insp 
Ref 
Arr 
Dap 
T .e Number 
Code 
Num. 
Loc 
Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/30/2017 •GA 
N4:5L5: 
: 
A47C 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KISP TIST 
20:16 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/23/2017 *GA 
N9151Æ1 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/16/2017 
B 
P512 
VEHICLE 
CUSTOMS 
EDWARD 
14:43 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/16/2017 *GA 
N415LM 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KPBI TIST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/12/2017 
B 
P512 
VEHICLE 
EDWARD 
07:13 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/12/2017 'GA 
N415LM 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KISP TIST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/08/2017 *GA 
N415LM 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/06/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KISP GÆ4.1% 
20:28 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/30/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/25/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
I 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
11:02 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/25/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/11/2017 
B 
P512 
VEHICLE 
CUSTOMS 
EDWARD 
06:17 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/11/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KBAF TIST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/10/2017 *GA 
N331JE 
I 
A511 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
TIST TFFJ 
EDWARD 
15:09 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/10/2017 *GA 
N331JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TFFJ TIST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/08/2017 *GA 
N331JE 
I 
A511 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
TIST TFFJ 
13:03 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/08/2017 *GA 
N331JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TUPW TIST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/07/2017 *GA 
N331JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TFFJ TIST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/24/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
I 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB LFPB 
08:43 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/17/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/16/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/09/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
I 
A514 
APIS 
MANUAL 
TIST 
EDWARD 
07:35 
ADD 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/09/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KPBI TIST 
00:00 
- 
„. 
. 
. .. 
• 
• • 
- 
. 
- 
. . 
- 
-
SDNY GM 00000803 
or utnciai use enry Law tntorcement sensitive 
EFTA00010066
--- PAGE 6 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
01/04/2019 12:55 EST 
Generated By: 
Pa e e 6 of 7 
Type 
Status 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Document 
Date•Time 
Carrier Carrier 
Site 
Insp 
Ref 
IrLoc 
NM 
Wip 
Type 
Number 
Code 
Num. 
Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/06/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/29/2017 
B 
P512 
VEHICLE 
EDWARD 
12:37 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/29/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/27/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/19/2017 
B 
P512 
VEHICLE 
EDWARD 
06:52 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/19/2017 •GA 
N90JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/18/2017 *GA 
N90JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TEST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/13/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/02/2017 
B 
P515 
VEHICLE 
EDWARD 
12:48 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/02/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TEB XXX 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/29/2016 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/11/2016 
B 
P512 
VEHICLE 
EDWARD 
06:41 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/11/2016 *GA 
N212JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KBED TIST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/02/2016 *GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/23/2016 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
08:49 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/11/2016 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TEB XXX 
09:52 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/28/2016 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
XXX TEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/26/2016 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
AI0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
TEB XXX 
11:22 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/15/2016 *GA 
N212JE 
I 
AI0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
TEB XXX 
11:18 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/09/2016 *GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
XXX TEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/02/2016 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
Al= 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
TEB XXX 
16:55 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/02/2016 •GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TEB XXX 
00:00 
Yowl Numbs of Records:136 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000804 
EFTA00010067
--- PAGE 7 ---
01/04/2019 12:55 EST 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated B : 
Page 7 of 7 
d 
Loc 
Codes 
Value 
lass 
KTEB 
KBCT 
KBCT 
KFXE 
KFXE 
KPBI 
KPBI 
LFPB 
LFPB 
TUPW 
TUPW 
CYYR 
CYYR 
TEB 
TETERBORO 
GM14X 
Q4MX 
TIST 
TIST 
TFFJ 
TFFJ 
KBED 
KBED 
PBI 
WEST PALM BEACH 
KISP 
KISP 
XXX 
UNKNOWN AIRPORT (USED ONLY WHEN THE AIRPORT CODE IS UNKNOWN) 
KBAF 
KBAF 
IP PASSPORT 
Codes 
Value 
P512 
P512 - CBP-ST THOMAS, VI PREFLIGHT 
A514 
A514 - CBP-ST THOMAS, GAF PREDEPART 
AIOD 
AIOD - CBP-TETERBORO, JET AVIATION 
A5I1 
A5I1 - CBP-CYRIL E KING, INTL AIRPORT 
A523 
A523 - CBP-PALM BEACH, INTERNATIONAL 
A512 
A512 - CBP-ST THOMAS, VI PREDEPARTURE 
P515 
P515 - CBP-CYRIL KING GAF, PRE-FLIGHT 
A47E 
A47E - CBP-LONG ISL, MAC ARTHUR APT 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000805 
EFTA00010068


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010069.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010069.pdf
----------------------------------------
04/22/2019 19:25 EDT 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 1 of 6 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Date-Time 
Carder 
Code 
Canter 
Num. 
UO Site 
insp 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
Mr 
Loc 
Dep 
Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
P 
04/19/2019 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
;PIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/14/2019 
13:08 
•GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/02/2019 
18:45 
•GA 
N212JE 
I 
M61 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/19/2019 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
03/15/2019 
17:34 
•GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/14/2019 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
02/19/2019 
16:41 
•GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI HOPP 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/19/2019 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
MDPP TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/08/2019 
16:44 
•GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/08/2019 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
- 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/30/2019 
12:56 
•GA 
N212JE 
I 
MOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/22/2019 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/16/2019 
17:11 
•GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/08/2019 
15:02 
•GA 
N212JE 
I 
A10D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/06/2019 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KBCT 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/14/2018 
08:49 
•GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/14/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/28/2018 
15:27 
•GA 
N212JE 
I 
MOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/28/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/25/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KBCT 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/24/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KBCT 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/11/2018 
08:24 
•GA 
N212JE 
I 
A1OD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000006 
EFTA00010069
--- PAGE 2 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
04/22/2019 19:25 EDT 
Generated By: 
Page 2 of 6 
Type 
Status 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Document 
Date - Time 
Carrier Carnet 
1O Site 
Insp 
Ref 
Arr 
Dep 
Type 
Number 
Code 
Num. 
Loc 
Loc 
CPL:CIN 
JEFFREY 
u2/2o,29sa r 
11/02/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KITE; 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/30/2018 'GA 
N212JE 
I 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EDWARD 
15:36 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/28/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/11/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/10/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/30/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/22/2018 •GA 
N120JE 
I 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EDWARD 
17:52 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/22/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/20/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/13/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
18:11 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/06/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/29/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EDWARD 
17:44 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/25/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/15/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
22:03 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/14/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/06/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EDWARD 
21:13 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/05/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/29/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
13:18 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/21/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/10/2018 'GA 
N212JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
17:48 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/07/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/27/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
11:47 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/20/2018 *GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
- 
- 
- 
. 
. 
. .. 
• 
• • 
- 
- 
- 
. . 
SDNY GM 00000807 
or utnciai use uniy Law tntorcement sensitive 
EFTA00010070
--- PAGE 3 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
04/22/2019 19:25 EDT 
Generated By: 
Page 3 of 6 
Type 
Status 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Document 
Date - Time 
Carrier Carnet 
I O 
Site 
Insp 
Ref 
An 
Dip 
T 
Number 
Code 
Num. 
Loc 
Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/15/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EDWARD 
19:11 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/15/2018 *GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/02/2018 'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KISP TIST 
EDWARD 
21:21 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/02/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
05/27/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KPBI TIST 
EDWARD 
18:07 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
05/22/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KISP LFPB 
15:42 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
05/13/2018 'GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/27/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
I 
A523 
'APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EDWARD 
19:57 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/27/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/20/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
22:03 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/20/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/09/2018 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
A10D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
13:22 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/31/2018 'GA 
N212JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/27/2018 'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A512 
'APIS 
EDWARD 
17:39 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/27/2018 'GA 
N212JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KPBI TIST 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/13/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
I 
Al0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EDWARD 
14:02 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/08/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/03/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
I 
AIO: 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
20:36 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/03/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/21/2018 *GA 
N120JE 
I 
MVP 
'APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
19:53 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/21/2018 'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KFXE 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/07/2018 *GA 
N120JE 
I 
;:i2' 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EDWARD 
19:14 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/07/2018 eGA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
- 
- 
- 
. . . .. 
• 
• 
- 
- 
- 
. 
SDNY GM 00000808 
or utnciai use uniy Law tntorcement sensitive 
EFTA00010071
--- PAGE 4 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
04/22/2019 19:25 EDT 
Generated By: 
Page 4 of 6 
DOB 
Doc 
Type 
Status 
Last Name 
First Name 
Document 
Date - Time 
Carrier Carnet-
I 0 
Site 
Insp 
RM 
r 
Art 
Dep 
Type 
Number 
Code 
Num. 
Loc 
Loc 
EPS:EIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 F 
01/27/2018 •GA 
NI2OJE 
A1OD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB CYYR 
16:39 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/27/2018 eGA 
0120JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB CYYR 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/21/2018 eGA 
0120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/20/2018 eGA 
0120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/16/2018 eGA 
0120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
20:06 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/16/2018 eGA 
0120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/07/2018 eGA 
0120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
20:08 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/07/2018 eGA 
0120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/20/2017 eGA 
0120JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EDWARD 
19:20 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/20/2017 eGA 
0120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/12/2017 eGA 
0120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
16:56 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/08/2017 eGA 
0120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/05/2017 eGA 
0120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/26/2017 eGA 
0120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
EDWARD 
20:19 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/26/2017 eGA 
0120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/07/2017 eGA 
0120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
21:03 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/07/2017 eGA 
0120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/03/2017 eGA 
0120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/20/2017 eGA 
0415LM 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EDWARD 
09:43 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/09/2017 eGA 
0415LN 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
10/05/2017 eGA 
0415LM 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KISP TIST 
21:21 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/13/2017 eGA 
0415LM 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KISP LFPB 
09:07 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/02/2017 eGA 
0415LM 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
00:00 
- 
- 
- 
. . . .. 
• 
• 
- 
- 
- 
. 
SDNY GM 00000809 
or utnciai use uniy Law tntorcement sensitive 
EFTA00010072
--- PAGE 5 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
04/22/2019 19:25 EDT 
Generated By: 
Page 5 of 6 
Type 
Status 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Document 
DMe-TWne 
Carrier Carrier 
PO 
Site 
Insp 
Ref 
Am 
Dap 
'Type 
Number 
Code 
Num. 
I 
Loc Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
OB/29/2017 *GA 
NI2OJE 
Aa:4 
APIS 
EDWARD 
08:33 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/29/2017 •GA 
N120JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TEB 
XXX 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/02/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
I 
A10D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
11:02 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/20/2017 
B 
P515 
VEHICLE 
EDWARD 
08:32 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/20/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
- 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TEB XXX 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/16/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
XXX PHI 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/11/2017 'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A10C 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
08:45 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/02/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
XXX TEB 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
07/01/2017 •GA 
N212JE 
o 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
XXX TEB 
00:00 
ToMINumberolNmwds1W 
Codes 
Value 
CYYR 
CYYR 
TEB 
TETERBORO 
TIST 
TIST 
MDPP 
MDPP 
KTEB 
KTEB 
PBI 
WEST PALM BEACH 
KISP 
KISP 
XXX 
UNKNOWN AIRPORT (USED ONLY WHEN THE AIRPORT CODE IS UNKNOWN) 
KBCT 
KBCT 
KFXE 
KFXE 
LFPB 
LFPB 
KPBI 
KPBI 
Value 
P - PASSPORT 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SD Y GM ULM 
EFTA00010073
--- PAGE 6 ---
04/22/2019 19:25 EDT 
MBITI 
Value 
A461 
A46I - CBP-TETERBORO, AIRPT HANGER 2 
AS14 
ASI4 - CBP-ST THOMAS, GAF PREDEPART 
AIOD 
AIOD - CEP-TETERBORO, JET AVIATION 
AS23 
AS23 - CEP-PALM BEACH, INTERNATIONAL 
ASI2 
ASI2 - CEP-ST THOMAS, VI PREDEPARTURE 
PSIS 
PSIS - CBP-CYRIL KING GAF, PRE-FLIGHT 
A47E 
A47E - CEP-LONG ISL, MAC ARTHUR APT 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated B 
Page 6 of 6 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SD Y GM UUL,,c11 
EFTA00010074


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010075.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010075.pdf
----------------------------------------
01123/202014:45 EST 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 1 of 3 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doe 
Document 
Number 
Date- Time 
Eastern 
Carder 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
I/O Site 
Msp 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
Arr 
Loc 
Dep 
Lot 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
09/19/2000 
21:29 
BA 
115 
: 
4701 
AF IS 
JFK 
LHR 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/23/2000 
00:00 
BA 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/16/2000 
21:01 
zz 
7337A 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
04/01/2000 
08:12 
AF 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK CDG 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/21/2000 
23:35 
505LS 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/18/1999 
16:25 
PV 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/11/1999 
17:09 
PV 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/14/1999 
19:25 
PV 
908JE 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/29/1999 
09:40 
BA 
: 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
11/06/1998 
17:59 
BA 
= 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
10/01/1998 
14:00 
= 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
05/30/1998 
00:00 
AF 
: 
4701 
APIS 
JFK CDG 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/20/1998 
00:00 
BA 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/28/1998 
20:30 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
01/18/1998 
09:31 
BA 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/25/1997 
18:13 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/23/1997 
17:34 
908G 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
12/06/1997 
18:33 
RG 
0000868 I 
A472 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SONY GM_0000D812 
EFTA00010075
--- PAGE 2 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
01/23/2020 14:45 EST 
Generated By: 
Type 
Status 
Page 2 of 3 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Date - Time 
(Eastern) 
Carrier 
Code 
Carnet 
Num. 
I O 
Site 
Insp 
Ref 
Arr 
Loc 
Dep 
Loc 
CPS7C1N 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/19/199 
09:19 
5A 
A472 
AIRS.;::!'.
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
I 
06/19/1997 
00:00
HA 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
I 
05/31/1997 
18:52 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
05/24/1997 
09:20 
I 
A472 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
03/17/1997 
18:37 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/06/1997 
18:03 
HA 
I 
A472 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
01/25/1997 
18:56 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
12/23/1996 
15:21 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
06/17/1996 
17:57 
BA 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
01/14/1996 
17:38 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
12/22/1995 
17:11 
QF 
107 
I 
2720 
APIS 
LAX 
SYD 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
09/10/1995 
09:24 
BA 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
05/14/1995 
14:40 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
12/08/1994 
00:00 
BA 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
08/06/1994 
09:34 
I 
A471 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
07/04/1994 
09:14 
I 
A471 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
05/20/1994 
09:03 
I 
A471 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000813 
EFTA00010076
--- PAGE 3 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
01/23/2020 14:45 EST 
Generated By: 
Page 3 of 3 
Status 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Document 
Date • Time 
Carrier Carnet-
1:O 
Site 
Insp 
Typo 
Ref 
Arr 
Dep 
'Type 
Number 
(Eastern) 
Code 
Num. 
Loc 
Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
P 
64/10/1994 
= 
A321 
AIRLIN 
14:48 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 
04/10/1994 
UA 
822 
I 
APIS 
HNL 
NAT 
00:00 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
03/10/1994 
I 
A471 
AIRLINE 
09:11 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
02/01/1994 
I 
A471 
AIRLINE 
09:05 
(NOT 
API) 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
1/20/1953 
11/08/1992 BA 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
00:00 
TotalNumberefRomds:40 
Codes 
Value 
NRT 
NARITA, TOKYO 
LAX 
LOS ANGELES, CA INTL 
LHR 
LONDON / HEATHROW INTL 
CDG 
PARIS, CH. DE GAULLE 
HNL 
HONOLULU INT .!, 
JFK 
JOHN F KENNEDY INTL 
SYD 
KINGSFORD SMITH-SYDNEY 
!Value 
IP - PASSPORT 
P 
Slte Code 
Braill 
Value 
A472 
A472 - NEW YORK, JFK AIRPORT, TERM 7 
A471 
A471 - NEN YORK, JFK AIRPORT, TERM 4 
2720 
2720 - 2720 
A511 
A511 - CBP-CYRIL E KING, INTL AIRPORT 
A523 
A523 - CBP-PALM BEACH, INTERNATIONAL 
4701 
4701 - 4701 
A321 
A321 - COP liCSOLULU, AIRPORT 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000814 
EFTA00010077


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010078.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010078.pdf
----------------------------------------
01116/202017:46 EST 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 1 of 5 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doe 
I 
• 
Document 
Number 
Date-Time 
Eastern 
Carder 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
VO Site 
insp 
Type 
Status 
Ret 
Au 
Loc 
Dap 
Loc 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
12/18/1999 
16:26 
P\ 
: 
AS11 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/02/1999 
18:00 
BA 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
09/10/1999 
15:15 
AF 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK CDG 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
08/14/1999 
19:26 
PV 
908JE 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
08/01/1999 
12:42 
AA 
412 
: 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/15/1999 
18:10 
BA 
: 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
04/28/1999 
18:54 
BA 
113 
: 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
03/25/1999 
12:23 
AA 
412 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
01/17/1999 
05:17 
SA 
203 
: 
A524 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/13/1998 
09:22 
BA 
= 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
11/07/1998 
12:27 
AA 
412 
= 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
10/03/1998 
12:28 
AA 
412 
: 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
08/30/1998 
13:36 
AA 
672 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
07/24/1998 
13:48 
AA 
1672 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/20/1998 
19:30 
BA 
113 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
06/07/1998 
18:48 
AA 
5567 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
05/30/1998 
20:41 
AF 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK CDG 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000815 
EFTA00010078
--- PAGE 2 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
01/16/2020 17:46 EST 
Generated By: 
Status 
Page 2 of 5 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Typo 
Document 
Number 
DMe.Tirne 
(Eastern) 
Carrier 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
1O Site 
Insp 
Typo 
Ref 
Arr 
Loc 
Dep 
Loc 
RAKKELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/196 
A 
05/17/1998 
14:13 
co 
2) 
= 
A10 
AIRL:N 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/20/1998 
09:15 
BA 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
02/28/1998 
20:29 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
01/19/1998 
17:39 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
12/25/1997 
18:14 
0000001 I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
12/23/1997 
17:36 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
12/06/1997 
18:34 
RG 
0000868 I 
A472 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
11/10/1997 
17:08 
: 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
A 
10/17/1997 
18:15 
vs 
0000001 
A103 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
08/06/1997 
15:07 
I 
A520 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
06/23/1997 
17:41 
I 
A475 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
05/31/1997 
18:52 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
05/27/1997 
16:50 
I 
A520 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/19/1997 
18:07 
BA 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
02/06/1997 
18:03 
BA 
I 
A472 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
01/25/199-
18:56 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
12/18/1996 
16:16 
VS 
S 
I 
5206 
APIS 
MIA 
LGW 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000816 
EFTA00010079
--- PAGE 3 ---
01/16/2020 17:46 EST 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
MAXWELL 
GIISLAINE 
:2/25/1961 
Type 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 : 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 3 of 5 
ml 
Date.Tene 
(Eastern) 
Carrier 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
1rO 
Site 
08/09/1996 
= 
A520 
17:00 
06/17/1996 BA 
I 
4701 
17:57 
02/21/1996 VS 
I 
1.103 
19:30 
12/22/1995 QF 
107 
I 
2720 
00:00 
12/05/1995 BA 
293 
I 
MIA 
00:00 
09/19/1995 
I 
1.476 
15:25 
09/19/1995 AF 
I 
4701 
00:00 
07/08/1995 
- 
A476 
20:20 
12/18/1994 
A472 
22:00 
12/18/1994 
I 
1.472 
21:51 
09/09/1994 DL 
I 
17:40 
07/01/1994 
I 
1.476 
17:10 
05/19/1994 
I 
1.103 
18:36 
05/19/1994 
I 
1.103 
18:36 
05/19/1994 
I 
1.103 
18:31 
02/01/1991 
I 
1.471 
09:05 
11/06/1993 BA 
189 
I 
S401 
00:00 
07/20/1993 AA 
SI 
I 
5501 
16.05 
Insp 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
Arr 
Dep 
Loc 
Loc 
AIRLM1P 
(NOT 
API) 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
AIRLINE 
I NS 
(NOT 
API) 
APIS 
LAX 
SYD 
APIS 
MIA 
LHR 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
APIS 
JFK CDG 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
APIS 
CVG ORY 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
APIS 
IAD 
LHR 
APIS 
DFW 
LG4? 
Docum 
Number 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000817 
EFTA00010080
--- PAGE 4 ---
P 
01116/202017:46 EST 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Date-Time 
(Eastern)
Num.
Carder 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
I/O Slte 
Insp 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
An 
Lee 
Dep 
Loc 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 04/20/1993 
14:02 
A472 AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 09/28/1991 
09:44 0000000 
I A472 AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 08/30/1991 
20:34 0000000 
I A273 AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 06/13/1991 
20:19 0000000 
I A476 AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 05/20/1991 
18:03 0000000 
I A472 AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 12/04/1990 
19:50 0000000 
I A471 AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
ToWINumberolNmwdv58 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 4 of 5 
Codes 
Value 
LAX 
LOS 
ANGELES, 
CA 
INTL 
MIA 
MIAMI 
INTL, 
FL 
DFW 
DALLAS/FT 
WORTH 
INTL 
CVG 
CINCINNATI 
LHR 
LONDON 
/ HEATHROW 
INTL 
CDG 
PARIS, 
CH. 
DE 
GAULLE 
ORY 
PARIS, 
ORLY 
LGN 
LONDON 
/ GATWICK 
INTL 
IAD 
DULLES 
INTL 
JFK 
JOHN 
F KENNEDY 
INTL 
SYD 
KINGSFORD 
SMITH
-SYDNEY 
A 
IA - U.S. 
ALIEN 
REGISTRATION 
CARD 
P - PASSPORT 
I - INSPASS 
DOCUMENT 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000818 
EFTA00010081
--- PAGE 5 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
01116/202017:46 EST 
Codes 
Velum 
MIA 
MIA - MIA 
A524 
AS24 - CBP-MIAMI, AIRPORT CNTRL TERML 
A511 
AS11 - CBP-CYRIL E KING, INTL AIRPORT 
A523 
AS23 - CBP-PALM BEACH, INTERNATIONAL 
A520 
AS20 - CBP-MIAMI, AIRPORT N TERMINAL 
A476 
A476 - NEN YORK, JFK AIRPORT, TERM 4W 
A103 
A103 - CBP-NEWARK, INTL AIR TERM B 
A475 
A475 - NEW YORK, JFK AIRPORT, TERM 3 
A472 
A472 - NEW YORK JFK AIRPORT TERM 7 
A471 
A471 - NEW YORK, JFK AIRPORT TERM 4 
A273 
A273 - LOS ANGELES, BRADLEY AP LAX 
2720 
2720 - 2720 
5401 
5401 - 5401 
5501 
5501 - 5501 
5206 
5206 - 5206 
4701 
4701 - 4701 
Generated B 
Page 5 of 5 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SLYNY GM ULM-619 
EFTA00010082


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010083.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010083.pdf
----------------------------------------
09/23/2019 14:20 EDT 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page I of 14 
Last Name 
Firat Name 
DOB 
Doe 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Date-Tine 
Carder 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
I/O Site 
loop 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
Am 
Loc 
Dep 
Loc 
tIAXWEI.L 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 F 
06/11/2019 
21:42 
1, 
I 
A041 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, BOS 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
BOS LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
MARION 
12/25/1961 P 
06/02/2019 
00:00 
212 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR BOS 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/27/2018 
17:08 
I 
A041 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, BOS 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
BOS NRT 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/17/2018 
00:00 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
NRT BOS 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
MARION 
12/25/1961 P 
08/29/2018 
00:00 
743 
' 
APIS 
NOT ON 
BOARD 
BOS DOH 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/15/2018 
12:05 
. 
A041 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, BOS 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
BOS LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/01/2018 
00:00 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR BOS 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
05/30/2018 
13:20 
213 
I 
A041 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, BOS 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
BOS LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
MARION 
12/25/1961 P 
05/21/2018 
00:00 
744 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
DOH BOS 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/28/2017 
11:46 
. 
A041 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, BOS 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
BOS LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/21/2017 
00:00 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR BOS 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
09/09/2017 
12:32 
I 
A041 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, BOS 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
BOS LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE MAR 
12/25/1961 P 
08/22/2017 
00:00 
Name No 
Name No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR BOS 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/08/2017 
21:32 
I 
A041 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, BOS 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
BOS LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/02/2017 
00:00 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR BOS 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GhL00000820 
EFTA00010083
--- PAGE 2 ---
09/23/201914:20 EDT 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Type 
Document 
Number 
OMe - Time 
Carrier 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
1O Site 
Map 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
El
l
NN W
Lop 
rep 
Loc 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/20/2016 
13:42 
213 
I 
A041 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, BOS 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
BOS LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/13/2016 
00:00 
212 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR BOS 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/18/2016 
25:57 
I 
A041 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, BOS 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
BOS LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/25/2016 
00:00 
Name No 
Name No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR BOS 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/27/2015 
15:30 
:. 82 
VEHICLE 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/28/2015 
13:26 
A041 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, BOS 
APIS 
OH BOARD 
BOS LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/18/2015 
00:00 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR 
JFK 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/02/2015 
29:07 
I 
A471 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, JFK 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/15/2015 
00:00 
474 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
VCE 
JFK 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/29/2015 
11:15 
4363 
I 
A741 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, NAS 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
MIA 
NAS 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/27/2015 
00:00 
4270 
Name No 
Name No 
APIS 
NOT ON 
BOARD 
NAS NIA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/19/2014 
04:57 
1048 
I 
A471 
, 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
JFK 
LTN 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/19/2014 
00:00 
193 
- 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
NOT ON 
BOARD 
DFN 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/15/2014 
00:00 
214 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR BOS 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/09/2014 
17:35 
7462 
I 
A792 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, YUL 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LGA YUL 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/07/2014 
00:00 
5089 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
YUL 
LGA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/02/2014 
18:22 
615 
I 
A472 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
JFK KEF 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/29/2014 
00:00 
630 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
KEF BOS 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 2 of 14 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_ONL00ODIMQ1 
EFTA00010084
--- PAGE 3 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
09/23/2019 14:20 EDT 
Generated By: 
Type 
Status 
Page 3 of 14 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Date • Time 
Carrier 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
I O 
Site 
Insp 
Ref 
Arr 
Loc 
Dep 
Loc 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
:2/25/1961 P 
09/01/2011 
20:22 
215 
: 
A041 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, BOS 
APIS 
ON 30ARE 
ROE 
L6R 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE MAR 
12/25/1961 P 
07/30/2014 
00:00 
292 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR IAD 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/04/2014 
16:37 
I 
A471 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, JFK 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/27/2013 
00:00 
I 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
NOT ON 
BOARD 
MIA 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/27/2013 
00:00 
1487 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
NOT ON 
BOARD 
SXM 
JFK 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/26/2013 
00:00 
175 
I 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
NOT ON 
BOARD 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/09/2013 
00:00 
208 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR MIA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/09/2013 
16:00 
I 
A471 APC 
AUTOMATED 
PASSPORT 
CONTROL, JFK 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/30/2013 
00:00 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
REQUEST 
LHR 
JFK 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/29/2013 
00:00 
Name No 
Name No 
APIS 
NOT ON 
BOARD 
LHR IAD 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/14/2013 
19:30 
617 
I 
A472 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
JFK KEF 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/09/2013 
00:00 
614 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
KEF 
JFK 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
09/02/2013 
12:16 
A471 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/18/2013 
00:00 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR 
JFK 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/22/2013 
12.33 
7732 
A795 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LGA YON 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/21/2013 
00:00 
7733 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
YON 
LGA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/19/2013 
12:36 
A17I 
APIS 
NOT ON 
BOARD 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/19/2013 
00:00 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/03/2013 
00:00 
Name No 
Name No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR 
JFK 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
i 
06/01/2013 
00:00 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
NOT ON 
BOARD 
LHR 
JFK 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000822 
EFTA00010085
--- PAGE 4 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
09/23/2019 14:20 EDT 
Generated By: 
Page 4 of 14 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Document 
Date • Time 
Carrier Carrier 
I 0 
Site 
Inep 
' Type 
Status 
Ref 
r 
An 
Dap 
Type 
Number 
Code 
Num. 
Loc 
Lot 
RWAELL 
GHISLAINE 
:2/25/1961 P 
04/05/2013 
183 
. 
A472 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
NOELLE 
22.51 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/22/2013 
Name No 
APIS 
LHR IAD 
NOELLE 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/14/2013 
177 
I 
Name No 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
NOELLE MAR 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
02/08/2013 
687 
Name No 
APIS 
SXM NIA 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/07/2013 
9103 
I 
A151 
APIS 
ILM SXM 
14:52 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/02/2013 
2144 
I 
A52B Name No 
APIS 
MIA SXM 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/22/2012 
177 
I 
AB52 Name No 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
NOELLE MAR 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/16/2012 
845 
Name No 
APIS 
HKG 
JFK 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/15/2012 
841 
Name No 
APIS 
HKG 
JFK 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/14/2012 
Name No 
APIS 
LHR 
JFK 
NOELLE 
00:00 
Name No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/03/2012 
1031 
I 
A27G 
APIS 
LAX 
LIN 
NOELLE 
03:52 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/03/2012 
1031 
I 
A27F Name No 
APIS 
LAX 
LIN 
NOELLE 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/03/2012 
I 
A853 Name No 
APIS 
EMIR 
LHR 
NOELLE 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/02/2012 
1031 
I 
A27F Name No 
APIS 
LAX 
LTN 
NOELLE 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
09/28/2012 
Name No 
APIS 
LHR DEW 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
09/28/2012 
738 
Name No 
APIS 
YYZ SFO 
NOELLE 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
09/03/2012 
I 
A852 Name No 
APIS 
JFK 
NCE 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/30/2012 
MFALC 
I 
APIS 
BGR XXX 
13:22 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/30/2012 
MFALC 
I 
Name No 
APIS 
TEB XXX 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/15/2012 
8057 
Name No 
APIS 
GIG MIA 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
05/29/2012 
I 
A471 IIIIII 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
16:35 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
05/21/2012 
172 
Name No 
APIS 
LHR 
JFK 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
04/12/2012 
Name No 
APIS 
CDG 
JFK 
00:00 
Name, No 
SDNY GM 00000823 
or utnciai use uniy Law tntorcement Sensitive 
EFTA00010086
--- PAGE 5 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
09/23/2019 14:20 EDT 
DOB 
Doc 
Type 
Generated By: 
Type 
Status 
Page 5 01 14 
Last Name 
First Name 
Document 
Delia -Time 
Number 
Carrier 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
IO 
Site 
Insp 
Ref 
MT 
We 
Dip 
Lop 
It.1AXACLL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
04/05/2012 
00:00 
651 
Name N.. 
Name, No 
APIS 
BGI MIA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/05/2012 
18:26 
5239 
I 
A461 MN 
APIS 
TEB DAV 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/05/2012 
00:00 
2192 
I 
ABET Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
MIA PTY 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/28/2011 
00:00 
687 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
SXM MIA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/21/2011 
18:06 
219 
I 
A337 
APIS 
DEN 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/09/2011 
00:00 
286 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
LHR SFO 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/29/2011 
00:00 
268 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
TLV 
JFK 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/28/2011 
18:55 
1078 
I 
A524 IIMI 
APIS 
MIA BGI 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/27/2011 
00:00 
182 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
LHR 
JFK 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
05/08/2011 
00:00 
N2767 
I 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
BGR XXX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
05/07/2011 
00:00 
N2767 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
BGR XXX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
04/29/2011 
00:00 
N2767 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
XXX 
NUQ 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
04/26/2011 
19:04 
1078 
I 
A524 = 
APIS 
MIA BGI 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
04/20/2011 
00:00 
871 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
BGI 
JFK 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/28/2011 
13:10 
I 
A471 MN 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
02/14/2011 
16:14 
I 
A471 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
02/14/2011 
00:00 
I 
AB52 Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
02/09/2011 
00:00 
Name No 
Name, No 
APIS 
LHR 
JFK 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/06/2010 
21:29 
179 
I 
A472 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/29/2010 
00:00 
262 
Name No 
Name No 
APIS 
AMM 
JFK 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/01/2010 
15:43 
N923CL 
APIS 
TEB XXX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/01/2010 
14:09 
923CL 
: 
A1OD 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
TEB 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000824 
EFTA00010087
--- PAGE 6 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
09/23/2019 14:20 EDT 
Generated By: 
Pa e e 6 of 14 
Type 
Status 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Document 
Date • Time 
Carrier Carnet-
I O 
Site 
Insp 
Ref 
El 
I 
I 
Type Number 
Code Num. 
t•AWAELL 
GIISLAINE 
:2/25/1961 P 
10/01/2010 
N923CL 
= 
Name No 
APIS 
TEB XXX 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
09/28/2010 
N923CL 
o 
Name No 
APIS 
XXX TEE 
00:00 
Name, No 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/29/2010 
183 
I 
A472 
APIS 
JFK 
MIR 
NOELLE 
20:11 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/29/2010 
115 
I 
AB52 Name No Name APIS 
JFK 
MIR 
NOELLE 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/01/2010 
N17ND 
Name No Name APIS 
XXX TEB 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/26/2010 
N17ND 
I 
APIS 
APA XXX 
01:29 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/12/2010 
N17ND 
Name No Name APIS 
XXX TEE 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/11/2010 
N17ND 
o 
Name No Name APIS 
XXX TEE 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/10/2010 
N17ND 
I 
Name No Name APIS 
FRG XXX 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/21/2010 
N17ND 
Name No Name APIS 
XXX TEE 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/12/2010 
N17ND 
= 
APIS 
IAD 
XXX 
11:54 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/11/2010 
N17ND 
Name No Name APIS 
XXX 
IAD 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
04/16/2010 
N17ND 
I 
A276 MOM 
AIRLINE 
PSP 
22:06 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
04/16/2010 
N17ND 
I 
Name No Name APIS 
PSP XXX 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
04/05/2010 
N17ND 
r 
Name No Name APIS 
XXX 
SAN 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/21/2010 
N17ND 
= 
APIS 
SAN 
XXX 
18:46 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/20/2010 
N17ND 
Name No Name APIS 
SAN 
XXX 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/16/2010 
N17ND 
Name No Name APIS 
XXX OPF 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/03/2010 
N17ND 
= 
APIS 
TEB XXX 
17.24 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/03/2010 
17ND 
I 
AlOD 
AIRLINE 
TEB 
17:13 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/03/2010 
N17ND 
= 
Name No Name APIS 
NPN 
XXX 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GRISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/01/2010 
N17ND 
Name No Name APIS 
XXX 
SAN 
00:00 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GPL00000825 
EFTA00010088
--- PAGE 7 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
09/23/2019 14:20 EDT 
Generated By: 
Type 
Status 
Page 7 of 14 
LastName 
First Name 
DOS 
Doc 
Type 
Document 
Number 
DMe-Time 
Carrier 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
IC) Site 
MSp 
Ref 
An 
We 
Dap 
We 
RAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
C1/22/2010 
23:48 
N17ND 
I 
::1I5 
TEB XXX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/22/2010 
23:43 
N17ND 
I 
AlOD 
.AIRLINES 
(NOT 
API) 
TEB 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/22/2010 
00:00 
N17ND 
I 
Name No Name 
APIS 
HPN 
XXX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/19/2010 
00:00 
N17ND 
Name No Name 
APIS 
XXX KSA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/07/2010 
21:23 
N17ND 
= 
APIS 
HPN 
XXX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/06/2010 
00:00 
N17ND 
Name No Name 
APIS 
HPN 
XXX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/27/2009 
00:00 
N17ND 
Name No Name 
APIS 
XXX KSA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/14/2009 
17:20 
N17ND 
I 
APIS 
SAN 
XXX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/08/2009 
00:00 
N17ND 
Name No Name APIS 
XXX PAN 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/31/2009 
10:12 
N17ND 
- 
il= 
APIS 
HPN 
XXX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/30/2009 
00:00 
N17ND 
Name No Name 
APIS 
HPN 
XXX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/28/2009 
00:00 
N17ND 
Name No Name 
APIS 
XXX KIA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/13/2009 
00:00 
N17ND 
= 
Name No Name 
APIS 
SAN 
XXX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/30/2009 
00:00 
N17ND 
I 
Name No Name 
APIS 
SAN 
XXX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/19/2009 
00:00 
N17ND 
Name No Name 
APIS 
XXX KSA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/18/2009 
22:07 
269 
I 
A273 
APIS 
LAX 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/11/2009 
00:00 
278 
Name No Name 
APIS 
LHR 
LAX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/08/2009 
00:00 
N17ND 
Name No Name 
APIS 
XXX KOM 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
107/05/2009 
00:00 
N17ND 
Name No Name 
APIS 
XXX KDS 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
106/28/2009 
00:00 
N17ND 
I 
Name No Name 
APIS 
SAN 
XXX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
106/15/2009 
00:00 
N17ND 
Name No Name 
APIS 
XXX KSA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
05/03/2009 
12:37 
N17ND 
I 
A262 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
TUS 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000826 
EFTA00010089
--- PAGE 8 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
09/23/2019 14:20 EDT 
Generated By: 
Type 
Status 
Page 8 of 14 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Type 
Document 
DMe-Time 
Number 
Carrier 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
1O Site 
Insp 
Ref 
I 
Am 
Loc 
Di, 
Loc 
I.V.X6ELL 
GHISLAINCNOC 
LLE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/12/2008 
19:02 
APIS 
JFK CDG 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE MAR 
12/25/1961 P 
I 
06/06/2008 
00:00 
112 
APIS 
LHR 
JFK 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 000 
I 
06/02/2008 
21:35 
= 
A1OD 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
TED 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
I 
04/30/2008 
10:26 
428i2T 
;IUD 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
I 
01/24/2008 
18:31 
428W7 
= 
MOD 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API)
TL5 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
I 
11/17/2007 
09:53 
614RD 
I 
7.523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API)
PBI 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
I 
08/22/2007 
00:00 
208 
APIS 
LHR MIA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
I 
04/21/2007 
13:23 
I 
A471 
APIS 
JFK 5TH 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
I 
01/01/2007 
16:41 
UNKN 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
I 
12/23/2006 
10:19 
N908 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API)
STT 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 C 
I 
09/26/2006 
14:21 
I 
A528 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API)
MIA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
I 
06/28/2006 
22:51 
I 
A52B 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API)
MIA 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
I 
05/28/2006 
16:39 
279 
I 
A273 
APIS 
LAX 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
I 
01/02/2006 
11:57 
40119J 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API)
STT 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
I 
12/22/2005 
14:22 
491GM 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API)
STT 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE MAR 
12/25/1961 P 
I 
11/20/2005 
00:00 
268 
APIS 
LHR 
LAX 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/17/2005 
09:18 
312P 
I 
A311 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
ANC 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
NOELLE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/04/2005 
00.00 
182 
APIS 
LHR 
JFK 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000827 
EFTA00010090
--- PAGE 9 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
09/23/2019 14:20 EDT 
Generated By: 
Status 
Pa e e 9 01 14 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Type 
Document 
Date • Time 
Number 
Carrier 
Code 
Carnet 
Num. 
I O 
Site 
Insp 
Type 
Ref 
Mr 
We 
Dip 
Loc 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
:2/25/1961 p 
06/29/2005 
401WJ 
A523 
AIRLINE 
PBI 
11:56 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/04/2005 
I 
A492 
AIRLINE 
SJU 
16:51 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
05/29/2005 
909JE 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
PBI 
18:17 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
02/19/2005 
909JE 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
PBI 
20:13 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
02/12/2005 
I 
A52B 
AIRLINE 
20:48 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/02/2005 
.101123 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
PBI 
13:19 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/25/2004 
908JE 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
PBI 
17:42 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/18/2004 
I 
A471 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
22:03 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/11/2004 
APIS 
LHR 
JFK 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/04/2004 
174 
APIS 
LHR 
JFK 
NOELLE MAR 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
05/12/2004 
I 
A477 
AIRLINE 
JFK CDG 
21:10 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
02/07/2004 
207 
I 
A520 
APIS 
MIA 
LHR 
14:43 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/02/2004 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
PBI 
18:03 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/24/2003 
9093E 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
PBI 
17:52 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
11/02/2003 
APIS 
CDG 
JFK 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/08/2003 
_15 
I 
A472 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
19:09 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
09/30/2003 
APIS 
LHR 
JFK 
00:00 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/14/2003 
9093E 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PBI 
20:29 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
05/29/2003 
I 
A472 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
17:43 
- 
- 
. 
. 
. .. 
. 
. 
- 
. 
- 
. 
SDNY GM 00000828 
- 
or utnciai use uniy Law tntorcement sensitive 
EFTA00010091
--- PAGE 10 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
09/23/201914:20 EDT 
Doc 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Generated By: 
Type 
Status 
Page 0 01 14 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
DMe-T1rne 
Carrier 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
1O Site 
Insp 
RM 
Arr 
Loc 
Dep 
Loc 
I.11.0CAE:.1. 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
04/11/2003 
00:45 
A523 
APIS 
?DI 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
04/01/2003 
14:38 
491GM 
I 
A511 
APIS 
STT 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
03/23/2003 
21:43 
909JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PBI 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
02/21/2003 
09:33 
I 
A471 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
01/02/2003 
00:00 
615A 
T 
A491 
APIS 
STT EIS 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
12/31/2002 
00:00 
222 
T 
M91 
APIS 
SBH STT 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P. 
08/30/2002 
12:50 
672 
I 
A512 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/04/2002 
19:00 
283 
I 
2720 
APIS 
LAX 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
04/18/2002 
17:57 
908JE 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
03/18/2002 
09:45 
I 
AS11 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
01/13/2002 
20:59 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
12/23/2001 
16:21 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
10/01/2001 
18:20 
209 
I 
5206 
APIS 
MIA 
LHR 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
08/01/2001 
18:31 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK CDG 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
07/01/2001 
15:04 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 
06/29/2001 
00:36 
909 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
02/21/2001 
14:02 
672 
I 
A511 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
09/05/2000 
18:15 
115 
I 
A472 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
07/17/2000 
17:59 
115 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LHR 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000829 
EFTA00010092
--- PAGE 11 ---
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
09/23/201914:20 EDT 
Generated By: 
Insp 
Type 
Status 
Page 1 of 14 
Carder 
Num. 
Site 
LestName 
Firettinne 
DOB 
Doe 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Date -Time 
Carrier 
Code 
Ref 
Arr 
Loc 
Dep 
Loc 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 P 
06/23/2000 
_ 
I 
470 
'PIS 
JFK 
LKR 
09:22 
MAXWE:L 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
04/16/2000 
7337A 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
20:59 
(NOT 
PI) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
:2/25/1961 P 
03/09/2000 
175 
I 
4701 
IS 
JFK 
LHR 
13:28 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
:2/25/1961 A 
02/05/2000 
20700 
I 
A511 
IPLIN6 
15:34 
(NOT 
PI) 
MAXWELL 
GHISLAINE 
12/25/1961 A 
01/21/2000 
505LS 
I 
A523 
IRLINE 
23:35 
(NOT 
PI) 
TMAIHumberollimmni:Ke 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SD Y GM LIULC'ji±31.; 
EFTA00010093
--- PAGE 12 ---
09/23/201914:20 EDT 
Codes 
Value 
YOW 
OTTAWA 
NAS 
NASSAU INTL 
LAX 
LOS ANGELES, CA INTL 
OPF 
OPA LOCKA 
CDG 
PARIS, CH. DE GAULLE 
SXM 
ST MAARTEN, PRINCE JULIANA 
ILM 
NEW HANOVER COUNTY 
STN 
LONDON, STANSTED 
JFK 
JOHN F KENNEDY INTL 
NRT 
NARITA, TOKYO 
STT 
C.E. KING 
DFW 
DALLAS/FT WORTH INTL 
PBI 
WEST PALM BEACH 
KDS 
KDS 
DOH 
DOHAIFINTERNATIONAL QATAR 
ANN 
QUEEN ALIA INTL 
KIA 
KIA 
MIA 
MIAMI INTL, FL 
GIG 
RIO DE JANEIRO 
HKG 
HONG KONG 
BGI 
BARBADOS, GRANTLEY ADAMS INTL 
BOS 
BOSTON / LOGAN INTL 
LGA 
LA GUARDIA 
BGR 
BANGOR 
PSP 
PALM SPRINGS 
KEF 
REYKJAVIK / KEFLAVIK INTL 
IAD 
DULLES INTL 
EIS 
BEEF ISLAND, VIRGIN ISLAND (BRITISH) 
YUL 
DORVAL, MONTREAL 
NCE 
COTE D'AZUR 
ANC 
ANCHORAGE 
VCE 
MARCO POLO 
YYZ 
TORONTO, PEARSON INTERNATIONAL 
SAN 
LINDBERG FLD S.DIEGO 
LTN 
LUTON INTERNATIONAL 
HPN 
WESTCHESTER 
PTY 
PANAMA, OMAR TORRIJOS H 
LHR 
LONDON / HEATHROW INTL 
KSA 
KOSRAE, CAROLINE IS.IAAPT,P. OCEAN 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated B 
Page 12 Of 14 
N _ 
_ I 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
EFTA00010094
--- PAGE 13 ---
09/23/201914:20 EDT 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 13 of 14 
BIBITI 
Value 
SBH 
ST. BARTHELEMYOARPT,GUADELOUPE 
XXX 
UNKNOWN AIRPORT (USED ONLY WHEN THE AIRPORT CODE IS UNKNOWN) 
SFO 
SAN FRANCISCO INTL AIRPORT 
TLV 
BEN GURION INTL 
SJU 
SAN JUAN, LUIS MUNOZ MARIN INTL 
EWR 
NEWARK INTERNATIONAL 
MOM 
MOM 
NUO 
MOFFETT FIELD 
DEN 
DENVER INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 
TEB 
TETERBORO 
APA 
ARAPAHOE CO 
TUS 
TUCSON 
DAV 
ENRIQUE MALEK 
FRG 
REPUBLIC FIELD 
PAN 
PAN 
Codes 
Value 
P 
P - PASSPORT 
000 
000 
A 
A - U.S. ALIEN REGISTRATION CARD 
C 
C - PERMANENT RESIDENT CARD 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000832 
EFTA00010095
--- PAGE 14 ---
09/23/201914:20 EDT 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 14 of 14 
' 
Value 
L382 
L382 - CBP-DETROIT, WINDSOR TUNNEL 
ABSJ 
ABSJ - INS-NEWARK ASYLUM •HIST• 
A524 
A524 - CBP-MIAMI, AIRPORT CNTRL TERML 
A523 
A523 - CBP-PALM BEACH, INTERNATIONAL 
A520 
A520 - CBP-MIAMI, AIRPORT N TERMINAL 
A741 
A741 - CBP-NASSAU, BAHAMAS PRECLEAR 
A461 
A461 - CBP-TETERBORO, AIRPT HANGER 2 
A041 
A041 - CBP-BOSTON, LOGAN AIRPORT 
A262 
A262 - CBP-TUCSON, IAP ARRIVALS 
2720 
2720 - 2720 
4701 
4701 - 4701 
A27F 
A27F - CBP-LOS ANGELES, ATLANTIC AVN 
A27G 
A27G - CBP-LOS ANGELES, LANDMARK GAF 
AB52 
AB52 - INS-JFK AIRPORT 
A337 
A337 - CBP-DENVER, INTL AIRPORT 
A511 
A511 - CBP-CYRIL E KING, INTL AIRPORT 
A512 
A512 - CBP-ST THOMAS, VI PREDEPARTURE 
A795 
A795 - OTTAWA, MCDONALD-CARTIER INTL 
A311 
A311 - CBP-ANCHORAGE, INTL AIRPORT 
A477 
A477 - NEN YORK, JFK AIRPORT, TERM 1 
A276 
A276 - CBP-PALM SPRINGS, REGIONAL APT 
A472 
A472 - NEN YORK, JFK AIRPORT, TERM 7 
A792 
A792 - MONTREAL CD, DORVAL, PRECLEAR 
ABET 
ABET - INS-MIAMI OGC •HIST• 
A151 
A151 - CBP-WILMINGTON, INT'L AIRPORT 
A492 
A492 - CBP-SAN JUAN, MUNOZ MARIN ZAP 
A471 
A471 - NEW YORK, JFK AIRPORT, TERM 4 
A273 
A273 - LOS ANGELES, BRADLEY AP LAX 
A491 
A491 - SAN JUAN, PASSENGER BRANCH 
AS2B 
AS2B - MIAMI, AIRPORT, GEN AVIATION 
AIOD 
AIOD - CBP-TETERBORO, JET AVIATION 
5206 
5206 - 5206 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_00000833 
EFTA00010096


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010097.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010097.pdf
----------------------------------------
04/062021 11:28 EDT 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 1 of 3 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Document 
Type 
Number 
Date -Time 
(Eastern) 
Carder 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
I/O SHe 
Intp 
Type 
DMus 
Ref 
Air 
Loc 
Dap 
Loc 
P 
08/16/2019 
22:01 
VS 
I 
A272 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LAX 
LIIR 
P 
08/01/2019 
00:00 
VS 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LIIR 
LAX 
P 
05/26/2019 
22:16 
DL 
574 
I 
A272 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LAX 
HEX 
c 
05/23/2019 
00:00 
DL 
573 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
HEX 
LAX 
P 
09/21/2017 
21:53 
VS 
I 
A272 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LAX 
LIIR 
P 
09/04/2017 
00:00 
VS 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LIIR 
LAX 
P 
08/13/2017 
19:39 
AC 
556 
I 
A338 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LAX 
YVR 
08/11/2017 
00:00 
AC 
557 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
YVR 
LAX 
P 
07/06/2016 
22:32 
HE 
I 
A273 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LAX 
LHR 
P 
07/06/2016 
00:00 
HZ 
I 
APIS 
NOT ON 
BOARD 
LAX 
LHR 
P 
06/26/2016 
00:00 
HZ 
I 
APIS 
NOT ON 
BOARD 
LAX 
LHR 
P 
06/05/2016 
00:00 
HE 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LIIR 
LAX 
09/17/2015 
23:29 
HE 
I 
A273 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LAX 
LHR 
P 
08/27/2015 
00:00 
HE 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LIIR 
LAX 
P 
11/30/2014 
21:47 
PR 
102 
I 
A273 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LAX 
NNL 
P 
11/21/2014 
00:00 
PR 
103 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
MNL 
LAX 
09/19/2014 
22:52 
VS 
I 
A272 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LAX 
LHR 
P 
09/06/2011 
23:20 
VS 
I 
A272 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LAX 
LHR 
P 
10/04/2010 
22:57 
BA 
269 
I 
A273 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LAX 
LHR 
P 
09/21/2010 
00:00 
BA 
282 
APIS 
LHR 
LAX 
09/21/2010 
00:00 
BA 
282 
APIS 
LHR 
LAX 
P 
09/27/2009 
18:06 
VS 
I 
A272 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LAX 
LHR 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_02753139 
EFTA00010097
--- PAGE 2 ---
04/06/2021 11:28 EDT 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doe 
Document 
Type 
Number 
Date -Time 
(Eastern) 
Carder 
Code 
Carder 
Num. 
I/O Site 
hap 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
Arr 
Lae 
Dap 
Lac 
P 
05/17/2009 
OW 
4954 
I 
A741 
AIRLINE 
MIA 
NAS 
12:00 
(NOT 
API/ 
P 
10/19/2007 
MY 
310 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
STN 
LAX 
00:00 
V 
09/19/2007 VS 
I 
A272 
AIRLINE 
LAX 
LHR 
18:01 
(NOT 
API/ 
P 
07/02/2006 VS 
I 
A272 
AIRLINE 
LAX 
LHR 
21:42 
(NOT 
API/ 
P 
04/03/2006 VS 
I 
A272 
AIRLINE 
LAX 
LHR 
18:57 
(NOT 
API 
P 
12/06/2005 
UA 
956 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LIIR 
JFK 
00:00 
P 
11/27/2005 
UA 
905 
I 
A472 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
JFK 
LHR 
15:50 
P 
02/29/2004 
VS 
I 
A272 
AIRLINE 
LAX 
LIIR 
21:33 
(NOT 
API/ 
T0101 Number 01 Records: 30 
=L 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 2 of 3 
t - -. 
Codes 
Value 
MEXICO CITY, JUAREZ INTERNATIONAL 
NAS 
NASSAU INTL 
LAX 
LOS ANGELES, CA INTL 
YVR 
VANCOUVER INTL 
MIA 
MIAMI INTL, FL 
LIIR 
LONDON / HEATHROW INTL 
MIL 
MANILA 
STN 
LONDON, STANSTED 
JFK 
JOHN F KENNEDY INTL 
Doc Type 
Codes 
'Value
P - PASSPORT 
P 
V 
V - VISA 
'Or 
Site Code 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
SDNY_GM_02753140 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA00010098
--- PAGE 3 ---
04/06/2021 11:28 EDT 
Codes 
Value 
A472 
A472 - NEW YORK, JFK AIRPORT, TERN 7 
A272 
A272 - CBP-LOS ANGELES, LAX TERN 2 
A273 
A273 - LOS ANGELES, BRADLEY AP LAX 
A338 
A338 - CBP-VANCOUVER, INTL APT PRE-CL 
A741 
A741 - CBP-NASSAU, BAHAMAS PRECLEAR 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 3 ot 3 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_02753141 
EFTA00010099


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010100.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010100.pdf
----------------------------------------
04/06/2021 11:30 EDT 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 1 of 2 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Dote -Two 
(Eastern) 
Corder 
Code 
Carder 
Num. 
I/O Site 
Inap 
Type 
Status 
dal 
An 
LOC 
Cop 
LOO 
P 
06/05/2016 K2 
Name No 
APIS 
NOT ON 
LAIR 
LAX 
00:00 
Name, No 
BOARD 
P 
09/16/2014 VS 
I 
Name No 
APIS 
NOT ON 
LAX 
LHR 
00:00 
Name, No 
BOARD 
P 
09/12/2014 VS 
I 
Name No 
APIS 
NOT ON 
LAX 
LHR 
00:00 
Name, No 
BOARD 
P 
09/11/2014 VS 
I 
Name No 
APIS 
NOT ON 
LAX 
LHR 
00:00 
Name, No 
BOARD 
P 
08/25/2014 VS 
Name No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LAIR 
LAX 
00:00 
Name, No 
P 
07/14/2012 BA 
282 
Name No 
APIS 
NOT ON 
LIIR LAX 
00:00 
Name, No 
BOARD 
P 
08/26/2011 VS 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LHR LAX 
00:00 
P 
04/12/2011 VS 
I 
A272 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LAX 
LHR 
23:14 
P 
04/06/2011 VS 
Name No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LIIR 
LAX 
00:00 
Name, No 
P 
09/16/2009 VS 
Name No 
APIS 
ON BOARD 
LIIR 
LAX 
00:00 
Name, No 
P 
06/15/2009 BA 
279 
I 
A273 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LAX 
LHR 
16:39 
P 
05/31/2009 BA 
176 
Name No 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LIIR 
JFK 
00:00 
Name, No 
P 
10/24/2007 VS 
I 
A272 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LAX 
LHR 
21:42 
P 
09/06/2007 VS 
Name No 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LIIR 
LAX 
00:00 
Name, No 
P 
10/14/2006 VS 
I 
A272 
APIS 
LAX 
LHR 
21:40 
P 
01/16/2006 
UNKN 
I 
A461 
AIRLINE 
13:27 
(NOT 
API! 
P 
04/14/2005 UA 
934 
Name No 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LAIR 
LAX 
00:00 
Name, No 
P 
03/05/2005 UA 
935 
I 
A278 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LAX 
LHR 
18:03 
P 
07/24/2000 BA 
179 
I 
4701 
APIS 
JFK 
LIIR 
21:16 
04/17/1999 AA 
173 
I 
APIS 
RDU 
LGW 
18:46 
11/10/1997 00 
I 
A523 
AIRLINE 
17:11 
(NOT 
API/ 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_02753142 
EFTA00010100
--- PAGE 2 ---
04/06/2021 11:30 EDT 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doe 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Date - Time 
(Eastern) 
Carrier 
Code 
Center 
Num. 
I/O Stte 
tnap 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
AN 
Lot 
Dep 
Lot 
P 
11/01/1997 
18:46 
VS 
0000003 
A476 
AIRLINE 
(NOT 
API I 
Tool Number of Records:22 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 2 of 2 
Codes 
Value 
LOS ANGELES, CA IHTL 
RALEIGH - DURHAM INTL AIRPORT 
L) 
LONDON / HEATHROW INTL 
LONDON 
GATWICK INTL 
JOHN F KENNEDY INTL 
MW-
todes 
Webs
P - PASSPORT 
VeiUll U 
A461 
A461 - CBP -TETERBORO, AIRPT HANGER 2 
A272 
A272 - CBP -LOS ANGELES, LAX TERM 2 
A273 
A273 - LOS ANGELES, BRADLEY AP LAX 
A523 
A523 - CBP -PALM BEACH, INTERNATIONAL 
A276 
A278 - CBP -LOS ANGELES, LAX TERM 7 
4701 
4701 - 4701 
A476 
A476 - NEW YORK, JFK AIRPORT, TERM 4W 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_02753143 
EFTA00010101


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010102.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010102.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To 
Cc 
Subject: RE: Redaction 
Date: Thu, 18 Nov 2021 20:55:50 +0000 
Attachments: 12021.10.27_Maxwell_Reply_ISO_Motns_In_Liminejcorrected_redactions].pdf 
Chambers, 
Attached please find a corrected version of Dkt. No. 453. The Government has added one redaction, covering the name 
on page 11. 
ubmitted, 
ssistant nite 
tates Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Saint Andrews Plaza 
S
C 10007 
From: Nathan NYSD Chambers c
Se 
To 
Cc 
Subject: Re: Redaction 
Counsel: 
Chambers has instructed criminal docketing to remove Dkt. No. 453. Please submit a corrected version by 
today. 
Sincerely, 
Chambers of the Hon. Alison J. Nathan 
Fro 
Sent: 
urs ay, ovem er 
: 
EFTA00010102
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Redaction 
CAUTION - EXTERNAL: 
Chambers, 
The Government has been alerted that the filing at Dkt. No. 453 contains a redaction error in which the name of a witness 
whose identity has been redacted appears. (See Dkt. No. 453 at 11). If the Court would direct the Clerks Office to remove 
the filing from ECF for the moment, the Government can submit a corrected version today. 
Thank you, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Saint Andrews Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
CAUTION - EXTERNAL EMAIL: This email originated outside the Judiciary. Exercise caution when opening 
attachments or clicking on links. 
EFTA00010103


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010104.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010104.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Nathan NYSD Chambers
Cc: 
bcsternheim_mac.com <bcsternheim@mac.com>, "ceverdell®cohengresser.com" 
<ceverdell®cohengresser.com>, Laura Menninger tenninger@hmflaw.com>, "Jeff 
Pagliuca" ipagliuca@hmflaw.com> 
Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) - Birth Certificates 
Date: Fri, 19 Nov 2021 04:04:27 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.11.18_Mot_to_admit_birth_certificatesjunredacted].pdf; 
2021.11.18_Mot_to_admit_birth_certificatesjproposed_redactions].pdf 
Chambers, 
Attached please find a letter motion to determine that the Minor Victims' Birth certificates are self-authenticating, in 
unredacted form and with proposed redactions. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Saint Andrews Plaza 
10007 
EFTA00010104


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010105.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010105.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The SilWoJ. Mollo Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York. New York 10007 
November 18, 2021 
BY E-MAIL 
The Honorable Alison J. Nathan 
United States District Judge 
Southern District of New York 
Foley Square 
New York, New York 10007 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Dear Judge Nathan: 
The Government respectfully submits this letter regarding birth certificates that are marked 
as Government Exhibits for trial.' By way of background, the Government has obtained and 
produced to the defense certified copies of the birth certificates for each of the Minor Victims. 
(See GX-11-16). Although the Government has asked the defense to stipulate to the authenticity 
of these records, and although the defense has identified no reason to doubt the authenticity of 
these records, the defense has not agreed to a stipulation. Accordingly, the Government seeks the 
relief in the instant motion, to which it is entitled under the law, and to avoid calling records 
custodians from five state agencies with custody over the birth certificates.2
' The Government moves to file a redacted version this letter motion. The proposed redactions 
are consistent with the three-part test articulated by the Second Circuit in Lugosch v. Pyramid Co. 
of Onondaga, 435 F.3d 110 (2d Cir. 2006). Although this letter motion is a judicial document 
subject to the common law presumption of access, the proposed redactions are narrowly tailored 
to protect the privacy interests of victims, including victims who have not been publicly identified, 
and who are a subject of the Court's order granting the motion to let certain victims and witnesses 
testify under pseudonyms, and third parties. 
The Government is coordinating with Department of Justice Office of International Affairs to 
further establish the predicates for self-authentication of Witness-3's birth certificate and will 
make the appropriate motion when it is ripe. See Fed. It Evid. 902(3). 
EFTA00010105
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
For the reasons set forth below, the birth certificates are self-authenticating under Rule 902 
of the Federal Rules of Evidence, and no records custodian should be required to testify. The 
exhibits should be determined to be self-authenticating. 
I. 
Applicable Law 
Rule 902 contains a list of items that are "self-authenticating," that is "they require no 
extrinsic evidence of authenticity in order to be admitted." Fed. R. Evid. 902. Under Rule 902(4), 
that list includes: 
Certified Copies of Public Records. A copy of an official record 
— or a copy of a document that was recorded or filed in a public 
office as authorized by law — if the copy is certified as correct by: 
(A) the custodian or another person authorized to make the 
certification; or 
(B) a certificate that complies with Rule 902(1), (2), or (3), a 
federal statute, or a rule prescribed by the Supreme Court. 
Rule 902(1), in turn, provides for self-authentication of the following: 
Domestic Public Documents That Are Sealed and Signed. A 
document that bears: 
(A) a seal purporting to be that of the United States; any state, 
district, commonwealth, territory, or insular possession of 
the United States; the former Panama Canal Zone; the Trust 
Territory of the Pacific Islands; a political subdivision of 
any of these entities; or a department, agency, or officer of 
any entity named above; and 
(B) a signature purporting to be an execution or attestation. 
Finally, Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 27 permits a party to "prove an official record 
. . . in the same manner as in a civil action." Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 44(a)(1), in turn, 
permits proof of a domestic "official record" that is "otherwise admissible and is kept within the 
United States, any state, district, or commonwealth, or any territory" through 
EFTA00010106
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
a copy attested by the officer with legal custody of the record—or 
by the officer's deputy—and accompanied by a certificate that the 
officer has custody. The certificate must be made under seal: 
. . (ii) by any public officer with a seal of office and with official 
duties in the district or political subdivision where the record is kept. 
Fed. R Civ. P. 44(a)(1); see Fed. R. Evid. 902 Advisory Committee Notes ("Rule 44(a) of the 
Rules of Civil Procedure and Rule 27 of the Rules of Criminal Procedure have provided 
authentication procedures of this nature for both domestic and foreign public records."). 
II. 
Discussion 
The Minor Victims' birth certificates are certified and sealed by the appropriate officials, 
and are therefore self-authenticating under Fed. R. Evid. 902(4). See Ball v. A.O. Smith Corp., 
451 F.3d 66, 71 (2d Cir. 2006) ("The original transcript, which includes a certification by the court 
reporter, is self-authenticating. See Fed. R. Evid. 902(4).1; United States v. McGee, 439 F. App'x 
837, 839 (11th Cir. 2011) ("We have held that to satisfy the requirements of Rule 902(4), a 
certification need only identify the legal custodian's position of authority, and that the copy is true 
and correct."). 
At the threshold, domestic birth certificates are "public records" within the meaning of 
Federal Rule of Evidence 902(4). See Fed. R. Evid. 803(9) (providing a hearsay exception for 
"Public Records of Vital Statistics," including "[a] record of a birth . . . if reported to a public 
office in accordance with a legal duty."). 
Pursuant to Rule 902(4)(A), a copy of such a record is self-authenticating if "certified as 
correct by: ... the custodian or another person authorized to make the certification." Fed. R. Evid. 
902(4)(A). That is the case for each of the birth certificates: 
EFTA00010107
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
• 
The Registrar of Rhode Island Department of Health has signed and certified that 
Government Exhibit 12, Minor Victim-I's birth certificate, is a "true and exact copy of the 
document officially registered and placed on file in the issuing office." 
• 
The Registrar of the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services has signed and 
certified that Government Exhibit 13, Minor Victim-2's birth certificate, is an "exact 
reproduction of the certificate for the person named therein as it now appears in the 
permanent records of the Bureau of Vital Records of the Missouri Department of Health 
and Senior Services." 
• 
The Registrar of the Town of North Hempstead, Nassau County, New York, has signed 
and certified that Government Exhibit 11, Minor Victim-4's birth certificate, is a "true and 
correct copy of the original Certificate of Birth on file in the Office of the Registrar." 
• 
The County Clerk/Recorder of Sacramento County, California, has signed and certified 
that Government Exhibit 14, Minor Victim-5's birth certificate, is a "true and exact 
reproduction of the document officially registered and placed on file in the office of the 
Sacramento County Clerk/Recorder." 
• 
The Registrar of Vital Records and Statistics for the Massachusetts Department of Public 
Health Registry of Vital Records and Statistics has signed and certified that Government 
Exhibit 15, Minor Victim-6's birth certificate, is a "true copy" from the Registrar's records 
"of birth, marriage, and death required by law to be kept in my office." 
Each of these certifications is a certification by a custodian sufficient to satisfy the Rule. See 
Ratajack v. Brewster Fire Dept, 178 F. Supp. 3d 118, 128 n.3 (S.D.N.Y. 2016) (concluding that 
a transcript was self-authenticating based on a court reporter's certification that it contained a "true 
record"). 
EFTA00010108
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
The birth certificates are also self-authenticating under Rule 902(4)(B). That rule permits 
self-authentication based on "a certificate that complies with Rule 902(1), (2), or (3), a federal 
statute, or a rule prescribed by the Supreme Court." This rule is satisfied in two ways. 
First, the certifications comply with Rule 902(1). 
Each certification bears "a seal 
purporting to be that of . .. any state . 
; a political subdivision ... ; or a department, agency, or 
officer of" a state. Fed. R. Evid. 902(1)(A). And each certification bears a "signature purporting 
to be an execution or attestation." Fed. R. Evid. 902(1)(B). The certifications on the birth 
certificates therefore meet the requirements of Rule 902(4)(B). 
Second, as noted above, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 44(a)(1) explains that the evidence 
necessary to "evince[] an official record" that is "kept within the United States[ or] any state" is 
"a copy attested by the officer with legal custody of the record and accompanied by a certificate 
that the officer has custody." Fed. R. Civ. P. 44(a)( 1)(B); see Fed. R. Crim. P. 27 (incorporating 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure on this subject). That certification must be "made under seal 
. . . by any public officer with a seal of office and with official duties in the district or political 
subdivision where the record is kept." Fed. R. Civ. P. 44(a)(1)(B)(ii). Each of the certifications 
described above is by a public officer with official duties in the location where the birth certificate 
is kept, as stated in the certification, and each is sealed. That is sufficient. See United States v. 
Weiland, 420 F.3d 1062, 1073 (9th Cir. 2005) (concluding that records of prior convictions, 
fingerprints, and other materials from prison were self-authenticating under Rules 902(2) and 
902(4) and that "Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 44(a)(1), incorporated into Federal Rule of 
Criminal Procedure 27, accords with our analysis."). 
EFTA00010109
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
III. 
Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons, the Court should determine that the Minor Victims' birth 
certificates are self-authenticating. 
Respectfully submitted, 
DAMIAN WILLIAMS 
United States Attorney 
by:  
Is/ 
ssis an 
ni e 
a es Attorneys 
cc: 
Counsel of Record (by email) 
EFTA00010110


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010111.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010111.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The SilWoJ. Mollo Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York. New York 10007 
November 18, 2021 
BY E-MAIL 
The Honorable Alison J. Nathan 
United States District Judge 
Southern District of New York 
Foley Square 
New York, New York 10007 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Dear Judge Nathan: 
The Government respectfully submits this letter regarding birth certificates that are marked 
as Government Exhibits for trial.' By way of background, the Government has obtained and 
produced to the defense certified copies of the birth certificates for each of the Minor Victims. 
(See GX-11-16). Although the Government has asked the defense to stipulate to the authenticity 
of these records, and although the defense has identified no reason to doubt the authenticity of 
these records, the defense has not agreed to a stipulation. Accordingly, the Government seeks the 
relief in the instant motion, to which it is entitled under the law, and to avoid calling records 
custodians from five state agencies with custody over the birth certificates.2
' The Government moves to file a redacted version this letter motion. The proposed redactions 
are consistent with the three-part test articulated by the Second Circuit in Lugosch v. Pyramid Co. 
of Onondaga, 435 F.3d 110 (2d Cir. 2006). Although this letter motion is a judicial document 
subject to the common law presumption of access, the proposed redactions are narrowly tailored 
to protect the privacy interests of victims, including victims who have not been publicly identified, 
and who are a subject of the Court's order granting the motion to let certain victims and witnesses 
testify under pseudonyms, and third parties. 
The Government is coordinating with Department of Justice Office of International Affairs to 
further establish the predicates for self-authentication of Witness-3's birth certificate and will 
make the appropriate motion when it is ripe. See Fed. It Evid. 902(3). 
EFTA00010111
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
For the reasons set forth below, the birth certificates are self-authenticating under Rule 902 
of the Federal Rules of Evidence, and no records custodian should be required to testify. The 
exhibits should be determined to be self-authenticating. 
I. 
Applicable Law 
Rule 902 contains a list of items that are "self-authenticating," that is "they require no 
extrinsic evidence of authenticity in order to be admitted." Fed. R. Evid. 902. Under Rule 902(4), 
that list includes: 
Certified Copies of Public Records. A copy of an official record 
— or a copy of a document that was recorded or filed in a public 
office as authorized by law — if the copy is certified as correct by: 
(A) the custodian or another person authorized to make the 
certification; or 
(B) a certificate that complies with Rule 902(1), (2), or (3), a 
federal statute, or a rule prescribed by the Supreme Court. 
Rule 902(1), in turn, provides for self-authentication of the following: 
Domestic Public Documents That Are Sealed and Signed. A 
document that bears: 
(A) a seal purporting to be that of the United States; any state, 
district, commonwealth, territory, or insular possession of 
the United States; the former Panama Canal Zone; the Trust 
Territory of the Pacific Islands; a political subdivision of 
any of these entities; or a department, agency, or officer of 
any entity named above; and 
(B) a signature purporting to be an execution or attestation. 
Finally, Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 27 permits a party to "prove an official record 
. . . in the same manner as in a civil action." Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 44(a)(1), in turn, 
permits proof of a domestic "official record" that is "otherwise admissible and is kept within the 
United States, any state, district, or commonwealth, or any territory" through 
EFTA00010112
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
a copy attested by the officer with legal custody of the record—or 
by the officer's deputy—and accompanied by a certificate that the 
officer has custody. The certificate must be made under seal: 
. . (ii) by any public officer with a seal of office and with official 
duties in the district or political subdivision where the record is kept. 
Fed. R Civ. P. 44(a)(1); see Fed. R. Evid. 902 Advisory Committee Notes ("Rule 44(a) of the 
Rules of Civil Procedure and Rule 27 of the Rules of Criminal Procedure have provided 
authentication procedures of this nature for both domestic and foreign public records."). 
II. 
Discussion 
The Minor Victims' birth certificates are certified and sealed by the appropriate officials, 
and are therefore self-authenticating under Fed. R. Evid. 902(4). See Ball v. A.O. Smith Corp., 
451 F.3d 66, 71 (2d Cir. 2006) ("The original transcript, which includes a certification by the court 
reporter, is self-authenticating. See Fed. R. Evid. 902(4).1; United States v. McGee, 439 F. App'x 
837, 839 (11th Cir. 2011) ("We have held that to satisfy the requirements of Rule 902(4), a 
certification need only identify the legal custodian's position of authority, and that the copy is true 
and correct."). 
At the threshold, domestic birth certificates are "public records" within the meaning of 
Federal Rule of Evidence 902(4). See Fed. R. Evid. 803(9) (providing a hearsay exception for 
"Public Records of Vital Statistics," including "[a] record of a birth . . . if reported to a public 
office in accordance with a legal duty."). 
Pursuant to Rule 902(4)(A), a copy of such a record is self-authenticating if "certified as 
correct by: ... the custodian or another person authorized to make the certification." Fed. R. Evid. 
902(4)(A). That is the case for each of the birth certificates: 
EFTA00010113
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
• 
The Registrar of Rhode Island Department of Health has signed and certified that 
Government Exhibit 12, Minor Victim-I's birth certificate, is a "true and exact copy ofthi 
document officially registered and placed on file in the issuing office." 
• 
The Registrar of the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services has signed and 
certified that Government Exhibit 13, Minor Victim-2's birth certificate, is an "exacj 
reproduction of the certificate for the person named therein as it now appears in the 
permanent records of the Bureau of Vital Records of the Missouri Department of Health 
and Senior Services." 
• 
The Registrar of the Town of North Hempstead, Nassau County, New York, has signed 
kd certified that Government Exhibit 11, Minor Victim-4's birth certificate, is a "true ani 
correct copy of the original Certificate of Birth on file in the Office of the Registrar." 
The County Clerk/Recorder of Sacramento County, California, has signed and certified 
that Government Exhibit 14, Minor Victim-5's birth certificate, is a "true and exact 
a 
the document officially registered and placed on file in the office of 
- 
Ea's 
b' 
y"
Each of these certifications is a certification by a custodian sufficient to satisfy the Rule. See 
Ratajack v. Brewster Fire Dept, 178 F. Supp. 3d 118, 128 n.3 (S.D.N.Y. 2016) (concluding that 
a transcript was self-authenticating based on a court reporter's certification that it contained a "true 
record"). 
EFTA00010114
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
The birth certificates are also self-authenticating under Rule 902(4)(B). That rule permits 
self-authentication based on "a certificate that complies with Rule 902(1), (2), or (3), a federal 
statute, or a rule prescribed by the Supreme Court." This rule is satisfied in two ways. 
First, the certifications comply with Rule 902(1). 
Each certification bears "a seal 
purporting to be that of . .. any state . 
; a political subdivision ... ; or a department, agency, or 
officer of" a state. Fed. R. Evid. 902(1)(A). And each certification bears a "signature purporting 
to be an execution or attestation." Fed. R. Evid. 902(1)(B). The certifications on the birth 
certificates therefore meet the requirements of Rule 902(4)(B). 
Second, as noted above, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 44(a)(1) explains that the evidence 
necessary to "evince[] an official record" that is "kept within the United States[ or] any state" is 
"a copy attested by the officer with legal custody of the record and accompanied by a certificate 
that the officer has custody." Fed. R. Civ. P. 44(a)( 1)(B); see Fed. R. Crim. P. 27 (incorporating 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure on this subject). That certification must be "made under seal 
. . . by any public officer with a seal of office and with official duties in the district or political 
subdivision where the record is kept." Fed. R. Civ. P. 44(a)(1)(B)(ii). Each of the certifications 
described above is by a public officer with official duties in the location where the birth certificate 
is kept, as stated in the certification, and each is sealed. That is sufficient. See United States v. 
Weiland, 420 F.3d 1062, 1073 (9th Cir. 2005) (concluding that records of prior convictions, 
fingerprints, and other materials from prison were self-authenticating under Rules 902(2) and 
902(4) and that "Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 44(a)(1), incorporated into Federal Rule of 
Criminal Procedure 27, accords with our analysis."). 
EFTA00010115
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
III. 
Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons, the Court should determine that the Minor Victims' birth 
certificates are self-authenticating. 
Respectfully submitted, 
DAMIAN WILLIAMS 
United States Attorney 
by:  
Is/ 
Assistant United States Attorneys 
cc: 
Counsel of Record (by email) 
EFTA00010116


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010117.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010117.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:
To: Sigrid McCawley •
IIIMM> 
Cc 
Subject: US v. Maxwell. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Date: Fri, 19 Nov 2021 04:09:08 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.11.18_Mot_to_quashjfinal].pdf 
Sigrid, 
Attached is a copy of our motion to quash, which we just filed by email temporarily under seal. If it would be useful to 
talk tomorrow, please let us know. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Saint Andrews Plaza 
New York. New York 10007 
EFTA00010117


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010118.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010118.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The SilWoJ. Mollo Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York. New York 10007 
November 18, 2021 
BY E-MAIL 
The Honorable Alison J. Nathan 
United States District Judge 
Southern District of New York 
Foley Square 
New York, New York 10007 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Dear Judge Nathan: 
The Government respectfully submits this letter motion to quash the defendant's Rule 
17(c)(3) subpoena to 
the administrator of the Epstein Victims' Compensation 
Program (EVCP). For the reasons set forth below, the subpoena should be quashed.' 
I. 
Applicable Law 
As the defendant acknowledges, she bears the burden of satisfying the standard in United 
States v. Nixon, 418 U.S. 683 (1974). (Def. Mot. at 1). Pursuant to that standard, the "party 
seeking issuance of [a Rule 17(c)] subpoena must clear three hurdles: (1) relevancy; (2) 
admissibility; (3) specificity." United States v. Cole, 2021 WL 912425, at *3 (S.D.N.Y. Mar. 10, 
2021) (internal quotation marks omitted). The proponent must also establish that the records 
sought "are not otherwise procurable." Id. (quoting Nixon, 418 U.S. at 699-700). 
' For sake of simplicity, the Government uses the term "Minor Victims" to include Witness-3. The 
Government acknowledges the Court's order that Witness-3 should not be referenced at trial as a 
victim. 
EFTA00010118
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
The Nixon test is enforced strictly. As the Supreme Court has explained, "[i]t was not 
intended by Rule 16 to give a limited right of discovery, and then by Rule 17 to give a right of 
discovery in the broadest terms." Bowman Dairy Co. v. United States, 341 U.S. 214, 220 (1951); 
see also United States v. Purin, 486 F.2d 1363, 1368 (2d Cir. 1973) ("A subpoena duces tecum in 
a criminal case is not intended as a means of discovery."). It is not sufficient for a party to show 
only that the subpoenaed documents "are potentially relevant or admissible." United States v. 
Wey, 252 F. Supp. 3d 237, 254 (S.D.N.Y. 2017) (internal quotation marks omitted); see United 
States v. Skelos, No. 15 Cr. 317, 2018 WL 2254538, at *2 ("The materials sought under Rule 17 
must themselves be admissible at trial; it is not enough that they contain information which could 
be admissible." (alterations and internal quotation marks omitted)); United States v. RW Profl 
Leasing Servs. Corp., 228 F.R.D. 158, 162 (E.D.N.Y 2005) (explaining that it is "insufficient" for 
a party to show only that the subpoenaed documents "are potentially relevant or may be 
admissible"). Similarly, the party requesting the subpoena must also show that the "the application 
is made in good faith and is not intended as a general fishing expedition." United States v. Ulbricht, 
858 F.3d 71, 109 (2d Cir. 2017) (quoting Nixon, 418 U.S. at 699-700) (internal quotation marks 
omitted), abrogated on other grounds as recognized by United States v. Chambers, 751 F. App'x 
44, 46 & n.1 (2d Cir. 2018) (summary order).2
IL 
Discussion 
The defendant has subpoenaed four categories of information: (1) copies of any payments 
to the Minor Victims and their counsel, and (2) "[a]ny and [111 [r]eleases executed by the [Minor 
Although generally "production of impeaching evidence pursuant to Rule 17(c) is not required 
until after the witness testifies," Skelos, 2018 WL 2254538, at *2, in this case the Government 
expects each of the Minor Victims named in the subpoena to testify at trial. Accordingly, if the 
Court permits enforcement of the subpoena, the Government does not object to production of the 
records to the Court before the Minor Victims actually testify for the sake of efficiency. 
EFTA00010119
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
Victims];" (3) "[a]ny and all" material "submitted by each [Minor Victim]" to the EVCP; and (4) 
"communications" between the EVCP and the Minor Victims or their counsel. (Def. Mot. 
Attachment A). The subpoena should be quashed as to each of these categories.;
A. Payment Records 
The first category—copies of payments made to the Minor Victims—concerns information 
already in the defendant's possession. Indeed, the defendant's motion cites the amounts received 
by the Minor Victims, which is reflected in their 3500 material (Def. Mot. at 3), and the 
Government expects the Minor Victims to testify to those amounts at trial. 
Accordingly, this information is "otherwise procurable." United States v. Pena, No. 15 Cr. 
551 (AJN), 2016 WL 8735699, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. Feb. 12, 2016). The subpoena should therefore 
be quashed. At most, the Court should order production of that information to the Court so that it 
may be provided to the defense in the unlikely event that the Minor Victims testify inconsistently 
with their prior statements at trial. 
B. Claim Release Forms 
The defendant makes no argument for the relevance of the release forms executed by the 
Minor Victims, and none is apparent to the Government. The Court should therefore quash the 
subpoena insofar as it calls for that category of information, at least until the defendant explains 
what relevant and admissible evidence is contained in the release forms. 
The Government has standing to challenge the subpoena because it targets information about 
anticipated Government witnesses, "based on the Government's `interest in preventing any undue 
lengthening of the trial, any undue harassment of the witness and [her] family, and any prejudicial 
over-emphasis on the witness's credibility.'" United States v. Ray, 337 F.R.D. 561, 571 (S.D.N.Y. 
Nov. 25, 2020) (quoting United States v. Giampa, No. 92 Cr. 437 (PKL), 1992 WL 296440, at *1 
(S.D.N.Y. Oct. 7, 1992)). The Government has provided notice of this subpoena to the Minor 
Victims and is informed that at least two victims expect to file submissions regarding the subpoena. 
EFTA00010120
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
C. Any and All Material Submitted to the EVCP 
The defendant makes a further request for any and all submissions by the Minor Victims 
to the EVCP. This request would not generate relevant, admissible evidence for two reasons. 
First, the defendant has not identified a theory by which these materials are relevant and 
admissible. The defendant argues primarily that the materials contain relevant impeachment 
information because "[f]ull and complete cross-examination is impossible without understanding 
the complete terms of the agreement with the Epstein Fund, including the claims concerning 
Maxwell, as well as others." (Def. Mot. at 6). Materials are not relevant and admissible at trial, 
as required by Nixon, simply because they aid the defendant's "understanding." And the defendant 
articulates only one theory by which EVCP materials may be admitted to show bias. According 
to the defendant, the May 2020 Protocol governing the EVCP states that claims are evaluated 
depending on whether "there exists any information and/or pertinent findings offered by the 
appropriate . . . United States Attorneys' Office or other law enforcement agency." (Def. Mot. at 
5). If this "prosecution against [the defendant] went forward," the argument goes, the Minor 
Victims and their lawyers would "benefit." (Id.) 
The defendant already has the information relevant to this argument. She has the protocol 
for the EVCP. The Government has "offered" no "information" or "findings" to the EVCP about 
the Minor Victims; to the extent the EVCP relied on publicly available information about this case 
to make its determination, such as the charging instruments in this case, that information is in the 
public record. And the Government has already disclosed to the defendant the settlement 
EFTA00010121
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
amounts—which the defendant cites in her motion. (Def. Mot. at 5). Thus, if these records are 
relevant at all, they are "otherwise procurable." Pena, 2016 WL 8735699, at *2.4
The defendant also argues that the subpoenaed records contain prior statements of the 
Minor Victims, presumably suggesting that they may be admissible as prior inconsistent 
statements. (Def. Mot. at 4). This argument misses the mark. Any statements in the EVCP's files 
are unlikely to be inconsistent in light of the context in which they were made. See United States 
v. Barrow, 400 F.3d 109, 123 (2d Cir. 2005) (citing United States v. Strother, 49 F.3d 869, 875 
(2d Cir. 1995) for the proposition that an omission in a prior statement "should have been admitted 
as an inconsistent statement because it would have been natural for the witness to include the fact" 
(internal quotation marks and alterations omitted)). In order to initiate a proceeding with the 
Epstein Victims Compensation Fund, a victim must articulate a claim "directed against Epstein." 
(Indep. Epstein Victims' Compensation Program Protocol, Def. Mot. Ex. 1 Attachment A Ex. 1 at 
(emphasis added)). And in that context, it would be wholly unsurprising if victims spoke at 
times about their experience with Epstein without discussing the defendant.' Further, if it were 
true (as the defendant argues above) that EVCP funds will reveal the Minor Victims' bias because 
their recovery from the EVCP was aided by the Government's continued case against the 
defendant, one would expect that any statements by the Minor Victims to the EVCP regarding the 
defendant would be consistent with their statements to the Government and at trial. If the Minor 
Indeed, because all four Minor Victims identified in the subpoena have resolved their claims with 
the EVCP, there is no reason to think their trial testimony will be biased in order to advance their 
claims in a now-completed settlement process. 
Consider, for instance, if a victim met Epstein and the defendant together on a certain date. It 
would be entirely consistent for the victim to testify as much on the stand, and to tell the EVCP 
that she "met Epstein"—without mentioning the defendant—on that date. 
EFTA00010122
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
Victims' submissions to the EVCP did not discuss the defendant, a criminal case against the 
defendant would not advance their claims. 
Second, even if these subpoenas yielded marginally relevant impeachment material or 
marginally inconsistent statements notwithstanding their context, such evidence would not be 
admissible under Rule 403. At the November 1,2021 conference, the defendant sought to preclude 
the Government from arguing that the Minor Victims' settlements with the EVCP reflects an 
endorsement of their claims, which "would be confusing to the jury" and "open the door to an 
explanation from the defense about what really happened in those proceedings," a request to which 
the Court and Government agreed. (11/01/21 Tr. at 43:7-46:3). It remains the Government's 
position that cross-examination highlighting the fact that the Minor Victims received large 
settlements for their claims would not open the door to a broader discussion of the Epstein Victims 
Compensation Program. 
If, however, the defendant engages in significant cross-examination about what Minor 
Victims did and did not say to the EVCP, and the reasons for those statements, it would create just 
that confusion and open just that door. If the defendant argues that a Minor Victim should have, 
but did not, make statements about the defendant to the EVCP, the Government will have to 
explain to the jury the purpose of the EVCP and its adjudicative process in order to contextualize 
that omission. Similarly, if the defendant argues that the Minor Victims' testimony was biased by 
some interrelationship between the EVCP and this case, the Government will have to explain to 
the jury the absence of such an interrelationship, including the timeline of the Minor Victims' 
statements relative to the timeline of the EVCP. Indeed, it appears that the defendant anticipates 
arguing that some Minor Victims' bias is shown by the fact that their counsel was involved in 
structuring the EVCP, which would require further response from the Government about the 
EFTA00010123
--- PAGE 7 ---
Page 7 
operations of the EVCP. (Def. Mot. at 5 ("Lawyers for Accuser-2 and Witness-3 were instrumental 
in creating and structuring the terms of the Protocol.")). The risk of confusing the issues and 
wasting time at trial substantially outweigh any probative value in the evidence the defendant 
might obtain. 
This is not a trial about the scope and adjudicative process of the EVCP. All of this should 
be precluded, and therefore none of it is admissible under Nixon. The defendant is able to make 
arguments about bias and consistency without issuing a subpoena that is unlikely to yield relevant 
information—information that would be precluded at trial in any event.°
D. Communications 
Finally, the subpoena calls for communications between EVCP and the Minor Victims and 
their counsel. 
The term "communications" is defined broadly, covering "all forms of 
correspondence, including regular mail, email, text messages, memorandum, or other written 
communication of information of any kind." 
This subpoena request is a classic fishing expedition that the Court should quash. There is 
no reason to believe that the Minor Victim or their counsel would make substantive statements, 
which might be inconsistent, in emails and text messages. The defendant offers no reason why 
their theory of bias would find support in correspondence. Nor is one supported by logic: the 
theory is that the Minor Victims told false stories to the Government to advance the prosecution, 
not that they did or said biased things to the EVCP. This subpoena does not seek to "obtain 
identified evidence" but rather to engage in "a general `fishing expedition' that attempts to use the 
The defendant defines "EVCP Material" to include information regarding compensation received 
by Minor Victims and releases signed by them. (Def. Mot. Ex. 1 Attachment A). Those items 
should be treated identically to the specific requests for them, as discussed above. 
EFTA00010124
--- PAGE 8 ---
Page 8 
rule as a discovery device." United States v. Cuthbertson, 630 F.2d 139, 144 (3d Cir. 1980); see 
Ulbricht, 858 F.3d at 109. Such an expedition is precluded by Nixon. 418 U.S. at 700. 
III. 
Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons, the Court should quash the defendant's subpoena.?
Respectfully submitted, 
DAMIAN WILLIAMS 
United States Attorney 
by:mr
_ 
Assistant United States Attorneys 
cc: 
Counsel of Record (by email) 
In the event the Court does not quash the subpoena, the Government notes that it is returnable to 
the Court for in camera review. (Def. Mot. at 1). To the extent the Court releases any records 
from the EVCP to the defendant, it should only release those records that comply with the Nixon 
standard. See Skelos, 2018 WL 2254538, at *2 ("To avoid delay in trial, courts sometimes require 
production of impeaching material to the court (but not to counsel), with the court reviewing these 
documents in camera and then disclosing any admissible documents only after the witness 
testifies."). For instance, if the Court identifies a prior inconsistent statement in only one 
document, no other records should be released to the defendant. And, in addition to evaluating 
whether any statement is relevant to show bias or as a prior inconsistent statement, the Court should 
consider whether it is precluded under Rule 403, for the reasons described above. See supra pp. 
6-7. 
EFTA00010125


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010126.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010126.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: "Stoddart, Allison" <Allison.Stoddart@wilmerhale.com> 
Subject: Accepted: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Date: Fri, 19 Nov 2021 17:32:29 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
EFTA00010126


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010127.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010127.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
c
> 
To: "Stoddart, Allison" < 
Subject: Accepted: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (A.IN) 
Date: Fri, 19 Nov 2021 18:40:15 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
EFTA00010127


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010128.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010128.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Accepted: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Start Date: 2021-11-22 23:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2021-11-23 00:00:00 +0000 
Location: Zoom Meeting - Meeting ID Below 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Comment: 
Date Created: 2021-11-19 19:38:19 +0000 
Date Modified: 2021-11-19 19:38:19 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2021-11-19 18:40:15 +0000 
Attendee: Stoddart, Allison <i
> 
EFTA00010128


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010129.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010129.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
(CRM)" < 
SANYS)" 
Subject: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell 
Date: Tue, 09 Nov 2021 12:33:02 +0000 
Attachments: 
Zgmail.com_-_incoming.eml.pdf; 20210626_093804.jpg 
P,usdoj.gov> 
Colleagues, 
My office received the attached email as citizen correspondence. Because it references Jeffrey Epstein and 
Ghislaine Maxwell, I am forwarding it to you for whatever consideration you deem appropriate. Consistent 
with our standard response, we will simply advise the writer to contact the FBI. Please let me know if you have 
any questions. Thanks very much, 
Deputy Chief tor Policy and Legislation 
Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section 
U.S. Department of Justice 
(mobile) 
EFTA00010129


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010130.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010130.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
II
To: 
(USANYS) Contractor 
ontractorr 
Cc: 
USANYS " 
Subject: FW: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell 
Date: Tue, 09 Nov 2021 14:06:33 +0000 
Attachments: 
@gmail.com_-_incoming.eml.pdf; 20210626_093804.jpg 
could you please add this to NTW 3500? Thanks. 
From: 
(CRM) < 
ausdoj.gov> 
Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 2021 7:33 AM 
To 
(USANYS) 
Subject: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell 
Colleagues, 
My office received the attached email as citizen correspondence. Because it references Jeffrey Epstein and 
Ghislaine Maxwell, I am forwarding it to you for whatever consideration you deem appropriate. Consistent 
with our standard response, we will simply advise the writer to contact the FBI. Please let me know if you have 
any questions. Thanks very much, 
Deputy Chief for Policy and Legislation 
Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section 
U.S. Department of Justice 
(mobile) 
EFTA00010130


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010131.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010131.pdf
----------------------------------------
140
EFTA00010131


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010132.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010132.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS) [Contractor]"  
To: 
1" 
EMIE>, 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell 
Date: The, 09 Nov 2021 14:47:16 +0000 
(USANYS) [Contractor]" 
Just added this to the next pending  NTW 3500 folder. Thanks! 
From 
Sent: Tuesda November 9, 2021 9:07 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) [Contractor
> 
Subject: FW: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell 
could you please add this to NTW 3500? Thanks. 
From 
(CRM) 
Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 2021 7:33 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell 
Colleagues, 
USANYS) [Contractor] 
a ja 
My office received the attached email as citizen correspondence. Because it references Jeffrey Epstein and 
Ghislaine Maxwell, I am forwarding it to you for whatever consideration you deem appropriate. Consistent 
with our standard response, we will simply advise the writer to contact the FBI. Please let me know if you have 
any questions. Thanks very much, 
Deputy Chief for Policy and Legislation 
Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section 
U.S. De artment of justice 
mobile) 
EFTA00010132


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010133.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010133.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The Si!lo J. Mollo Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York New York 10007 
November 9, 2021 
BY ELECTRONIC MAIL 
Christian Everdell, Esq. 
Mark Cohen, Esq. 
Cohen & Gresser LLP 
Laura Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 
Bobbi Stemheim, Esq. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Dear Counsel: 
Today we are producing the materials listed in the below index. These materials are 
stamped with control numbers SDNY_GM_02767074 through SDNY_GM_02771980. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
2020 Protective Order in this case. This letter is itself designated as "confidential," because it 
includes information regarding records designated as "confidential" under the Protective 
Order. The Department of Justice directed this office to cease the dissemination of materials 
marked with the word "confidential" in order to avoid potential confusion with markings reserved 
for classified documents. Accordingly, in order to note the appropriate designation of this 
production under the operative Protective Order in this case, the materials being produced today 
are marked with the following label: "SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 
8, 9, 10, 15, and 17." This marking directly refers to the specific paragraphs of the Protective 
Order that govern today's production. 
An index of the materials contained in this production is below: 
EFTA00010133
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
Bates Start 
Bates End 
Summary Description 
Confidential Designation 
SDNY GM 02767074 SDNY GM 02771980 SDFL Files' 
Confidential 
The Government recognizes tha its discovery obligations are ongoing and will promptly 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
to reach out if you have any difficulty accessing these materials. 
Very truly yours, 
DAMIAN WILLIAMS 
United States Attorney 
These materials appear to be largely duplicative of materials previously produced to you in 
discovery. 
EFTA00010134


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010135.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010135.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Shappert, Gretchen (USAVI)"
To: "Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS)" 
Cc: "Shappert, Gretchen (USAVI)"
Subject: From the USVI--Jeffrey Epstein matter 
Date: Mon, 08 Jun 2020 11:34:10 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00 1 .jpg 
Good morning, Geoff and greetings from St. Thomas: 
We are having some coordination issues here, regarding the SDNY and USVI investigations of the Jeffrey 
Epstein matter. I realize that you have a huge number of pressing issues to address and was hoping that you 
could direct me to one of your supervisors, with whom I could discuss this matter. 
Thanks so much, 
Gretchen 
Gretchen C.F. Shappert 
U.S. Attorney for the Virgin Islands 
Office of the U.S. Attorney 
Ron De Lugo Federal Building 
Charlotte Amalie, St. Thomas 
front desk) 
https://www.justice gov/usao-vi 
EFTA00010135


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010136.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010136.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To 
Subject: Re: Alexander Acosta gave Jeffrey Epstein the deal of a lifetime I Miami Herald 
Date: Thu, 29 Nov 2018 03:48:37 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Tomorrow I am pretty open. Let me know what works for you. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 28, 2018, at 10:11 PM,
te: 
Discuss tomorrow? Might be worth calliainstead. 
I'm at JTTF until around noon. Feel free to call 
without me if that's better for you! 
Assistant United States Attorney 
t of New York 
On Nov 28, 2018, at 10:06 PM
 wrote: 
You read my mind. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 28, 2018, at 10:02 PM
 wrote: 
Woah, we should talk to 
about how to pursue this. Maybe we can ask 
if he can do some 
digging. 
il
lsitialAnited States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
On Nov 28, 2018, at 9:38 PM a 
wrote: 
WTF? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: November 28, 2018 at 9:37:02 PM EST 
EFTA00010136
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: 
Subject: Alexander Acosta gave Jeffrey Epstein the deal of a lifetime I Miami Herald 
Alexander Acosta gave Jeffrey Epstein the deal of a lifetime I Miami Herald 
https://www.miamiherald.corninews/local/article220097825.html 
EFTA00010137


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010138.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010138.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Subpoena request for birth certificate - Massachusetts 
Date: Mon, 19 Jul 2021 20:49:27 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.07.19_Court_Subpoenan
Registry_of Vital_Records.pdf 
SANYS)" 
Attached — thanks! 
From: 
Sent: on a
July
 19, 
To: 
Cc 
Su • le 
poena request for birth certificate - Massachusetts 
Could we get subpoena addressed to the following for ML: 
Registry of Vital Records and Statistics 
150 Mt. Vernon Street 
1.g Floor 
Dorchester, MA 02125 
DOB: 
Thanks, 
Special Agent-
FBI New York Field Office 
Child Ex loitation Human Trafficking 
Desk: 
(USANYS) 
EFTA00010138


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010139.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010139.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" alMINE> 
To: "
:111aMIN> 
Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell update 
Date: Tue, 20 Jul 2021 19:29:56 +0000 
FYI 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: '1 
Date: Jul 
To: " 
Cc: ' 
Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell update 
(USANYS)" ala> 
2021 at 3:23:36 PM EDT 
I know all of the answers except #6. Defer to you on how to handle that one, unless you think that's a better 
question for 
.... Thanks. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Gadher, Dipesh" 
Date: Jul 20 2021 at 3:17:20 PM EDT 
To: " 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell update 
Dear Nick 
I hope this email finds you well. Since we last spoke, I've been juggling work with the arrival of a lockdown 
baby boy - our firstborn - who has left me totally sleep-deprived (and thrilled, of course)! 
I wanted to check a few things with you if I may on the Ghislaine Maxwell case: 
I) Is it correct to say that there will now be TWO trials - the first on the child sex trafficking charges 
(covering the period 1994-2004) and the second on the 2016 perjury charges? 
2) Is the main trial still scheduled to start in November? 
3) Is there any date set aside for the perjury trial? 
4) What does this mean for the maximum sentence that Maxwell can now receive? I think we previously 
talked settled on up to 80 years behind bars. 
5) Is the investigation into Maxwell and Epstein's network still ongoing? 
6) If so, does Prince Andrew remain a person of interest? Have US prosecutors managed to get a statement 
from him yet or are there any arrangements in the pipeline to do so? 
I'd be grateful if you could drop me line with some responses within the next 48 hours if at possible please. 
Many thanks 
EFTA00010139
--- PAGE 2 ---
All the best 
Dipesh 
The Sunday Times 
Tel: 
Mob: 
"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail" 
This e-mail and any attachments are confidential, may be 
legally privileged and are the property of News Corp UK & Ireland 
Limited on whose systems they were generated. News Corp UK 
& Ireland Limited is the holding company for the News UK group, 
is registered in England & Wales under number 81701, has its 
registered office at 
and 
is registered with VAT number GB 243 8054 69. If you have received 
this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and 
do not 
use, distribute, store or copy it in any way. Statements or 
opinions in 
this e-mail or any attachment are those of the author and are 
not 
necessarily agreed or authorised by News Corp UK & Ireland Limited 
or any member of its group. News Corp UK & Ireland Limited may 
monitor outgoing or incoming emails as permitted by law. It 
accepts 
no liability for viruses introduced by this e-mail or attachments. 
News Corp UK & Ireland Limited and its titles 
are committed to abiding by 
IPSO's regulations and the Editors' Code of Practice that IPSO enforces. 
EFTA00010140


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010141.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010141.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
(USANYS)" <
> 
_JSANYS)11n>, 
Subject: Meet on Epstein 
Date: Tue, 17 Sep 2019 00:47:22 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
til 
(USANYS)" 
EFTA00010141


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010142.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010142.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Meet on Epstein 
Start Date: 2019-09-17 14:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2019-09-17 14:30:00 +0000 
Organizer: 
(USANYS) <
> 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Date Created: 2019-09-17 08:27:19 +0000 
Date Modified: 2019-09-17 08:27:19 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2019-09-17 00:47:22 +0000 
Attendee 
(USANYS) 
;■ 
(USANYS) 
EFTA00010142


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010143.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010143.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To 
Cc 
Subjec 
Date: Tue, 16 Nov 2021 22:03:24 +0000 
Embedded: [EXTERNAL_EMAILL-ye:_Federal_Trial_Subpoena.msg 
FYI 
Special Agent 
FBI New York Field Office 
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking 
Desk 
EFTA00010143


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010144.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010144.pdf
----------------------------------------
June 24, 2021 
rep 
AUSA 
Det. 
Prepared for trial testimony 
previously undisclosed, clarifying, or different recollections 
below 
• 
oes not remember exactly how much she was paid when -took took photos of her 
• 
thought 
looked between 28 and 34 
• i
would shower or steam before massages, sometimes invited.. join him 
• 
believes she received up to $500 for some massages 
EFTA00010144


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010145.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010145.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Discovery 
Date: Tue, 13 Jul 2021 21:14:32 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.07.13 MDC - Maxwell PASSWORD.docx: 2021.07.13 MDC -
Maxwell MAIN.docx 
Cover letters for this drive are attached, let me know if they're okay to go out. The drive is being loaded now with the 
materials' 
inked below (thank you!) and will go out with FedEx either this evening or tomorrow morning, depending 
on when the drive finishes loading. 
From 
Sent: Tuesda Jul 13 2021 3:30 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Discovery 
Thanks very much to you both! 
From• 
Sent: Tuesday, July 13, 2021 1:16 PM 
To: 
c: 
Subject: RE: Discovery 
The most recent productions that have gone to Maxwell at MDC — and that we have not already reproduced on a hard 
drive — are: 
• 2021.05.21 (disc) — the Seventeenth Production, saved here (includes subpoena returns, native carved images, and 
images) 
• 2021.06.10 (disc) — reproduction of the Seventeenth Production, above ^, after original disc was sent back to us. 
The original disc worked on my end, so maybe it is a problem with the larger 8GB discs we had to use? 
Nevertheless, the materials to be loaded are the Seventeenth Production. Thanks, team!! 
From 
Se 
• 
• 
To: 
Cc 
Subject: Re: Discovery 
EFTA00010145
--- PAGE 2 ---
I can handle, currently unpacking some stuff from trial but will look for the drive and try and load it later this afternoon. 
Could one of you please just let me know what discovery needs to be loaded onto it (or since which date) since I've been 
out of the loop for a bit? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 13, 2021, at 12:29 PM 
Hi team, 
wrote: 
Any chance one of you would be able to track down a drive that Maxwell's lawyers dropped off yesterday for 
please? Or if not, any chance you could point us to someone who would be able to help find the drive? 
We need to get it loaded with the most recent productions that went to Maxwell on CDs. 
"
m
hanks 
From 
Sent: Monda Jul 12, 2021 10:57 PM 
To 
c: 
Subject: RE: Discovery 
We dropped off the drive this afternoon. It should be addressed to. 
Let me know if you have trouble finding it. 
Thanks, 
a 
u 
: 
From 
Sent: on 
To: 
Cc: 
Sub] 
: 
: iscovery 
Hope you are well, too, thanks. 
We should have a production of additional non-testifying witness materials prepared to produce to you by the end of 
next week. 
Did you drop off a hard drive today? If so, would you please let me know to whom it was addressed? 
and I are 
both traveling this week, and our paralegals are currently either out of the office or on trial, so we'll nee to get 
someone else to pick up and load the drive. 
Thanks, 
EFTA00010146
--- PAGE 3 ---
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
Froni 
Sent: Frida Jul 9 2021 4:52 PM 
u J 
:Discovery 
I hope you are all well. I wanted to circle back with you about two discovery issues. First, a little while back you said 
that you would be producing to us additional non-testifying 3500 material. When can we expect to receive that? 
Second, you produced the last few productions to Ms. Maxwell on disk. Those disks are now not working. We will drop 
off a hard drive to you on Monday. Please reload those productions onto the hard drive and send it to Ms. Maxwell in 
MDC. If the additional non-testifying 3500 material is ready to be produced, please include that on the drive. 
Regards, 
<image00 I j pg> 
New York I Paris I Washington DC 
London <image002.jpg> 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only 
the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
review. dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error. please immediately notify 
the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you. 
PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed at: Mos] 
cohangrassercom/privacK-policx 
EFTA00010147


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010148.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010148.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Epstein 
Date: Fri, 30 Nov 2018 14:24:55 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
The December 4 trial - is that the one against DOJ or against Epstein? State or federal court? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00010148


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010149.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010149.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Maxwell trial fact witness travel -
Date: Sun, 14 Nov 2021 21:43:03 +0000 
Attachments: Fact Witness Travel_Request_ 
for_trial.docx 
Hi Wendy, 
Attached please find a fact witness travel request for another witness in the Maxwell trial— 
I expect he'll 
testify on 12/9 or 12/10. We would like to have him fly in on the morning of 12/8 and out on the evening of 12/10. Also, 
just flagging that there is a chance that we will need to change his travel. Please let us know if you have any questions. 
Thanks so much for all of your help! 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York. New York 10007 
EFTA00010149


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010150.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010150.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fact Witness Travel Request (Domestic Witness Travel) 
AUSA, see instructions below. 
To: 
SDNY Victim/Witness Unit 
From: 
Date: November 14, 2021 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
Court Docket No: 
Cr. 330 (AN) 
USA° No: 
2018R01618 
Witness Name: 
Witness DOB: 
(Name/DOB as printed here will be forwarded to travel agency and then to TSA and must 
exactly match the witness's driver's license or other travel ID or TSA will not permit the 
witness to fly.) 
Witness Address: 
Witness TelNos mobile 
Witness e-mail: 
Witness Needed to Appear in SDNY on 
Date: December 8, 2021 
Time: 12 p.m. 
Witness Needed to Appear for: 
Trial ( ) 
Date: 
Grand Jury ( ) 
Date: 
Trial/GJ Prep (X ) 
Date: December 9 and 10, 2021 
Estimated Dates Witness will Arrive: December 8, 2021 
Depart: December 10, 2021 
Is the person a Fact Witness and not an Expert Witness? 
(Yes/No): Yes 
Current Federal Civilian or Military Employee? 
(Yes/No): No 
Is the Witness Facing Criminal Charges? 
(Yes/No): No 
Does the Witness Reside Outside the Continental United States? 
(Yes/No): No 
Is this Witness a Victim-Witness? 
(Yes/No): No 
Hotel Required? 
(Yes/No): Yes 
Has the Witness advised you of any unusual travel expenses? 
(Yes/No): No 
Unusual expenses of fact witnesses can include 
• 
special travel arrangements 
• 
care for dependent child or incapacitated family member left at home 
rev. 2019.11.19 
EFTA00010150
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
kennel fees for pets 
• 
necessary travel companion 
• 
extra baggage (more than one bag) 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
For Victim-Witness Coordinator: 
1. (For UEFW other than travel, which must be itemized and approved in advance:) This UEFW 
is apparently within VWC approval authority and tentatively approved pending receipt(s) for 
UEFW expenses (Yes/No): 
2. Other VWC comments: 
VWC Initials and Date: 
Instructions to AUSA: 
• 
Use this form for all fact witnesses within the U.S. except government employees and military 
personnel, for whom a Request for Armed Forces or Government-Employee Witness should 
be used. 
• 
For foreign witnesses, use the International Witness Travel Request. Complete an Early or 
Extended stay memo if the witness is being brought in more than 3 business days prior to 
court/CI testimony. 
• 
Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for invesrigat 
rviews, 
must be covered by the investigating component from litigative funds. See 
• 
See generally DOJ Instruction 1300.01.01 (approved 9/28/2018) and sources referenced 
therein. 
rev. 2019.11.19 
EFTA00010151


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010152.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010152.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 'a 
To: Nathan NYSD Chambers <
M> 
Cc: ' 
"ceverdell@cohengresser.com" <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>, Laura Menninger 
<Imenninger@hmflaw.com>, "Jeff Pagliuca" <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>, 
"bcsstemheim@mac.com" <bcsstemheim@mac.com> 
Subject: United States v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330, list of names and places 
Date: Mon, 15 Nov 2021 03:33:46 +0000 
Attachments: 2021-11-14 joint_letter regarding_names_and_places.pdf 
Chambers, 
The parties respectfully submit the attached letter providing a list of names and places for voir dire. 
Thank you. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 100. 
EFTA00010152


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010153.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010153.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mail Delivery Subsystem <MAILER-DAEMON@DJJMDCJCO1-PPOINT08.jcots.jutnet.net> 
To: a> 
Subject: [EXTERNAL) Returned mail: see transcript for details 
Date: Mon, 15 Nov 2021 03:34:03 +0000 
Embedded: unnamed 
The original message was received at Mon, 15 Nov 2021 03:33:57 GMT 
from [10.187.9.62] 
The following addresses had permanent fatal errors ----
<besstemheim®mac.com> 
(reason: 550 5.1.1 <bcssternheim@mac.com>: user does not exist) 
Transcript of session follows ----
... while talking to mx02.mail.icloud.com.: 
>» DATA 
<<< 550 5.1.1 <bcssterrtheim®mac.com>: user does not exist 
550 5.1.1 <bcsstemheim@mac.com>... User unknown 
cc< 554 5.5.1 Error no valid recipients 
EFTA00010153


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010154.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010154.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: co-conspirator statements/ GX 52 
Date: Mon, 15 Nov 2021 22:59:54 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.11.15 JSP_Ltr._re._EX._52.pdf; 2021.11.15 JSP_Ltr._re_Rule_801(d)(2)(e).pdf 
Here are the defense's very brief letter oppositions on these topics. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00010154


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010155.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010155.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
To: 
Cc: Christian Everdell 
, Laura Menninger 
, Jeff Pagliuca
Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Date: Mon, 15 Nov 2021 22:30:51 +0000 
Attachments: Late Receipt_of Goverrunent_Disclosures_.pdf 
Courtesy copy of today's ECF fling. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
then delete this message. Thank you. 
On Nov 3, 2021, at 4:08 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM <
(> wrote: 
Courtesy copy of this afternoon's ECF filing-
<Bail Application 11:3:21.pdf> 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
EFTA00010155
--- PAGE 2 ---
This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
then delete this message. Thank you. 
On Nov 3, 2021, at 12:48 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM < 
wrote: 
Courtesy copy of today's ECF filing. 
<Disclosure of Juror Names to Counsel Only upon completion of Questionnaire.pdf, 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
then delete this message. Thank you. 
EFTA00010156


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010157.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010157.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jack Scarola 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: EXTERNAL Rule 17(c) subpoena 
Date: Tue, 16 Nov 2021 12:51:12 +0000 
Thanks very much, Jack. We expect the Fund will file an opposition to the subpoena emphasizing the expectations of 
confidentiality that you highlight. 
From: Jack Scarola 
Sent: Tuesday, November 16, 2021 4:58 AM 
To 
Subject: (EXTERNAL] Re: EXTERNAL Rule 17(c) subpoena 
While our preference is to minimize the invasion ofeivacy, 
there is unlikely to be anything in those files that will 
be of concern to you. Obviously, the disclosures to the Fund were made under assurances of confidentiality. 
On Nov 15, 2021, at 9:29 PM, 
wrote: 
Jack, 
Attached is a motion that Maxwell's has counsel filed seeking to subpoena information from the Epstein Victim 
Compensation Fund, including information about 
. We intend to file a motion to quash the subpoena later this 
week. Happy to have a call if you would like to discuss or have any questions. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
I St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
I
CAUTION: This email originated from outside the organization. Do not click links or open 
attachments unless you recognize the sender and know the content is safe. 
****************************************************************************************** 
Privileged and Confidential I Electronic communication is not a secure mode of communication and may be accessed by 
unauthorized persons. This communication originates from the law firm of Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
and is protected under the Electronic Communication Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. S2510-2521. The information contained in this 
E-mail message is privileged and confidential under Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 2.420 and information intended only for the use of 
the individual(s) named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that 
any dissemination, distribution, or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. Personal messages express views 
solely of the sender and shall not be attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify 
EFTA00010157
--- PAGE 2 ---
the sender immediately by e-mail or by telephone at (800) 780-8607 and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank 
V 
EFTA00010158


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010159.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010159.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" 
To: Christian Everdell .<
3OBEtICS'
>
FERNHEIM 
aa>, 
Laura Menninger 
, Jeff Pagliuca 
C 
(USAN 
(USANYS) [Contractor]" 
Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Date: The, 16 Nov 2021 13:07:56 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.11.16_Maxwell_Discovery_Letter.pdf; 2021.11.16_Maxwell_3500_Cover Letter.pdf; 
2021.11.16_U.S._v_Maxwell_3500_Index_(Defense_Copy).pdf; 
2021.11.16 U.S._v Maxwell Non-
Te,stifying Witness:Material lndexiDefense_Copy).pdf; 
2021.11.16_US_v._Maxwell_Government_Exhibit_IndexiDefense).pdf 
Counsel, 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. In 
addition, a supplemental production of testifying witness and non-testifying witness material and exhibits are also ready 
to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter and indices. 
The production will be made via USAfx. We will send one of the hard drives you provided to the MDC for Ms. Maxwell. 
Thanks, 
Assistant  tUniited States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
Tel: 
EFTA00010159


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010160.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010160.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District IV-New York 
The Siltio.1. Moll° Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York New York 10007 
November 16, 2021 
BY ELECTRONIC MAIL 
Christian Everdell, Esq. 
Mark Cohen, Esq. 
Cohen & Gresser LLP 
800 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
Laura Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 
150 East Tenth Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
Bobbi Stemheim, Esq. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
West 19th Street-4th Fl. 
New York, NY 10007 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Dear Counsel: 
Today we are producing the materials listed in the below index. These materials are 
stamped with control numbers SDNY_GM_02771984 through SDNY_GM_02772261. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
2020 Protective Order in this case. This letter is itself designated as "confidential," because it 
includes information regarding records designated as "confidential" under the Protective 
Order. The Department of Justice directed this office to cease the dissemination of materials 
marked with the word "confidential" in order to avoid potential confusion with markings reserved 
for classified documents. Accordingly, in order to note the appropriate designation of this 
production under the operative Protective Order in this case, the materials being produced today 
are marked with the following label: "SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 
8, 9, 10, 15, and 17." This marking directly refers to the specific paragraphs of the Protective 
Order that govern today's production. 
An index of the materials contained in this production is below: 
EFTA00010160
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
Bates Start 
Bates End 
Summary Description 
Confidential Designation 
SDNY_GM_02771984 
SDNY GM 02772047 
AT&T records 
Confidential 
SDNY_GM_02772048 
SDNY GM 02772257 
Phone records 
Confidential 
SDNY_GM_02772258 
SDNY GM 02772261 
Photographs 
The Government recognizes that its discovery obligations are ongoing and will promptly 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
to reach out if you have any difficulty accessing these materials. 
Very truly yours, 
DAMIAN WILLIAMS 
United States Attorney 
by: 
s/ 
Assistant United 
United States Attorneys 
EFTA00010161


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010162.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010162.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The Siltio.1. Moll° Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York New York 10007 
November 16, 2021 
BY ELECTRONIC MAIL 
Christian Everdell, Esq. 
Cohen & Gresser LLP 
800 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
Laura Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 
150 East Tenth Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
Bobbi Stemheim, Esq. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
West 19th Street-4th Fl. 
New York, NY 10007 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Dear Counsel: 
Today the Government is producing additional materials, including Jencks Act and 
Giglio material, regarding witnesses who may be called to testify at trial in the above-referenced 
case. Enclosed please find an index detailing the materials included in today's production. 
The Government is also producing today certain materials relating to individuals the 
Government does not currently intend to call as witnesses at trial in the above-referenced case. 
These materials do not contain a comprehensive set of Jencks Act and Giglio materials, as the 
Government does not expect to call these individuals to testify at trial. Instead, these materials 
contain, among other things, certain witness statements. Enclosed please find an index detailing 
these materials. This production should not be taken to indicate that the Government believes it 
has any obligation to provide all of these materials; rather, we make this production as a courtesy. 
Moreover, although the Government presently does not intend to call the individuals listed in the 
enclosed index, we reserve the right to do so and will notify you should the Government determine 
that it intends to call any of these individuals at trial. 
EFTA00010162
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
Please note that this letter, the enclosed index, and the enclosed materials are governed 
by the July 31, 2020 Protective Order in this case. In particular, the materials are designated 
as "confidential" under the Protective Order. The index is itself designated as "confidential," 
because it includes information regarding records designated as "confidential" under the 
Protective Order. The Department of Justice directed this office to cease the dissemination of 
materials marked with the word "confidential" in order to avoid potential confusion with marking,; 
reserved for classified documents. Accordingly, in order to note the appropriate designation of 
this production under the operative Protective Order in this case, the materials being produced 
today are marked with the following label: "SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER 
PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17." This marking directly refers to the specific paragraphs 
of the Protective Order that govern today's production. 
Very truly yours, 
DAMIAN WILLIAMS 
United States Attorney 
by:  s/
ssistant nue 
tates Attorneys 
EFTA00010163


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010164.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010164.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: Christian Everdell 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
, Laura Menninger 
'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' 
Subject: RE: Pseudonyms 
Date: Wed, 10 Nov 2021 01:33:57 +0000 
Attachments: 2021-1 I -10,Jetter_re_pseudonyms_and_sealing.pdf; Exhibit_A.pdf 
Inline-Images: image001.gif; image003.jpg 
All, 
Attached is a draft of the letter regarding the logistics relating to pseudonyms. There is a section for your position, so if 
you could please send us the language you'd like us to add by tomorrow evening, we can finalize and file it. 
Thanks, 
From: Christian Everdell 
Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 2021 11:23 AM 
To: 
I *c
.>;
(USANYS) 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] RE: Pseudonyms 
; Laura Menninger < 
; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' 
Yes, let's do that. I'll put them to the attention of 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 202111:16 AM 
To: Christian Everdell 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
(USANYS) 
Subject: RE: Pseudonyms 
; Laura Menninger 
'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' 
Thanks, Chris. Since I'm not sure exactly where we'll be in the morning, and I don't want to delay you at all in the morning, 
it mike make sense to just drop them at the security tent at our office, which is next door. Would that work? 
From: Christian Everdell 
Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 202110:52 AM 
To: 
I
(USANYS) <a; 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
> 
; Laura Menninger <a); 
'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] RE: Pseudonyms 
EFTA00010164
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thanks, 
I can try to bring the hard drives to the hearing (we have 4 to give you). I should be able to bring them in, 
but maybe it's better to have a paralegal meet me in front of the side entrance of 40 Foley at 8:30am. I can hand them 
off. 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 2021 10:42 AM 
To: Christian Everdell 
(USANYS) 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca cz
:; Laura Menninger 
; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' 
Subject: RE: Pseudonyms 
Hi Chris, 
Not a problem, we're aiming to send you the letter later today that addresses all of those issues. Separately, could you 
please bring extra drives to the hearing, along the lines we've discussed? If it's easier to mail them (or if it would be an 
issue to bring them past security), that's fine too. 
Thanks, 
From: Christian Everdell < 
Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 2021 10:40 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
>; 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Pseudonyms 
and 
>; 
; Laura Menninger < 
; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' 
According to my notes, the following three joint letters regarding pseudonyms are due to the court tomorrow: 
1. Joint letter (filed under seal) re: pseudonyms used by witnesses 
2. Joint letter (filed on ECF) re: limiting instruction re: pseudonyms 
3. Joint letter (filed on ECF) re: procedures w/r/t pseudonyms to be used at voir dire and sealing/redacting exhibits at 
trial 
Please send us your proposals by COB today. Jeff and Laura are traveling today for the hearing and we need the chance to 
discuss your proposals with them tonight when they arrive. 
Thanks, 
Chris 
Christian R Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
EFTA00010165
--- PAGE 3 ---
800 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
view bio 
www.cohengresser.com 
New York I Paris I Washington DC I London 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or ptivileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only 
the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
review. dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in amt. please immediately notify 
the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you. 
PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed .i! httpslAvww.cohenctresser.com/privacK-policy
EFTA00010166


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010167.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010167.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00010167
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00010168
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00010169
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00010170
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00010171


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010172.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010172.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: FW: 
302 
Date: Thu, 11 Nov 2021 17:34:33 +0000 
Attachments: (U) Interview of 
pdf 
Hi — can you please add t 
out today. 
witness and 3500 folder? This can be added to the production we are hoping to get 
From 
Sent: Thursda November 11, 2021 12:33 PM 
To 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: 
Here's the 3O2 
Detective 
NYPD / FBI 
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force 
Office: 
It's still awaiting supervisor sign off. I will try and find a relief supervisor to sign off on it tomorrow (it's a holiday so 
out). Will let you know. 
> On Nov 10, 2021, at 19:56, 
mote: 
> CAUTION! EXTERNAL SENDER 
> STOP WHEN UNSURE. Never click on links or open attachments if sender is unknown, and never provide user ID or 
password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishingPnypd.org 
> H 
> Just checking in on this. When will you get this to us? 
EFTA00010172
--- PAGE 2 ---
> Thanks, 
EFTA00010173


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010174.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010174.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fact Witness Travel Request (Domestic Witness Travel) 
AUSA, see instructions below. 
To: 
SDNY Victim/Witness Unit 
From: AUSA 
Date: November 11, 2021 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
Court Docket No: 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
USA° No: 2018R01618 
Witness Name: 
Witness DOB: 
(Name/DOB as printed here will be forwarded to travel agency and then to TSA and must exactly 
match the witness's driver's license or other travel ID or TSA will not permit the witness to fly.) 
Witness Address: 
Witness TelNos (mob e 
Witness e-mail: 
Witness Needed to Appear in SDNY on 
Date: 
Time: 
Witness Needed to Appear for: 
Trial ( X ) 
Date: 
Grand Jury ( ) 
Date: 
Trial Prep ( X ) 
Date: 
Estimated Dates Witness will Arrive: 
Depart: 
Is the person a Fact Witness and not an Expert Witness? 
(Yes/No): 
Current Federal Civilian or Military Employee? 
(Yes/No): 
Is the Witness Facing Criminal Charges? 
(Yes/No): 
Does the Witness Reside Outside the Continental United States? 
(Yes/No): 
Is this Witness a Victim-Witness? 
(Yes/No): 
Hotel Required? 
(Yes/No): 
Has the Witness advised you of any unusual travel expenses? 
(Yes/No): 
Unusual expenses of fact witnesses can include 
• 
special travel arrangements 
• 
care for dependent child or incapacitated family member left at home 
• 
kennel fees for pets 
rev. 2019.11.19 
EFTA00010174
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
necessary travel companion 
• 
extra baggage (more than one bag) 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
For Victim-Witness Coordinator: 
I. (For UEFW other than travel, which must be itemized and approved in advance:) This UEFW 
is apparently within VWC approval authority and tentatively approved pending receipt(s) for 
UEFW expenses (Yes/No): 
2. Other VWC comments: 
VWC Initials and Date: 
Instructions to AUSA: 
• 
Use this form for all fact witnesses within the U.S. except government employees and military 
personnel, for whom a Request for Armed Forces or Government-Employee Witness should 
be used. 
• 
For foreign witnesses, use the International Witness Travel Request. Complete an Early or 
Extended stay memo if the witness is being brought in more than 3 business days prior to 
court/CI testimony. 
• 
Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
must be covered by the investigating component from litigative funds. See Ed Tyrrell. 
• 
See generally DOJ Instruction 1300.01.01 (approved 9/28/2018) and sources referenced 
therein. 
rev. 2019.11.19 
EFTA00010175


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010176.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010176.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fact Witness Travel Request (Domestic Witness Travel) 
AUSA, see instructions below. 
To: 
SDNY Victim/Witness Unit 
From: 
Date: November 11, 2021 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
Court Docket No: 
Cr. 330 (AN) 
USA° No: 
2018R01618 
Witness Name: 
Witness DOB: 
(Name/DOB as printed here will be forwarded to travel agency and then to TSA and must 
exactly match the witness's driver's license or other travel ID or TSA will not permit the 
witness to fly.) 
Witness Address: 
Witness TelNos mobile): 
Witness e-mail: 
Witness Needed to Appear in SDNY on 
Date: December 1, 2021 
Time: 2 p.m. 
Witness Needed to Appear for: 
Trial (X) 
Date: December 1, 2021 
Grand Jury ( ) 
Date: 
Trial/GJ Prep ( ) 
Date: 
Estimated Dates Witness will Arrive: December I, 2021 
Depart: December 3, 2021 (evening) 
Is the person a Fact Witness and not an Expert Witness? 
(Yes/No): Yes 
Current Federal Civilian or Military Employee? 
(Yes/No): No 
Is the Witness Facing Criminal Charges? 
(Yes/No): No 
Does the Witness Reside Outside the Continental United States? 
(Yes/No): No 
Is this Witness a Victim-Witness? 
(Yes/No): No 
Hotel Required? 
(Yes/No): Yes 
Has the Witness advised you of any unusual travel expenses? 
(Yes/No): No 
Unusual expenses of fact witnesses can include 
• 
special travel arrangements 
• 
care for dependent child or incapacitated family member left at home 
rev. 2019.11.19 
EFTA00010176
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
kennel fees for pets 
• 
necessary travel companion 
• 
extra baggage (more than one bag) 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
For Victim-Witness Coordinator: 
1. (For UEFW other than travel, which must be itemized and approved in advance:) This UEFW 
is apparently within VWC approval authority and tentatively approved pending receipt(s) for 
UEFW expenses (Yes/No): 
2. Other VWC comments: 
VWC Initials and Date: 
Instructions to AUSA: 
• 
Use this form for all fact witnesses within the U.S. except government employees and military 
personnel, for whom a Request for Armed Forces or Government-Employee Witness should 
be used. 
• 
For foreign witnesses, use the International Witness Travel Request. Complete an Early or 
Extended stay memo if the witness is being brought in more than 3 business days prior to 
court/GJ testimony. 
• 
Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
must be covered by the investigating component from litigative funds. See Ed Tyrrell. 
• 
See generally DOJ Instruction 1300.01.01 (approved 9/28/2018) and sources referenced 
therein. 
rev. 2019.11.19 
EFTA00010177


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010178.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010178.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To 
[Contractor] 
Cc: 
USANYS) [Contractor]' 
Subject: R 
Amazon return 
Date: Thu, 11 Nov 2021 18:42:58 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.11.11 Maxwell Discovery_Letter.docz 
SANYS 
SANYS) 
These returns have been stamped here: Usa.doj.govkcloucANYS StAndrews\ Shared \ USvEpstein-
2018R01618Wiscovery GM‘37 Twenty-Eighth Production 
Draft discovery cover letter is attached and saved here for your review. 
From: 
Sent: Thursda November 11, 20219:46 AM
To: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
C 
Subject: RE: Amazon return 
Thanks, Sunny! Yes, good to go with this production. 
From: 
USANYS) [Contractor] 
Sent: Thursday, November 11, 
To: 
alr) 
Subject: RE: Amazon return 
USANYS)
(USANYS) [Contractor 
(USANY 
USANYS) [Contractor] 
I've added it to the pending Rule 16 production and have saved it to the trial subpoena returns folder here: 
W.Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS\ StAndrews SharecAUSvEpstein-2018R0161MITriaNTrial Subpoena Returns\Amazon \ 2021.11.10 
Let me know if you want this pending Rule 16 production prepped to go out today with the 3500 and GX (right now the 
pending production just has these Amazon returns). 
From: 
Sent: Wednesda , November 10, 2 
. 
To: 
USANYS) [Contractor] 
USANYS) [Contractor] 
Cc: 
USANYS 
Subject: Amazon return 
Hey=nd 
Thanks again for all the help today! When you have a chance, would one of you mind adding this to the next Discovery 
folder and to a folder for Amazon subpoena returns? 
EFTA00010178
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ili 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Saint Andrews Plaza 
New York. New York 10007 
EFTA00010179


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010180.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010180.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The Si!lo J. Mollo Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
November 11, 2021 
BY ELECTRONIC MAIL 
Christian Everdell, Esq. 
Mark Cohen, Esq. 
Cohen & Gresser LLP 
Laura Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 
Bobbi Stemheim, Esq. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Dear Counsel: 
Today we are producing the materials listed in the below index. These materials are 
stamped with control numbers SDNY_GM_02771981 through SDNY_GM_02771983. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
2020 Protective Order in this case. This letter is itself designated as "confidential," because it 
includes information regarding records designated as "confidential" under the Protective 
Order. The Department of Justice directed this office to cease the dissemination of materials 
marked with the word "confidential" in order to avoid potential confusion with markings reserved 
for classified documents. Accordingly, in order to note the appropriate designation of this 
production under the operative Protective Order in this case, the materials being produced today 
are marked with the following label: "SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 
8, 9, 10, 15, and 17." This marking directly refers to the specific paragraphs of the Protective 
Order that govern today's production. 
An index of the materials contained in this production is below: 
EFTA00010180
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
Bates Start 
Bates End 
Summary Description 
Confidential Designation 
SDNY GM 02771981 SDNY GM 02771983 Amazon records 
Although the Government believes that all of these materials are also located in the Florida 
FBI file and were previously produced to you from that file in the fall of 2020, out of an abundance 
of caution, the Government is producing these records to you in the form in which they were stored 
in the files maintained by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida. The 
Government recognizes that its discovery obligations are ongoing and will promptly produce any 
additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate to reach out if 
you have any difficulty accessing these materials. 
Very truly yours, 
United States Attorney 
by:  
s/
IIIIIIII
ates Attorneys 
EFTA00010181


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010182.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010182.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: FW: 20cr330, US v. Maxwell 
Date: Thu, 11 Nov 2021 21:32:39 +0000 
Attachments: 20cr330_SEALED_Mem._Op_&_Order_11.11.21.pdf 
412 order from Judge Nathan about a new case the defense mentioned at argument. I think the main point of interest is 
the Court's understanding of our various concessions. 
From: Nathan NYSD Chambers ‹
> 
Sent: Thursday, November 11, 2021 4:26 PM 
To: Jeff Pagliuca <
>; Laura Menninger 
>; 
Subject: 20cr330, US v. Maxwell 
Counsel: 
Attached please find a sealed memorandum opinion and order issued by Judge Nathan. It will be docketed 
tomorrow morning after today's holiday. 
Sincerely, 
Chambers of the Hon. Alison J. Nathan 
EFTA00010182


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010183.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010183.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" 
To: 
Subject: Witness Travel Chart 
Date: Fri, 12 Nov 2021 00:26:19 +0000 
Attachments: Maxwell_Witnesses_and_Travel.docx 
Hi team, 
Since there are so many moving parts with travel and witnesses we would prefer not see each other, I started putting 
together a travel chart fo 
Attached and saved here: \ Usa.doj.gov\ clouaNYS\ StAndrews‘SharecRUSvEpstein-
2018R01618VTrial Order of Proof\Travel Chart fo=
 If you think this makes sense to send her (or at least have to 
talk her through), please feel free to edit/update. 
Thanks! 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York. New York 10007 
EFTA00010183


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010184.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010184.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
SANYS)"
To: 
USANYSI" 
Cc: 
Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to 
Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] 
Date: Sat, 13 Nov 2021 01:59:59 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.11.12_Maxwell_Response_to_Gov_Motion_to_Exclude_Dietz_and_Loflus.pdf; 
Ex._1.pdf; Ex._2.pdf 
['dine-Images: unage001.jpg 
■— thought you would want to review. thanks again for your help 
From: Nicole Simmon 
Sent: Friday, November 12, 2021 8:55 PM 
To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
.; Laura Menninger 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to Preclude Testimony of 
Dietz and Loftus] 
Dear Judge Nathan: 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Response to the Government's Motion In Limine to 
Preclude Expert Testimony of Dr. Park Dietz and Dr. Elizabeth Loftus along with supporting documents. Pursuant to our 
established protocol, we are submitting the Motion and Exhibits to the Court under temporary seal to allow the 
government to propose any redactions it deems necessary. 
Regards, 
Nicole 
Nicole Simmons 
Haddon, Morgan and 
Foreman, P.C. 
EFTA00010184


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010185.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010185.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) 
Date: Mon, 07 Dec 2020 22:03:44 +0000 
Attachments: GM RESPONSE_TO_MDC_LEGAL.pdf; ATT00001.htm 
Good afternoon-
Attached is a courtesy copy of today's ECF filing 
ii.itsonse to the MDC's letter. 
EFTA00010185


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010186.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010186.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Epstein-related does released by Second Circuit 
Date: Fri, 09 Aug 2019 15:43:03 +0000 
p”
Just FYI for everybody, today the Second Circuit has unsealed (and posted) a ton of documents from the
Ghislaine Maxwell libel lawsuit, so there likely will be a ton of reporting on that. Any reference to those new y-unsea e 
documents are separate from—and do not include—any filings we've made, and are independent of our case. 
(We have been aware of the litigation and generally aware of the filings, though it also won't hurt to have a bunch of 
journalists combing through them and reporting out interesting elements.) 
Anyway just wanted to note that there's likely to be a flood of attention to this development but that it's not anything new 
specifically from our investigation. 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010186


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010187.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010187.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
To: BRO-Le alVisit-S 
ov>, Achal Fernando-Peiris 
Cc: 
• BRO/Exec Assistant--
< 
i bop.gov>, ' 
Subject: URGENT REQUEST-GHISLAINE MAXWELL 02879-509 
Date: Fri, 20 Nov 2020 19:36:44 +0000 
My client -Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509- has been placed in quarantine 
due to contact with a corrections officer who became infected with COVID. 
I have not received notification that my scheduled legal visits-
for tomorrow 11/21 and next Saturday 11/28 from 12:30 pm - 3:00 pm-
but I assume they are cancelled. 
IN LIEU OF THE LEGAL VISITS - I AM REQUESTING LEGAL CALLS 
FOR TOMORROW AND NEXT SATURDAY FROM 12:30 -3:00 PM. 
There are time sensitive matters to be discussed. 
Thank you-
Bobbi 
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
ew 
Main: 
Cell: 
Fax: 
••Covid-19 Notice: The \Vest 19th Street office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. 
Please use entail or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being. 
This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
then delete this message. Thank you. 
On Nov 17, 2020, at 9:27 AM, BRO-LegalVisit-S < 
You are scheduled as follows 
Rkip.gov> wrote: 
November 21, 2020 
12:30 pm to 3:00 pm 
EFTA00010187
--- PAGE 2 ---
November 28, 2020 
12:30 pm to 3:00 pm 
Asia 
>> > BOBBI C STERNHEIM < 
Good afternoon-
I am counsel for 
Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509.
I am requesting a legal visit for: 
Saturday 11/21 @: 12:30 - 3:00 
and 
Saturday 11/29 0: 12:30 - 3:00. 
I possess a NYS Secure Pass. 
Please contact me with any questions. 
Thank you-
Bobbi 
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
Main: 
Cell: 
Fax: 
> 11/14/2020 6:09 PM > » 
This message and any attached documents contain information from the Low Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
thot may be confidential and/or privileged. 
if you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
if you have received this transmission in error, pleose notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
message. Thank you. 
EFTA00010188


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010189.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010189.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Cc: 
Subject: Letter re GM requests for redactions and in camera proceeding 
Date: Wed, 02 Dec 2020 15:13:45 +0000 
Attachments: 2020.11.30_Letter to_Judge_Nathan_re_Sealing_Exhibit_B.PDF; 
2020.11.30 Letter to_Judge_Nathan_re_Sealing.pdf; 
2020.11.25 Letter to_Judge_Nathan_re_Sealing_of Renewed_Bail_Motion.PDF; 
2020.11.30_Letter to_Judge_Nathan_re_Sealing_Exhibit_A.PDF; 
2020.12.0I_AJN_Order_directing_Gov't_to_Respond_to_GM_sealing_requests.pdf; 2020-
12-02_GM Jetter_regarding_defense_request_for_sealing_&_in_camera_hearing_vl.docx 
Chiefs, 
Attached for review is a draft letter responding to Maxwell's requests for redactions and an in camera proceeding. For 
reference, attached are the relevant filings and Judge Nathan's order directing us to respond. This is due today. 
Thanks, 
EFTA00010189


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010190.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010190.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00010190
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00010191
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00010192
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00010193


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010194.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010194.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 77 Filed 12/01/20 Page 1 of 1 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
United States of America, 
—v—
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant. 
USDC SDNY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILER 
DOC  
DATE FILED: 
12/1/20 
20-CR-330 (MN) 
ORDER 
ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: 
On November 25, 2020, the Defendant filed a letter request under seal. On November 
30, 2020, she filed a second letter request in which she proposed redactions on both letters. The 
Government is hereby ORDERED to respond to the Defendant's November 25, 2020 letter 
request and to the request for proposed redactions by no later than December 2, 2020. The 
letters shall be temporarily sealed while the Court resolves the redaction request. 
SO ORDERED. 
Dated: December 1, 2020 
New York, New York 
ALISON J. NATHAN 
United States District Judge 
I 
EFTA00010194


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010195.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010195.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 02 Dec 2020 15:28:25 +0000 
Attachments: 127128077929.pdt ATT00001.txt 
hftps://eanysd.uscourts.govidoc1/127128077929?caseid=539612&de_seq_num=2738cmagic_num= 12984963 
EFTA00010195


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010196.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010196.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 78 Filed 12/02/20 Page 1 of 2 
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The Silvio J. Mono Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York. New York 10007 
December 1, 2020 
BY ECF 
The Honorable Alison J. Nathan 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
United States Courthouse 
Foley Square 
New York, New York 10007 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Dear Judge Nathan: 
USDC SONY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC 0: 
DATE FILED: 1212120
The parties jointly submit this letter in response to the Court's November 24, 2020 order 
directing the parties to meet and confer regarding the defendant's request that the warden of the 
Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC") report directly to the Court and counsel on the 
defendant's conditions of detention. (Dkt. No. 76). Over the past week, the Government has 
spoken with MDC legal counsel regarding the defendant's conditions of confinement and has tried 
to gather additional information regarding the concerns raised by the defendant, which the 
Government has shared with defense counsel. The Government has also conferred with defense 
counsel three times regarding the same, as well as the defense's request relating to MDC Warden 
Heriberto Tellez. The parties have been unable to reach agreement. Our respective positions 
follow. 
The Government respectfully submits that the Court should allow MDC legal counsel to 
respond directly in writing to the Court and defense counsel regarding the concerns defense 
counsel has raised relating to the defendant's conditions of confinement. The Government 
understands that MDC legal counsel is prepared to submit a letter by this Friday, December 4, 
2020. Such a letter is the appropriate next step at this time, as it will allow the Court to hear 
directly from MDC legal counsel who can address the defendant's conditions of confinement. The 
letter will allow the Court to ascertain whether further inquiry, including a personal appearance by 
the Warden or other MDC personnel, is necessary. 
Moreover, the Government does not 
understand the concerns raised by the defense to implicate the defendant's access to legal materials 
or her ability to communicate with her counsel. As noted in the Government's letter dated 
November 23, 2020, the defendant continues to have more time to review her discovery than any 
other inmate at the MDC. The defendant also has as much, if not more, time as any other MDC 
inmate to communicate with her attorneys. (Dkt. No. 74). 
The defense disagrees. As communicated to the Government, the defense's position is as 
follows: Warden Heriberto Tellez should appear before the Court to directly address concerns 
regarding Ms. Maxwell's conditions of confinement, which specifically target her. On October 
29, 2020, the defense emailed a letter to Warden Tellez detailing the onerous and restrictive 
conditions, including but not limited to concerns regarding the supplemental camera; excessive 
EFTA00010196
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 78 Filed 12/02/20 Page 2 of 2 
Page 2 
searching (e.g., weekly body scan, 15-minute interval flashlight checks at night, and open-mouth 
inspection) despite being surveilled 24/7 by a dedicated three-guard security detail and two 
cameras; and the reason she is not being moved to the day room, which we understood was the 
original plan (and would reduce searching). Receipt of the letter was acknowledged, but to date 
there has been no response and little, if any, redress to the most serious conditions. Upon 
information and belief, decisions concerning Ms. Maxwell's specialized detention are made by 
Warden Tellez, or from others outside the MDC. A report from the MDC Legal Department would 
provide second-hand information. Accordingly, Warden Tellez should be directed to provide a 
first-hand accounting to the Court and counsel why Ms. Maxwell is being detained under such 
individualized conditions. 
Your consideration is greatly appreciated. 
Respectfully submitted, 
AUDREY STRAUSS 
Acting United States Attorney 
By: 
Assistant United States Attorneys 
Southern District of New York 
Tel: 
Cc: All Counsel of Record (By ECF) 
MDC legal counsel shall submit their 
letter to the Court by December 4, 
2020. Upon review of that letter, the 
Court will determine whether any 
additional information is required, 
either orally or in writing. 
SO ORDERED. 12/2/2020 
SO ORDERED. 
Alison J. Nathan, U.S.D.J. 
EFTA00010197


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010198.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010198.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00010198


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010199.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010199.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ma 
To: 
, 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell 
Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 12:40:53 +0000 
Not a problem. 
Best, 
>>> 
PM >» 
Hi all, 
" <
IIMIE> 
12/3/2020 5:24 
Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine 
Maxwell, which should arrive at the MDC tomorrow. This drive will 
replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the 
accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure 
Maxwell is given access to this drive? 
Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be 
mailed to the below address: 
Paralegal Specialist 
U.S. Attorneys Office, SDNY 
New York, NY 10007 
Thanks very much, as always, for your help. 
Best, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
New York, NY 10007 
mailto:
EFTA00010199


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010200.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010200.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: " 
)" < 
To:
Cc: 
" 
Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 14:39:49 +0000 
Thank you very much. 
Original Messa e 
From:
Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 7:41 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell 
Not a problem. 
Best, 
>>> 
PM >» 
Hi all, 
" 
12/3/2020 5:24 
Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the 
MDC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the 
accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? 
Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be mailed to the below address: 
Paralegal Specialist 
U.S. Attorne s Office, SDNY 
New York, NY 10007 
Thanks very much, as always, for your help. 
Best, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010200
--- PAGE 2 ---
New York, NY 10007 
mailto:
EFTA00010201


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010202.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010202.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Relativity Access -- Epstein SW Database 
Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 19:24:28 +0000 
Attachments: EOUSA_MEGA4_Account_Request_and_ROB_Form.pdf 
Hello, 
Please have the agent fill out the attached form. I will also need to know if the she has an (Phone or Android phone as it is 
needed for the RSA token. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 2:19 PM 
To
=111 
uj 
: neiatnrrcyccess 
ps ein aw Database 
Could you please assist us in obtaining a Relativity token for 
is copied here. 
Thanks very much, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
an FBI analyst working on this case with us? 
EFTA00010202


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010203.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010203.pdf
----------------------------------------
( 2 86$ Division MEGA4 Automated Litigation Support System 
Account Request and Approval Form 
For ( 2 8 6$ Division Users 
To be used for DOJ ( 2 8 6 $ Division employees and authorized 
( • 
FRMITWINAII I 
&DVH 3 tliffIFVKIRLP DARQ 
DJ NUMBER: 2442-0129 
CASE NAME: US V. Epstein 
LEAD ( 286$ DIVISION ATTORNEY NAME AND PHONE NUMBER: 
( 286$ CASE MANAGER NAME AND PHONE NUMBER: 
iCONECT 
RELATIVITY 
LIST OF SPECIFIC CASES/PROJECTS FOR WHICH ACCESS IS REQUIRED: 
US v. Epstein 
End User Information: 
FULL NAME: 
EOUSA SECTION: 
POSITION/TITLE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
BUILDING/LOCATION: 
EMAIL ADDRESS: 
APPROVED BY 
6,* 1$785( 
Date: 
MEGA4 System Access — EOUSA 
Page 1 of 8 
EFTA00010203
--- PAGE 2 ---
Department of Justice 
Information Technology (IT) Security 
Rules of Behavior (ROB) for General Users 
Version 7.0 
January 3, 2014 
I. Introduction 
The Rules of Behavior (ROB) for General Users pertain to the use, security, and acceptable level of risk 
for Department of Justice (DOJ) systems. The rules highlight that taking personal responsibility for the 
security of an information system and its data is an essential part of your job. As a user of the DOJ 
Information Technology (IT) data and systems, you are the first line of defense in support of DOJ's IT 
security. 
The intent of the ROB is to acknowledge users' receipt and understanding of applicable IT security 
requirements from various Federal and DOJ policies and procedures. These requirements include, but 
are not limited to, the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Circular A-130, OMB M-07-16, OMB 
M-05-08, the Privacy Act of 1974, DOJ Order 2640.2 (series), DOJ Order 2740.1 (series), and the DOJ 
IT Security Standard. 
Who is covered by these rules? 
These rules apply to all personnel (government employees and contractors) who perform general non-
privileged duties on DOJ information systems, access or use DOJ information, or provide IT services 
to DOJ — hereafter referred to as users. All users are required to review and provide signature or 
electronic verification acknowledging compliance with these rules to their respective Component IT 
Security representative. 
Certain authorized personnel may obtain limited exemptions for specific occurrences when performing 
official duties. These individuals must document situations where equipment and software limitations 
listed below prevent mission operations. In addition to this ROB, the user shall also agree to and 
provide signature or electronic verification acknowledging compliance for the Privileged User ROB. 
The system Authorizing Official (AO) will issue an exemption if the accepted risk(s) and justification 
is documented and appropriate'. 
What are the penalties for noncompliance? 
Non-compliance with requirements will be enforced through sanctions commensurate with the level of 
infraction. Actions may include a verbal or written warning, temporary suspension of system access or 
permanent revocation, reassignment to other duties, or termination, depending on the severity of the 
violation. In addition, activities that lead to or cause disclosure of classified information may result in 
criminal prosecution under the U.S. Code, Title 18, Section 798, and other applicable statutes. 
Unauthorized browsing or inspection of Federal Taxpayer Information (Internal Revenue Code Sec. 
7213A) is punishable with a fine of up to $1,000 and/or up to one year imprisonment. Unauthorized 
disclosure of Tax Return information (Internal Revenue Code Sec. 7213) is a felony punishable with a 
fine of up to $5,000 and up to five years in prison. In addition to these penalties, any Federal employee 
convicted under Sec. 7213 or Sec.7213A will be dismissed from employment. 
I For additional information on mobile device exemptions, please refer to the Department of Justice Mobile Device and Mobile 
Application Security Policy Instruction v2 (http://dojnet.doj.gov0md/irm/itsecurity/documents/FINAL-
D0J_Mobile_Device_and_Application_Security_Policy Instruction_v2.pdf). 
MEGA4 System Access — EOUSA 
Revised March 2014 
Page 2 of 8 
EFTA00010204
--- PAGE 3 ---
Department of Justice 
Information Technology (IT) Security 
Rules of Behavior (ROB) for General Users 
Version 7.0 
January 3, 2014 
II. User Responsibilities 
A. General 
I. Comply with all Federal laws and Department and Component policies and requirements, 
including DOJ Orders and Standards. Use DOJ information and information systems for lawful, 
official use, and authorized purposes only. 
2. Do not generate, download, store, copy, or transmit offensive or inappropriate information 
in any medium, to include e-mail messages, documents, images, videos, and sound files. 
3. Limit distribution of e-mail to only those with a "need to know." 
4. Do not open e-mails from suspicious sources (e.g., people you don't recognize, know, or 
normally communicate with) and do not visit untrusted or inappropriate websites (unless 
authorized). Only download permissible files from known and reliable sources and use virus-
checking procedures prior to file use. 
5. Protect and safeguard all DOJ information, including personally identifiable information 
(PII), commensurate with the sensitivity and value of the data at risk. Protect and safeguard 
all DOJ information and information systems from unauthorized access, unauthorized or 
inadvertent modification, disclosure, damage, destruction, loss, theft, denial of service, 
improper sanitization, and improper use. 
6. Verify that each computer-readable data extract containing sensitive PII data has been erased 
within 90 days of origination or that its use is still required. 
7. Upon discovery of a known or suspected security incident, report the incident to your Help Desk, 
Incident Response Representative, Justice Security Operations Center, Security Manager, or 
Supervisor. 
8. Immediately report lost or stolen devices (e.g., laptop, phone, tablet, thumb drive) to your Help 
Desk, Incident Response Representative, Justice Security Operations Center, Security Manager, 
or Supervisor. 
9. Encrypt all DOJ Sensitive but Unclassified (SBU) data on authorized mobile computers, laptops, 
tablets, and removable media (e.g., removable hard drives, thumb drives, and DVDs) using 
Department-approved solutions unless a waiver or policy exemption exists. For classified 
environments, follow the procedures required for those networks for data storage and transport. 
All data is considered sensitive unless designated as non-sensitive by the Component 
Director/Head/Office Head. 
10. Read and understand the DOJ security warning banner that appears prior to logging onto the 
system or mobile device. 
II. Screen-lock or log off your computer when leaving the work area, and remove your PIV card, if 
utilized. Log off when departing for the day. 
12. Keep all government-furnished equipment (GFE) mobile devices assigned to you in your 
MEGA4 System Access - EOUSA 
Page 3 of 8 
EFTA00010205
--- PAGE 4 ---
Department of Justice 
Information Technology (IT) Security 
Rules of Behavior (ROB) for General Users 
Version 7.0 
January 3, 2014 
physical presence whenever possible. When it is necessary for you to be away from your GFE, 
particularly at a non-secure location, secure all your portable electronic devices and removable 
media, preferably out-of-sight (e.g. in a locked container). 
13. Do not use Peer-to-Peer (P2P) technology on the Internet, such as Skype, BitTorrent, etc. P2P is 
forbidden throughout the Department unless the Department's Chief Information Officer (CIO) or 
designee approves a waiver. 
14. Do not auto-forward emails from your DOJ email account to your personal email account 
(e.g., Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail). 
15. Ensure that individuals have the proper clearance, authorization, and need-to-know before 
providing access to any DOJ information. 
16. Consent to monitoring and search of any IT equipment that is brought into, networked to, or 
removed from DOJ owned, controlled, or leased facilities consistent with employee and 
contractor consent obtained through log-on banners and DOJ policies. 
17. Properly mark and label classified and sensitive documents, electronic equipment, and media in 
accordance with the DOJ Security Program Operating Manual (SPOM) and DOJ Order 2620.7. 
18. Adhere to Separation of Duties principles. Understand conflict of interest in responsibilities, 
roles, and functions within a system or application (e.g., duties of the System Administrator 
and Information System Security Officer (ISSO) should not be combined). 
19. Do not change any configurations or settings of the operating system and security-related 
software, or circumvent and test the security controls of the system unless authorized. 
20. Do not bypass native mobile device operating system controls to gain increased privileges (i.e., 
jailbreaking or rooting the device). 
21. Do not use anonymizer sites on the Internet and bypass the Department security mechanisms 
designed to protect systems from malicious Internet sites. 
B. Classified Systems/Information 
22. Do not process classified information on an unclassified system unless authorization is 
obtained to support a specific job function. 
23. Send classified email only on systems authorized for that purpose and for the highest level of 
the classified data involved. 
24. When in use, operate IT systems only in those areas or facilities certified for the highest 
classification or sensitivity level of the information involved. When not in use, store a 
classified computer, hard drive, removable media, etc. in an approved security container or in a 
facility approved for open storage. 
25. Use classified laptops and similar devices in accordance with the DOJ Removable Media 
Requirements for Classified Systems, dated April 25, 2011. 
MEGA4 System Access - EOUSA 
Page 4 of 8 
EFTA00010206
--- PAGE 5 ---
Department of Justice 
Information Technology (IT) Security 
Rules of Behavior (ROB) for General Users 
Version 7.0 
January 3, 2014 
C. Passwords 
26. Adhere to at least the minimum password requirements for the system on which you are 
working. 
27. Change the default password upon receipt from system administrator. 
28. Do not share account passwords with anyone. 
29. Avoid using the same password for multiple accounts. 
D. Mobile Computing & Remote Access Users 
30. Use mobile GFE (e.g., laptop, tablet, smartphone) for official business and authorized uses. 
Mobile GFE is for use by DOJ personnel only (no spouses or relatives) and shall only connect 
through an authorized DOJ remote access network when accessing the Internet. 
31. Only authorized applications and software for mobile GFE can be downloaded and installed on 
DOJ devices, and only from DOJ-authorized sources. 
32. The use of Short Message Service (SMS) must be approved by the Authorizing Official. SMS 
messages are be limited to non-sensitive information. 
33. Only install DOJ-provided removable media, including memory and subscriber identity 
module (SIM) cards, on mobile GFE. 
34. Only connect to secure wireless networks where possible and take precautionary measures to 
prevent the compromise of DOJ data when insecure wireless networks must be used.2
35. Follow these guidelines unless explicitly authorized by the Authorizing Official to do 
otherwise: 
a. Do not connect non-DOJ mobile devices and/or accessories to DOJ networks. This includes 
mobile phones, tablets, laptops, Bluetooth devices, and other devices requiring both wired 
and wireless communication access. 
b. Do not enable mobile device tethering via Bluetooth, Universal Serial Bus (USB), or Wi-Fi 
hotspots on mobile GFE. 
c. Do not access non-Government cloud-based services-such as DropBox and iCloud—from 
mobile GFE. 
d. Do not connect mobile GFE to non-DOJ information systems, to include personal 
computers. 
L Virtual Conferencing 
36. Hosts and presenters must provide participants with advance notice if the virtual conference 
session is being recorded. 
For additional information, please refer to the Department of Justice Secure Use of Wireless Networks FAQ at 
http://dojnet.doj.gov/jmcUirm/itsecurity/ises_team.php. 
MEGA4 System Access — EOUSA 
Page 5 of 8 
EFTA00010207
--- PAGE 6 ---
Department of Justice 
Information Technology (IT) Security 
Rules of Behavior (ROB) for General Users 
Version 7.0 
January 3, 2014 
37. Do not access a virtual conference presentation using an account with elevated privileges. 
38. Limit presentation information to only that which is authorized for dissemination. 
39. Delete all DOJ information on a provider's web site immediately upon the end of a virtual 
conference. 
40. Do not install any agents or other software designed to enhance or aid in virtual conferencing. 
41. Employ strong participant authentication mechanisms (i.e., multi-factor authentication, 
creating a pin, unique login credentials, etc.). 
42. Enable logging and archiving to provide auditability of participant and host activity, as well as 
enable/disable meeting functions (e.g., upload, download, desktop sharing). 
F. Hardware 
43. Do not add, modify, or remove hardware, or connect unauthorized accessories or 
communications connections to DOJ IT resources unless specifically authorized. 
44. Do not access the internal components of the computer, or remove the computer or its hard 
drive from DOJ facilities unless specifically authorized. 
45. Wipe all devices prior to reissue. There is no expectation of maintaining any personal 
information, data, or applications on these devices. 
G. Software 
46. Do not copy or distribute intellectual property — including music, software, documentation, 
and other copyrighted materials — without permission or license from the copyright owner. 
Use Dal-licensed and authorized software only. 
47. Do not install or update any software unless specifically authorized. 
48. Do not attempt to access any electronic audit trails that may exist on the computer unless 
specifically authorized. 
H. Remote Web Access 
49. Follow your organization's telework guidelines when working remotely and/or accessing DOJ 
information remotely. 
50. Ensure the confidentiality of government information when using remote web access (e.g., 
OWA) from a non-GFE client (public or private). This includes the following: 
a. When downloading attachments to registered non-GFE private computers, immediately 
remove any extraneous attachments, encrypt them locally, or transfer them to an approved 
encrypted USB drive. 
b. Delete attachments when finished on registered non-GFE private computers. 
c. Do not download attachments on unregistered non-GFE public computers. 
MEGA4 System Access -EOUSA 
Page 6 of 8 
EFTA00010208
--- PAGE 7 ---
Department of Justice 
Information Technology (IT) Security 
Rules of Behavior (ROB) for General Users 
Version 7.0 
January 3, 2014 
51. Do not print emails in public areas and with public non-GFE printers. Users may print with 
non-GFE private printers at home. Users will be held responsible for the compromise of 
Government information through negligence or a willful act. 
52. Maintain a reasonable security posture (i.e., updated antivirus, local firewall, updated OS and 
software patch levels) on registered non-GFE private computers used for remote access. 
I. Traveling Users 
53. The Component Mobile Computing Operations Manager, or equivalent, shall notify the JSOC, 
or an equivalent authorized SOC in advance, if you intend to travel to a foreign country with a 
DOJ laptop that will accompany you during any portion of travel with the intended dates and 
location(s) of travel. For travel to countries designated as high-risk counter-intelligence, the 
use of mobile devices must be approved by the DOJ CISO prior to travel. Requests are 
processed via email to both the DOJ ITSS Director and the DOJ ITSS Deputy Director.;
54. Minimize the information on your IT system to what is required to perform a particular 
mission while travelling and destroy copies of sensitive data when no longer needed. 
55. Shut down IT devices when not in use or no longer needed. If the IT device is needed but not 
the associated network capability, turn off/disable the network/wireless network functionality.4
56. Assume all communications (including cellular services) are being intercepted and read when 
on travel in a foreign country. 
57. Keep your remote access token separate from the laptop/tablet (preferably on you) when 
possible. 
J. Personally Identifiable Information 
58. Safeguard against breaches of information involving PII, which refers to information that can 
be used alone or combined with other information that can distinguish or trace an individual's 
identity—such as a name, social security number, biometric records, the date and place of 
birth, mother's maiden name, etc. 
59. Report all breaches of information involving PII to JSOC through your Component's standard 
procedures. 
For additional information on foreign travel requirements, please refer to the Foreign Travel Laptop Use and Foreign Travel 
Laptop Use Waiver Request forms (http://dojnet.doj.gov/jmdfirm/itsecurity/jsoc-cyber-defense.php). For additional 
information on the use of mobile devices during foreign travel, please refer to the Mobile Device and Mobile Application 
Security Policy Instruction (http://dojnet.doj.govijmd/irrn/itsecurity/documents/FINAL-
DOJ_Mobile_Device_and_Application_Security_Policy Instruction_v2.pdf). 
For additional information, please refer to the Department of Justice Secure Use of Wireless Networks FAQ at 
http://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/irm/itsecurity/ises_team.php. 
MEGA4 System Access — EOUSA 
Page 7 of 8 
EFTA00010209
--- PAGE 8 ---
Department of Justice 
Information Technology (IT) Security 
Rules of Behavior (ROB) for General Users 
Version 7.0 
January 3, 2014 
60. Access, maintain, store, or transmit PII that you are given explicit authorization to and ensure 
you meet required security controls! 
61. Disclose PII in accordance with appropriate legal authorities and the Privacy Act of 1974. 
62. Dispose of and retain records in accordance with applicable record schedules, National 
Archives and Records Administration guidelines and Department Policies.6
63. Do not perform unauthorized querying, review, inspection, or disclosure of Federal Taxpayer 
Information.' (See Internal Revenue Code Sec. 7213 and 7213A at 
http://www.irs.gov/irm/partl Virm 11-003-001 .hunl#d0e176) 
I acknowledge receipt and understand my responsibilities as identified above. Additionally, this 
acknowledgment accepts my responsibility to ensure the protection of PII that I may handle. I will 
comply with the DOJ IT Security ROB for General Users, Version 7.0, dated January 3, 2014. 
Signature 
Date 
Printed Name 
Component and Sub-Component 
Note: Statement of acknowledgement may be made by signature if the ROB for General Users is 
reviewed in hard copy or by email/electronic acknowledgement if reviewed online. All users are 
required to review and provide their signature or electronic verification acknowledging compliance 
with these rules. Users with privileged accesses and permissions shall also agree to and sign the ROB 
for Privileged Users. If you have questions related to this ROB, please contact your Help Desk, 
Security Manager, or Supervisor. 
The Department has the right, reserved or otherwise, to update the ROB to ensure it remains compliant 
with all applicable laws, regulations, and DOJ Standards. Updates to the ROB will be communicated 
through the Department's ISES Team Lead and Component Training Coordinators. 
$ For additional guidance on P11, please refer to Information Technology Security, DOJ Order 2640.2F 
(https://portal.doj.govisitesidmidm/Directives/2640.2F.pdf). 
° For disposal guidance, please refer to Records Management, DOJ Order 2710.11 
(https://portal.doj.govisitesidmidm/Directives/2710.11.pdf). 
For additional information on disclosure of federal taxpayer information, please refer to Internal Revenue Code Sec. 7213 and 
7213A (http://wwwirs.goviirm/part 1 1/irm_11-003-001.htmllid0e176). 
MEGA4 System Access — EOUSA 
Page 8 of 8 
EFTA00010210


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010211.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010211.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To• Ir> 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 19:04:28 +0000 
Attachments: Ltr to_Hon_Nathan_12.04.20.pdf 
Attached please find the letter to Hon. Nathan. 
Best, 
Staff Attorney 
Department of Justice 
Federal Bureau of Prisons 
Metro litan Detention Center Brooklyn 
Brook) n, New York 11232 
SENSITIVE/PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION 
The information contained in this electronic message and any and all 
accompanying documents constitutes sensitive information. This 
information is the property of the U.S. Department of Justice. If you 
are not the intended recipient of this information, any disclosures, 
copying, distribution, or the taking of any action in reliance on this 
information is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in 
error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return 
to us. 
>» 
AM >» 
Thank you very much. 
" cas 
12/4/2020 9:39 
Original Messa e 
From: 
Sent: Frida , December 4, 2020 7:41 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
• 
• 
EFTA00010211
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell 
Not a problem. 
Best, 
>>> 
PM >» 
Hi all, 
" <
IIMIE> 
12/3/2020 5:24 
Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine 
Maxwell, which should arrive at the MDC tomorrow. This drive will 
replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the 
accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure 
Maxwell is given access to this drive? 
Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be 
mailed to the below address: 
Paralegal Specialist 
U.S. Attorney's Office, SDNY 
New York, NY 10007 
Thanks very much, as always, for your help. 
Best, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
mailto:
EFTA00010212


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010213.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010213.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Maxwell trial fact witness travel - 
Date: Fri, 12 Nov 2021 23:14:05 +0000 
Attachments 
- Fact Witness Travel_Request_(trial).docx 
His 
Attached please find a fact witness travel request for another witness in the Maxwell trial— 
I expect he'll 
testify on 12/8, but he could possible bleed over into 12/9. I need to prep with him on 12/7, an 
e s not vaccinated, so 
we'll need to get him a COVID test before he can testify. Given that plan, I'd like to have him fly in the evening of 12/6 and 
out on the evening of 12/9. 
It is very important that _not 
run into 
or any of their family. 
is 
ex, and they do 
not know that 
is coming up to NY to testi . So wou you please make sure tha 
stays at a hotel that is far 
away from anywhere you might put 
and their kids? 
Thanks so much, 
EFTA00010213


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010214.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010214.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fact Witness Travel Request (Domestic Witness Travel) 
AUSA, see instructions below. 
To: 
SDNY Victim/Witness Unit 
From: 
Date: November 12, 2021 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
Court Docket No: 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
USA° No: 2018R01618 
Witness Name: 
Witness DOB: 
(Name/DOB as printed here will be forwarded to travel agency and then to TSA and must exactly 
match the witness's driver's license or other travel ID or TSA will not permit the witness to fly.) 
Witness Address: 
Witness TelNos (mobile 
Witness e-mail: 
Witness Needed to Appear in SDNY on 
Date: December 7, 2021 
Time: 9 AM 
Witness Needed to Appear for: 
Trial ( X ) 
Date: December 8-9, 2021 all day 
Grand Jury ( ) 
Date: 
Trial Prep ( X ) 
Date: December 7, 2021 at 9 AM 
Estimated Dates Witness will Arrive: 
December 6, 2021 (evening) 
Depart: 
December 9, 2021 (evening) 
Is the person a Fact Witness and not an Expert Witness? 
(Yes/No): 
Yes 
Current Federal Civilian or Military Employee? 
(Yes/No): 
No 
Is the Witness Facing Criminal Charges? 
(Yes/No): 
No 
Does the Witness Reside Outside the Continental United States? 
(Yes/No): 
No 
Is this Witness a Victim-Witness? 
(Yes/No): 
No 
Hotel Required? 
(Yes/No): 
Yes 
Has the Witness advised you of any unusual travel expenses? 
(Yes/No): 
No 
Unusual expenses of fact witnesses can include 
• 
special travel arrangements 
• 
care for dependent child or incapacitated family member left at home 
• 
kennel fees for pets 
rev. 2019.11.19 
EFTA00010214
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
necessary travel companion 
• 
extra baggage (more than one bag) 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
For Victim-Witness Coordinator: 
I. (For UEFW other than travel, which must be itemized and approved in advance:) This UEFW 
is apparently within VWC approval authority and tentatively approved pending receipt(s) for 
UEFW expenses (Yes/No): 
2. Other VWC comments: 
VWC Initials and Date: 
Instructions to AUSA: 
• 
Use this form for all fact witnesses within the U.S. except government employees and military 
personnel, for whom a Request for Armed Forces or Government-Employee Witness should 
be used. 
• 
For foreign witnesses, use the International Witness Travel Request. Complete an Early or 
Extended stay memo if the witness is being brought in more than 3 business days prior to 
court/CI testimony. 
• 
Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
must be covered by the investigating component from litigative funds. See Ed Tyrrell. 
• 
See generally DOJ Instruction 1300.01.01 (approved 9/28/2018) and sources referenced 
therein. 
rev. 2019.11.19 
EFTA00010215


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010216.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010216.pdf
----------------------------------------
November 12 2021MVTC prep 
AU 
S 
Attorne 
Prepared for trial testimony. 
was shown following GX and confirmed recognized: 
• 
GX-113 — VR 
• 
GX-114 — VR 
• 
GX-112 — JE 
• 
GX-327 
• 
GX-110
 believes 
• 
GX-12 
ull name 
.different/clarifying statements below: 
• 
In or around 1998,Mbelieves JE started going to USVI most weekends 
• Erecalls that pilots had beepers earlier on to notify of flights, then had cellphones later 
on 
EFTA00010216


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010217.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010217.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Simmons 
To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
Laura Menninger' 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Moth 
to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] 
Date: Sat, 13 Nov 2021 01:54:30 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.11.12_Maxwell_Response_to_Gov_Motion_to_Exclude_Dietz_and_Loftus.pdf; 
Ex._1.pdf; Ex._2.pdf 
Inline-Images: image001.jpg 
Dear Judge Nathan: 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Response to the Government's Motion In Limine to 
Preclude Expert Testimony of Dr. Park Dietz and Dr. Elizabeth Loftus along with supporting documents. Pursuant to our 
established protocol, we are submitting the Motion and Exhibits to the Court under temporary seal to allow the 
government to propose any redactions it deems necessary. 
Regards, 
Nicole 
Nicole Simmons 
Haddon. Morgan and 
Foreman, P.C. 
EFTA00010217


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010218.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010218.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ann Lundberg 
Subject: RE: questionnaires 
Date: Sat, 13 Nov 2021 23:08:15 +0000 
Attachments: 2021-11-13 joint_letter regarding_ juror questionnaires.pdf 
Laura, 
Attached is a draft of the joint letter. Please note that we've joined the defense's position with respect to the prospective 
jurors with numbers 626, 629, 632, 640, 643, 646, 649, 657, 681, 682, 647, and 655. 
From: Laura Menninger 
Sent: Saturday, November 13, 2021 5:24 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
) 
cM
> 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] RE: questionnaires 
Hi 
;Jeff Pagliuca 
); Ann Lundberg <
Checking in. Do you have the compiled lists ready for us to review yet? 
-Laura 
From: 
Sent: Saturday, November 13, 2021 11:31 AM 
To: Laura Menninger 
Cc: 
> 
(USANYS) < 
Subject: RE: questionnaires 
Thanks, that's helpful. Attached is our list. 
From: Laura Menninger 
Sent: Saturday, November 13, 2021 12:45 PM 
To: 
I *c
>; 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Jeff Pagliuca 
;Jeff Pagliuca 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] RE: questionnaires 
EFTA00010218
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please let me know when you're ready to exchange the last batch of juror questionnaire positions. We have prepared 
ours in Excel this time and hope that will be easier for you to import. 
Thank you, 
Laura 
Laura A. Henninger I Partner 
Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
From: 
Sent: Friday, November 12, 2021 12:00 PM 
To: 
Laura Menninger 
Jeff Pagliuca 
Cc: 
(USANYS) c
e; 
Subject: questionnaires 
All, 
The prospective juror questionnaires completed today are available on USAfx. We will let you know when printed copies 
are available for pickup. If you could please send us your list of objections by tomorrow at 1 p.m., we can handle putting 
together the joint letter to the Court, in the same process as before. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010219


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010220.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010220.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
"
To 
(USANYS)" alMIIM> 
Subject: travel request 
Date: Sun, 14 Nov 2021 21:02:48 +0000 
Attachments: Fact_ Witness_ Travel_Requestitrial).docx 
Hi= 
Attached is a travel request for a trial witness — he's one of the eo le we discussed on Fri 
. He requested if possible 
that he stay on a higher floor of a hotel, since he's a 
and may need to 
remotely while he's here. 
Thanksl 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00010220


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010221.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010221.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fact Witness Travel Request (Domestic Witness Travel) 
AUSA, see instructions below. 
To: 
SDNY Victim/Witness Unit 
From: AUSA 
Date: November 14, 2021 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
Court Docket No: 20 Cr. 330 
USA° No: 2018R01618 
Witness Nam 
Witness DOB 
(Name/DOB as printed here will be forwarded to travel agency and then to TSA and must exactly 
match the witness's driver's license or other travel ID or TSA will not permit the witness lofty.) 
Witness Address: 
Witness TelNos (mobile): 
Witness e-mail: 
Witness Needed to Appear in SDNY on 
Date: December 5, 2021 
Time: 5 PM 
Witness Needed to Appear for: 
Trial ( ) 
Date: December 5, 2021 
Grand Jury ( ) 
Date: 
Trial/GJ Prep ( X ) 
Date: 
Estimated Dates Witness will Arrive: December 5, 2021 
Depart: December 8, 2021 
Is the person a Fact Witness and not an Expert Witness? 
(Yes/No): 
Yes 
Current Federal Civilian or Military Employee? 
(Yes/No): 
No 
Is the Witness Facing Criminal Charges? 
(Yes/No): 
No 
Does the Witness Reside Outside the Continental United States? 
(Yes/No): 
No 
Is this Witness a Victim-Witness? 
(Yes/No): 
No 
Hotel Required? 
(Yes/No): 
Yes 
Has the Witness advised you of any unusual travel expenses? 
(Yes/No): 
No 
Unusual expenses of fact witnesses can include 
• 
special travel arrangements 
rev. 2019.11.19 
EFTA00010221
--- PAGE 2 ---
• 
care for dependent child or incapacitated family member left at home 
• 
kennel fees for pets 
• 
necessary travel companion 
• 
extra baggage (more than one bag) 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
For Victim-Witness Coordinator: 
I. (For UEFW other than travel, which must be itemized and approved in advance:) This UEFW 
is apparently within VWC approval authority and tentatively approved pending receipt(s) for 
UEFW expenses (Yes/No): 
2. Other VWC comments: 
VWC Initials and Date: 
Instructions to AUSA: 
• 
Use this form for all fact witnesses within the U.S. except government employees and military 
personnel, for whom a Request for Armed Forces or Government-Employee Witness should 
be used. 
• 
For foreign witnesses, use the International Witness Travel Request. Complete an Early or 
Extended stay memo if the witness is being brought in more than 3 business days prior to 
court/al testimony. 
• 
Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for inves • 
• 
• 
iews, 
must be covered by the investigating component from litigative funds. See 
• 
See generally DOJ Instruction 1300.01.01 (approved 9/28/2018) and sources referenced 
therein. 
rev. 2019.11.19 
EFTA00010222


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010223.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010223.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Simmons 
To: Nathan NYSD Chambers < 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
, Laura Menninger 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp Ltrs. re. Co-
Conspirator Statements and Ex. 52] 
Date: Mon, 15 Nov 2021 22:55:29 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.11.15 JSP_Ltr._re Rule 801(d)(2)(e).pdf; 2021.11.15 JSP_Ltr._re._EX._52.pdf 
Inline-Images: image001.jpg 
Dear Judge Nathan: 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Letters in Response to (1) The Government's 
Justification for Admission of Co-Conspirator Statements and (2) The Government's Justification for Admission of Exhibit 
52. 
Pursuant to our established protocol, we are submitting the Letters to the Court under temporary seal to allow the 
government to propose any redactions it deems necessary. 
Regards, 
Nicole 
Nicole Simmons 
Haddon, Morgan and 
Foreman, P.C. 
150 East 10th Avenue 
Denver, Colorado 
80203 
FX 
www.h
EFTA00010223


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010224.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010224.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT 1 
EFTA00010224
--- PAGE 2 ---
AO 89B (07/16) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information. or Objects in a Criminal Case 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of New York 
To: 
United States of America 
Ghislame Maxwell 
Defendant 
) ) ) ) ) 
Case No. 20CR330 (MN) 
SUBPOENA TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION, OR 
OBJECTS IN A CRIMINAL CASE 
(Name of person to whom this subpoena is directed) 
YOU ARE COMMANDED to produce at the time, date, and place set forth below the following books, papers, 
documents, data, or other objects: 
See Attachment A 
place: United States District Court 
Southern District of New York, Courtroom 318 
Foley Square, New York, NY 10007 
Certain provisions of Fed. R. Crim. P. 17 are attached, including Rule 17(c)(2), relating to your ability to file a 
motion to quash or modify the subpoena; Rule 17(d) and (e), which govern service of subpoenas; and Rule 17(g), 
relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so. 
Date: 
(SEAL) 
Date and Time: 11/29/2021 8:30 am 
CLERK OF COURT 
Signature of Clerk or Depury, Clerk 
The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing blame of party) 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
, who requests this subpoena, are: 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca. Haddon, Morgan & Foreman P.C., 150 East 10th Ave., Denver, Colorado 80203, 
Notice to those who use this form to request a subpoena 
Before requesting and serving a subpoena pursuant to Fed. R. Crim. P. 17(c), the party seeking the subpoena is advised to 
consult the rules of practice of the court in which the criminal proceeding is pending to determine whether any local rules 
or orders establish requirements in connection with the issuance of such a subpoena. If no local rules or orders govern 
practice under Rule 17(c), counsel should ask the assigned judge whether the court regulates practice under Rule 17(c) to 
1) require prior judicial approval for the issuance of the subpoena, either on notice or ex parte; 2) specify where the 
documents must be returned (e.g., to the court clerk, the chambers of the assigned judge, or counsel's office); and 3) 
require that counsel who receives produced documents provide them to opposing counsel absent a disclosure obligation 
under Fed. R. Crim. P. 16. 
Please note that Rule 17(c) (attached) provides that a subpoena for the production of certain information about a victim 
may not be issued unless first approved by separate court order. 
EFTA00010225
--- PAGE 3 ---
AO 89B (07.16) Subpoena to Produce Documents. Inform/mot or Objects m a Criminal Case (Page 2) 
Case No 
20CR330 (AJN) 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
This subpoena for (name of individual and title, if any) 
was received by me on (date) 
O I served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named person as follows: 
O I returned the subpoena unexecuted because: 
on (date) 
: or 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf of the United States, or one of its officers or agents. I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
My fees are $ 
Date: 
for travel and $ 
for services, for a total of $ 
I declare under penalty of perjtuy that this information is true. 
0.00 
Server's signature 
Printed name and title 
Additional information regarding attempted service. etc.: 
Server's address 
Print 
Save As... 
Add Attachment 
Reset 
EFTA00010226
--- PAGE 4 ---
AO 89B (07/16) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information, or Objects in a Criminal Case (Page 3) 
Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 17 (c), (d), (e), and (g) (Effective 12/1/08) 
(c) Producing Documents and Objects. 
(I) In General. A subpoena may order the witness to produce any books, papers, documents, data, or other objects the subpoena 
designates. The court may direct the witness to produce the designated items in court before trial or before they are to be offered in 
evidence. When the items arrive, the court may permit the parties and their attorneys to inspect all or part of them. 
(2) Quashing or Modifying the Subpoena. On motion made promptly, the court may quash or modify the subpoena if compliance 
would be unreasonable or oppressive. 
(3) Subpoena for Personal or Confidential Information About a Victim. After a complaint, indictment, or information is filed, a 
subpoena requiring the production of personal or confidential information about a victim may be served on a third party only by court 
order. Before entering the order and unless there are exceptional circumstances, the court must require giving notice to the victim so that 
the victim can move to quash or modify the subpoena or otherwise object. 
(d) Service. A marshal, a deputy marshal, or any nonparty who is at least 18 years old may serve a subpoena. The server must deliver a copy 
of the subpoena to the witness and must tender to the witness one day's witness-attendance fee and the legal mileage allowance. The server 
need not tender the attendance fee or mileage allowance when the United States, a federal officer, or a federal agency has requested the 
subpoena. 
(e) Place of Service. 
(I) In the United States. A subpoena requiring a witness to attend a hearing or trial may be served at any place within the United 
States. 
(2) In a Foreign Country. If the witness is in a foreign country, 28 U.S.C. § 1783 governs the subpoena's service. 
(g) Contempt. The court (other than a magistrate judge) may hold in contempt a witness who, without adequate excuse, disobeys a subpoena 
issued by a federal court in that district. A magistrate judge may hold in contempt a witness who, without adequate excuse, disobeys a 
subpoena issued by that magistrate judge as provided in 28 U.S.C. § 636(e). 
EFTA00010227
--- PAGE 5 ---
ATTACHMENT A 
DEFINITIONS 
I. "You" or "Your" means any owner, shareholder, partner or employee of the Epstein Victim's 
Compensation Program ("EVCP"), and any former owner, shareholder, partner or employee 
of the EVCP. 
2. "Accusers" or "Accuser means 
3. Attorneys means legal counsel for any Accuser or the EVCP. 
4. "Communication" means all forms of correspondence, including regular mail, email, text 
message, memorandum, or other written communication of information of any kind. 
5. "EVCP Material" refers to any submission to the Epstein Victim's Compensation Program 
made by an Accuser, including any claims on behalf of persons who have accused Jeffrey 
Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell of any misconduct, any releases signed by an Accuser or their 
Attorneys, and any compensation received by an Accuser. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
I. Production of documents and items requested herein shall be made in person to United States 
District Court, Southern District of New York, 40 Foley Square, New York, NY 10007, 
Courtroom 318. 
2. This Request calls for the production of all responsive Documents in Your possession, 
custody or control without regard to the physical location of such documents. 
3. If any Document was in your possession or control, but is no longer, state what disposition 
was made of said Document, the reason for the disposition, and the date of such disposition. 
4. In producing Documents, if the original of any Document cannot be located, a copy shall be 
produced in lieu thereof, and shall be legible and bound or stapled in the same manner as the 
original. 
5. Any copy of a Document that is not identical shall be considered a separate document. 
6. All Documents shall be produced in the same order as they are kept or maintained by You in 
the ordinary course of business. 
7. Responsive electronically stored information (ESI) shall be produced in its native form; that 
is, in the form in which the information was customarily created, used and stored by the 
native application employed by the producing party in the ordinary course of business. 
8. Defendant does not seek and does not require the production of multiple copies of identical 
Documents. 
9. This Request is deemed to be continuing. If, after producing these Documents, you obtain or 
EFTA00010228
--- PAGE 6 ---
become aware of any further information, Documents, things, or information responsive to 
this Request, you are required to so state by supplementing your responses and producing 
such additional Documents to Defendant. 
DOCUMENTS OR THINGS TO BE PRODUCED 
I. Any and all EVCP Material submitted by each Accuser, not limited to Claim Forms and 
supporting submissions made by each Accuser; 
2. Communications between the EVCP to each of the Accusers and/ or their Attorneys; 
3. Copies of any payments to the Accusers and their Attorneys; 
4. Any and All Releases executed by the Accusers. 
EFTA00010229
--- PAGE 7 ---
EXHIBIT 1 
EFTA00010230
--- PAGE 8 ---
Independent 
Epstein Victims' Compensation Program 
PROTOCOL 
May 29, 2020 
I. 
PURPOSE AND OVERVIEW 
The Epstein Victims' Compensation Program (the "Program") is a voluntary, independent Program that 
has been established to compensate and resolve the claims of victims-survivors of sexual abuse by 
Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"). 
The Estate of Jeffrey Epstein (the "Estate") has retained the services of nationally recognized claims 
administration'. Kenneth R. Feinberg, Camille S. Biros and 
to design the 
Program. Ms. 
will also serve as the Administrator of the Program (the "Administrator"). This 
Protocol reflects input from victims-survivors, their lawyers, other potentially interested parties, and 
representatives of the Estate. 
Through the Program, the Estate wishes to acknowledge the wrongs endured by victims-survivors and 
offer them an opportunity to voluntarily resolve their individual claims for such sexual abuse. 
The Program is governed by the following non-exclusive guiding principles: 
• The Program is purely voluntary. It does not affect any rights a Claimant may have 
unless and until the Claimant accepts the offered compensation and executes a 
Release. 
A Claimant may reject the offer of compensation and may stop 
participating in the Program and withdraw the claim at any time prior to execution 
of the Release. 
• 
The Program is independent and will in no way be administered, controlled or 
overseen by the Estate. The Administrator is responsible for all decisions relating to 
the review, processing and evaluation of individual claims submitted to the 
Program. The Administrator will have final, binding and exclusive authority to 
determine Claimant eligibility and the valuation of each eligible individual claim. 
Decisions of the Administrator made pursuant to this Protocol are not subject to 
review or modification in any way by the Estate or any other party or entity. 
• 
There is no cap or limitation on the aggregate amount of funds available to 
compensate all eligible Claimants or on the amount of compensation to be made to 
each individual Claimant. Each individual claim will be evaluated separately by the 
Administrator. 
The Administrator will determine, in her sole and exclusive 
discretion, issues of eligibility and the amount of compensation and the Estate will 
pay all eligible claims based on the Administrators determination. 
II Page 
EFTA00010231
--- PAGE 9 ---
• 
All Claimants will be treated with respect, dignity and fairness without regard to 
race, color, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, gender or disability. To 
ensure claims will be adjudicated fairly, the Administrator will manage the process 
so that all Claimants can equally access the Program's claim process. Individuals 
with disabilities will be given the opportunity to effectively communicate their 
claims and to request special process accommodations. 
The Program is available to all victims-survivors regardless of where they were harmed, when they were 
harmed, whether the claim is time-barred by the applicable statute of limitations, and whether they 
have previously filed a lawsuit against or settled with Epstein and/or the Estate. 
The exclusive claims period for filing a claim pursuant to this Protocol shall commence on the to-be-
determined Effective Date and shall conclude nine (9) months after that date ("Filing Deadline"). All 
individual claims filed with the Program must be filed within this period. 
To complement the Program's resources, the Administrator will, at her discretion and with the consent 
of the Claimant, consult with Professor Marci A. Hamilton, a nationally recognized sexual abuse expert, 
leading legal academic and advocate of victims' rights. Ms. Hamilton's role will be to further inform the 
Administrator and her staff about the dynamics of sexual abuse, common responses to sexual abuse, 
and the impact of sexual abuse on victims; to serve as a resource for the Administrator in developing or 
updating policies and procedures; to advise the Administrator regarding sensitivities involved in 
interactions with victims; and to serve as a referral source for the Administrator in providing post-
determination information to claimants who seek guidance, counseling or other services. 
The 
Administrator may, at her discretion and with the Claimant's prior written consent, request that Ms. 
Hamilton review an individual claimant file. The Administrator will determine on a case-by-case basis, in 
her discretion, the need to anonymize individual claimants' files before sharing them with Ms. Hamilton. 
As set forth above, the Administrator is solely responsible for all decisions relating to the administration 
of the Program, including the review, processing, evaluation, and determination of individual claims 
submitted to the Program. 
During the term of the Program, Ms. Hamilton will not meet or speak with a Claimant or her 
representatives concerning any aspect of the Program without the Administrator present. Ms. Hamilton 
will maintain in strict confidence and will not disclose outside the Program any information she obtains 
through her participation in the Program, including individual Claimants' submissions. 
Wave 
EFTA00010232
--- PAGE 10 ---
II. 
ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS 
A. Eligibility Criteria 
The persons eligible to participate in this Program are individuals who allege they were sexually abused 
by Epstein. In addition, the following criteria apply: 
• 
The claim of sexual abuse must be directed against Epstein. 
• 
An individual whose claim is time-barred by the applicable statute of limitations may 
participate in the Program provided that other eligibility criteria are met. 
• An individual who previously entered into a settlement agreement resolving a claim of sexual 
abuse against Epstein may participate in the Program provided that other eligibility criteria are 
met. 
• 
An individual who allegedly assisted Epstein in procuring other victims-survivors may 
participate in the Program where there is a credible basis to determine that the individual 
acted under duress as a result of her own sexual abuse by Epstein, provided that other 
eligibility criteria are met. 
• 
If the Claimant chooses to accept the offered compensation, the Claimant must dismiss with 
prejudice any existing lawsuits, legal actions or claims filed against the Estate or related entities 
and/or related individuals. The Claimant must provide proof of such dismissal along with or 
prior to the signed acceptance of the compensation determination offer letter and executed 
Release in order to receive payment. 
B. Legal Representatives of Claimants 
An individual may file a claim on a victim's behalf where that individual has been granted legal authority 
to act in a representative capacity pursuant to appropriate law. The "Legal Representative" of an 
individual Claimant shall mean: (1) in the case of a Claimant who is currently a minor, a parent or legal 
guardian authorized by law to serve as the minor's legal representative; (2) in the case of an 
incompetent or legally incapacitated Claimant, a person who has been duly appointed as the Claimant's 
legal representative in accordance with applicable law; (3) in the case of a deceased Claimant, a person 
who has been duly appointed to act as the personal representative of the Claimant's estate by a court of 
competent jurisdiction and is authorized to file and compromise a claim; or (4) an attorney authorized to 
represent the Claimant for purposes of pursuing a claim through this Program. 
Legal Representatives must provide proper documentation demonstrating representative capacity. Such 
proof may include a power of attorney; documentation showing the individual's appointment as 
guardian or guardian ad litem; documentation showing the individual's appointment as personal 
representative of the Claimant's estate (such as letters of administration); a copy of a retainer 
Wage 
EFTA00010233
--- PAGE 11 ---
agreement showing legal representation signed by both the Claimant and the attorney or a signed 
statement by an adult Claimant and the attorney that a licensed/admitted attorney is acting on her 
behalf. 
III. 
CLAIMS ADMINISTRATION - SUBMISSION, EVALUATION AND DETERMINATION 
A. Claims Submission Process 
Individuals who have filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim against Epstein and/or the Estate or have 
otherwise been identified as a victim of Epstein by their attorney to the Administrator on or before the 
Effective Date will be sent a Claim Form and other relevant Program information, including Instructions 
for completion and submission of the Claim Form and a copy of this Protocol. Individuals who have filed 
a lawsuit need not agree to a stay of litigation or make any other concession in any pending litigation to 
be eligible to participate in the Program. Likewise, individuals who have not yet filed a lawsuit remain 
free to file a lawsuit and engage in litigation concurrently with participation in the Program. Individuals 
must, however, dismiss with prejudice any and all existing lawsuits, legal actions and claims prior to or at 
the time of acceptance of a compensation determination offer in order to receive payment. 
Individuals who have not filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim against Epstein and/or the Estate or have 
not otherwise been identified as a victim of Epstein by their attorney to the Administrator on or before 
the Effective Date may register to participate in this Program on the Program's website at 
www.EpsteinVCP.com. To register, such individuals must complete a questionnaire setting forth their 
name, contact information, a summary description of the nature of the claim and other requested 
information. Upon registration, the Administrator will perform a preliminary review to consider if the 
individual is eligible to participate in the Program. If the Administrator deems that the individual is 
eligible to participate in the Program, she will then send that individual a Claim Form and other relevant 
Program information. 
Note: The fact that an individual is sent a Claim Form and other relevant Program information indicates 
that the Administrator has determined that such individual is eligible to participate in the Program. It 
does not indicate that the Administrator has determined that such individual is eligible to receive 
compensation. That determination is made only after a Claim Form and all required documentation has 
been submitted and evaluated by the Administrator. 
Registrations for individuals who have not filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim against Epstein and/or the 
Estate or have not otherwise been identified as a victim of Jeffrey Epstein by their attorney to the 
Administrator on or before the Effective Date will be accepted by the Administrator from the Effective 
Date through a date that is 45 days prior to the Filing Deadline ("Registration Deadline"). It is important 
to note that the Registration Deadline is separate from, and precedes, the Filing Deadline. As explained 
above, all claims must be filed by the Filing Deadline. 
4IPage 
EFTA00010234
--- PAGE 12 ---
All Claim Forms must be completed to the best of a Claimant's ability and filed no later than the Filing 
Deadline. Claim Forms should be uploaded to the Program website at www.EpsteinVCP.com, or mailed 
via overnight courier (a pre-paid courier voucher will be included with each packet) to the Administrator 
at the following address: 
Epstein Victims' Compensation Program 
Attn: 
Administrator 
1050 Connecticut Ave., NW 
#65488 
Washington, D.C. 20035 
Claimants are invited to provide documentation identified in the Claim Form, and any other 
corroborating or supporting information sufficient to substantiate the claim, satisfy eligibility 
requirements, and allow the Administrator to review, process and evaluate the claim. If the claim is 
being presented by a Legal Representative, then the Legal Representative will be responsible for 
submitting the necessary documentation relating to the represented Claimant. 
Additional documentation may be requested at the discretion of the Administrator. Both the Claimant 
and the Estate will be afforded the opportunity to submit to the Administrator any information deemed 
relevant to the Administrator's evaluation and determination of the claim before the Administrator's 
final disposition of the claim. 
If a Claimant submits an incomplete or deficient claim, the Administrator will notify the Claimant, 
explain the additional information that is needed, and work with the Claimant or the Claimant's Legal 
Representative (where applicable) to assist in submitting a complete claim. 
B. Claims Evaluation and Determination 
Claims will be evaluated in the order in which they are received, with the Administrator evaluating each 
submitted individual claim in a prompt and fair manner. Claims will only be determined once all 
required documentation has been submitted to the Administrator, with due consideration granted to 
Claimant's good faith explanations for delays and/or absence of documentation. 
1. Factors Considered in Evaluating Claims 
As to each individual claim, the Administrator will determine, in her sole discretion based upon all of the 
information available, whether the allegations of sexual abuse are credible. The Administrator will 
consider appropriate factors and corroborative support, including but not limited to: 
• The level of documentation, corroboration or other circumstantial evidence regarding the 
nature and extent of the abuse, the frequency, location and other details of the abuse, and the 
age of the victim at the time of the abuse. Non-exhaustive examples of such evidence include 
(i) medical or psychiatric counseling/therapy records relevant to the abuse, and 
(ii) contemporaneous written notification or other correspondence (e.g., letters, emails) of the 
abuse by the Claimant to law enforcement authorities, parents, friends or others. 
The 
SIPage 
EFTA00010235
--- PAGE 13 ---
Administrator acknowledges that some Claimants may not be able to provide any 
documentation to corroborate their Claim based on the nature and circumstances of Epstein's 
conduct. If a Claimant's written and oral presentation is deemed to be credible by the 
Administrator, the Claimant may still be eligible for compensation under the Program. 
• 
Whether there exists any information and/or pertinent findings offered by the appropriate 
Office of the District Attorney, United States Attorney's Office, or other law enforcement 
agency. 
• 
Whether the Administrator finds the claims of the individual to be credible after complete 
review of all relevant documentation and other evidence provided by the Claimant and the 
Estate. 
As to each individual claim, the Administrator will determine, in her sole discretion based upon all of the 
information available, the amount of compensation that should be offered to each eligible Claimant. 
The Administrator will consider appropriate factors and corroborative support, including but not limited 
to: 
• The nature, duration and extent of the sexual abuse suffered by the Claimant. 
• 
The age of the Claimant at the time of the sexual abuse. 
• 
The nature and extent of the Claimant's physical or psychological damage resulting from the 
sexual abuse, and the effect of the sexual abuse on the Claimant. 
• 
The credibility of the claim based upon all of the facts and circumstances, supporting 
documentation and corroborating evidence. 
• Whether the Claimant previously entered into a settlement agreement with Epstein and 
received a payment pursuant to such agreement. 
The Administrator will confidentially send the Claimant a compensation determination offer letter 
including the following: (1) the Administrator's eligibility decision regarding the claim; (2) the amount of 
compensation offered; (3) a Release to be signed by the Claimant if the Claimant accepts the offered 
compensation; and (4) a Payment Option Form. The Administrator's offer shall be valid for 60 days from 
the date of the compensation determination offer letter. 
The Administrators determinations in this Program will not be binding on any potential criminal 
investigation involving Claimant's claims. 
2. Opportunities to be Heard 
The Claimant will be afforded an opportunity to be heard, either before or after the Administrator 
renders her determination. Upon request by the Claimant, the Administrator will be available to meet in 
person (as practicable in light of the COVID-19 pandemic), by video conference, or by teleconference to 
6IPage 
EFTA00010236
--- PAGE 14 ---
further discuss the claim. These meetings are completely optional and voluntary. Requests to meet 
with the Administrator should be sent by email to ClaimantServices@EosteinVCP.com and will be 
scheduled at a mutually convenient time and location. The Administrator may also request a meeting 
with a Claimant or her Legal Representative at a reasonable mutually convenient time and location, 
though the Claimant is not obligated to attend any such meeting. 
3. Release 
By submitting a claim to the Program, a Claimant is seeking to resolve all claims relating to allegations 
of sexual abuse against Epstein and/or the Estate, and related entities and individuals as set forth in the 
Release. If a Claimant chooses to accept the offer of compensation pursuant to the Program, the 
Claimant will be required to sign and execute a full Release, in a form satisfactory to the Estate, of all 
past and future claims (including Ifs pendens, writs of attachment, etc.) relating to such allegations of 
sexual abuse against the Estate, related entities and/or related individuals. A Claimant may reject the 
offer of compensation and may stop participating in the Program and withdraw the claim at any time 
prior to the execution of the Release. 
The Release will waive any rights the Claimant and her heirs, descendants, legatees or beneficiaries 
may have to assert any claims relating to allegations of sexual abuse against the Estate, related 
entities and/or related individuals, to file an individual legal action relating to such allegations, or to 
participate in any civil legal action associated with such allegations, except as a witness. However, 
the Release will not operate to preclude or limit the Claimant's ability to report and discuss 
allegations of sexual abuse with law enforcement officials or anyone else. In other words, the 
Release will not impose any rules of confidentiality on claimants, who are expressly permitted to 
discuss their allegations without restriction, should they choose. 
Before signing a Release, the Claimant must consult with an attorney selected by the Claimant. If the 
Claimant is not represented by an attorney, the Program will provide an attorney to provide free legal 
counseling to the Claimant for the sole purpose of advising the Claimant concerning the language and 
binding nature of the Release. 
No one affiliated with the Program will provide tax or legal advice to those receiving payments under 
the Program. Claimants are urged to consult with a tax advisor concerning any questions regarding 
tax liability for payments pursuant to the Program. 
4. Payments 
Upon the Claimant's acceptance of the Administrator's determination, the Administrator's receipt of 
the Claimant's executed Release and, where applicable, dismissal with prejudice of any existing 
lawsuit, legal actions or claims against the Estate or related entities and/or related individuals, the 
Administrator will initiate payment by check or electronic funds transfer to each eligible Claimant as 
directed by the Claimant. Checks will be sent to Claimants via overnight courier service. All 
Page 
EFTA00010237
--- PAGE 15 ---
payments made under the Program shall be for a Claimant's physical injuries, physical sickness and 
resulting emotional distress within the meaning of Section 104(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
C. Program Integrity 
For the purpose of protecting both the integrity of the Program and financial resources for eligible 
Claimants, the Administrator will institute all necessary measures to prevent payment of fraudulent 
claims, including taking steps to verify claims and analyze submissions for inconsistencies, 
irregularities or duplication. 
Each Claimant who signs the Claim Form at the time of submission certifies that the information 
provided in the Claim Form is true and accurate to the best of the Claimant's knowledge, and that the 
Claimant understands that false statements or claims made in connection with such submission may 
result in fines, imprisonment and/or any other remedy available by law. Claims that appear to be 
potentially fraudulent or to contain information known by the Claimant to be false when made will be 
forwarded to federal, state or local law enforcement agencies and/or the appropriate Office of the 
District Attorney and/or United States Attorney's Office for possible investigation and prosecution. 
D. Confidentiality/Privacy 
The Program is confidential.1 By filing a claim with the Program, the Claimant or her Legal 
Representative (where applicable) agrees that information submitted by the Claimant pursuant to 
the Program will be used and/or disclosed by the Administrator and her designees only for the 
following purposes: 
I) Processing and evaluating the Claimant's claim; 
2) Administering the Program and other Program-related work; and 
3) Reports to law enforcement where appropriate, related to potentially fraudulent claims. 
When documents or other information maintained or submitted by the Estate become part of a 
Claimant's file for purposes of the Program, such materials will be reviewed by the Administrator to 
assist in processing and evaluating the claim, but will otherwise remain confidential. No information 
provided by Claimants will be provided to the Estate except for the Claimant's name and the date(s) 
and location(s) of the alleged abuse, for the sole purpose of processing and evaluating the claim and, 
for purposes of the Release, the names of any other individual(s) to whom or by whom the Claimant 
alleges she was trafficked or sexually abused. The Estate has agreed that no information obtained 
solely through the Program will be disclosed publicly or used by the Estate in defending itself from any 
claim, regardless of forum. The Program's files are not available for inspection, review or copying by 
the Estate or the Claimant or her representatives during or after the Program, and all pertinent 
All parties agree that they are using the services of a third•party administrator to help reach a resolution of Individual claims 
of sexual abuse, and that this Program is entitled to confidentiality, privileges (mediation, settlement and all other pertinent 
privileges), and protection from disclosure under applicable law. 
8IPage 
EFTA00010238
--- PAGE 16 ---
mediation privileges, settlement privileges and other privileges apply. 
To protect the privacy of Claimants participating in the Program, all personal information provided by 
the Claimant during this process will be returned or destroyed within one year after the conclusion of 
the Program. 
Individual Claimants are not bound through the Program by any rules of confidentiality. Claimants may, 
at their sole and voluntary option, disclose information in their possession regarding their claim, their 
compensation and their experience with the Program. 
All confidentiality requirements are subject to law, regulation and judicial process. 
E. Reporting 
The Administrator shall, on a monthly basis, confidentially provide reports regarding the number and 
total value of claims paid each month to the Probate Court of the United States Virgin Islands and the 
Attorney General of the United States Virgin Islands. Such reports will report on an aggregate level 
only. No individual Claimant information will be published or disclosed in a way that compromises 
Claimant confidentiality. 
91Pap,c, 
EFTA00010239


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010240.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010240.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jack Scarola 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: EXTERNAL Rule 17(c) subpoena 
Date: The, 16 Nov 2021 09:58:14 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.11.14 Mtn for Order_Auth_a_Sub_Pursnt_to_F.R.Crim.P_17(c) 
(3)_re.aRedacted_for_Scarola.pdf; 2021.11.14_Ex._l_Redacted_for_Scarola.pdf 
While our preference is to minimize the invasion o. 
privacy, there is unlikely to be anything in those 
files that will be of concern to you. Obviously, the disclosures to the Fund were made under assurances of 
confidentiality. 
On Nov 15, 2021, at 9:29 PM, 
Jack, 
wrote: 
Attached is a motion that Maxwell's has counsel filed seeking to subpoena information from the Epstein Victim 
Compensation Fund, including information aboune 
intend to file a motion to quash the subpoena later this 
week. Happy to have a call if you would like to discuss or have any questions. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
New York, NY 10007 
I
CAUTION: This email originated from outside the organization. Do not click links or open attachments 
unless you recognize the sender and know the content is safe. 
I Privileged and Confidential I Electronic communication is not a secure mode of communication and may be 
accessed by unauthorized persons. This communication originates from the law firm of Searcy Denney Scarola 
Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. and is protected under the Electronic Communication Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. S2510-
2521. The information contained in this E-mail message is privileged and confidential under Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 
2.420 and information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. If the reader of this message is 
not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copy of this 
communication is strictly prohibited. Personal messages express views solely of the sender and shall not be 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
e-mail or by telephone at (800) 780-8607 and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you. 
EFTA00010240


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010241.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010241.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
RE: Call? 
Wed, 17 Nov 
SDNY GM 
SDNY GM 
SDNY GM 
SDNY GM 
SDNY GM 
2021 01:14:11 +0000 
00000812-SDNY GM 
00000819.pdf; SDNY 
02753139-SDNY GM 
02753143.pdf; SDNY 
00000806-SDNY GM 
00000814.pdf; SDNY GM 00000815-
GM 00000820-SDNY GM 00000833.pdf; 
02753141.pdf; SDNY GM 02753142-
GM 00000799-SDNY GM 00000805.pdf; 
00000811 .pdf 
arms so much for chatting. Documents attached here. 
Thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, November 16, 2021 7:23 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] RE: Call? 
Can do the 1-2 or after 5 — whichever is easier/quicker for you. Just give me a call on the below cell phone. 
Am also free now if feasible. 
Assistant Special Agent in Charge 
H m I n 
ri Investigations 
UNCLASSIFIED // LAW ENFORCEMENT SENSITIVE 
WARNING: This document is UNCLASSIFIED (U) and is designated LAW ENFORCEMENT SENSITIVE (LES). It contains 
information that may be exempt from public release under the Freedom of Information Act (5 USC 552). This document 
is to be controlled, handled, transmitted, distributed, and disposed of in accordance with Department of Homeland 
Security policies relating to U//LES information, and is not to be released to the public or personnel who do not have a 
valid "need to know" without prior approval from the appropriate management official. Please notify the sender if this 
email has been misdirected and immediately destroy all originals and copies of the original. 
From: 
Sent: ues ay, ovem er 
: 
To: 
Subject: Call? 
EFTA00010241
--- PAGE 2 ---
..AUTION: This email originated from outside of DHS. DO NOT click links or open attachments unless you recognize and/or trust the 
ender. Contact ICE SOC SPAM  with questions or concerns. 
Hi 
I hope you are well. Do you have a few minutes for a call? I am free this week anytime after 5 pm or have a window from 
1-2 pm if that works for you. 
Thanks so much! 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York. New York 10007 
EFTA00010242


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010243.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010243.pdf
----------------------------------------
Court Subpoena 
Prritthatates Piztrict Tourt 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
TO: 
The Mar-a-Lago Club 
1100 South Ocean Boulevard 
Palm Beach, Florida 33480 
GREETINGS: 
WE COMMAND YOU that all and singular business and excuses being laid aside, you appear and attend 
before the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, 40 Foley Square, in the 
Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, New York, in the Southern District of New York, at the 
following date, time and place: 
Appearance Date: 
November 29, 2021 
Appearance Time: 9:00 a.m. 
Appearance Place: 
Foley Square, Courtroom 906 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
and not to depart the Court without leave thereof, or of the United States Attorney, and that you bring 
with you and produce at the above time and place the following: 
Any and all employment records relating to 
Failure to attend and produce any items hereby demanded will constitute contempt of court and will 
subject you to civil sanctions and criminal penalties, in addition to other penalties of the Law. 
DATED: New York, New York 
October 5, 2021 
Is 
AUDREY STRAUSS 
United States Attorney for the 
New York 
Assistant United States Attorney 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
Email: 
Telephone: 
Rev. 02.01.12 
EFTA00010243


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010244.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010244.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Juror questionnaires to review for tomorrow 
Date: Wed, 17 Nov 2021 00:41:52 +0000 
Attachments: US_v._Maxwell_Jurors_Proceeding_to_Voir_DireJprintable_version).xisx 
Hey team, 
Sine 
won't be in court tomorrow, I have reassigned the juror questionnaires for you guys to take on. The new 
ones start at row 71 (juror 199), with the one exception that I also reassigned 
rows 39 and 40 (the last two from 
la
first batch we didn't get to today). 
II print yours out so we have the same hard copy notes method.Msince I didn't get this 
done before you headed out, if you want to take notes in the spreadsheet attached and send to me by 7:45am tomorrow, 
I can print it out in the morning (but obviously do what's best for you note taking wise, I'm happy to accommodate 
however I can). 
Paralegal Specialist 
U.S. Attorney's Office SDNY 
Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York. NY 10007 
EFTA00010244


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010245.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010245.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2019 19:55:19 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Thanks very much. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, April 22, 2019 15:55 
To: 
Cc 
'; 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
>; 
We can keep the folder structure that currently exists. If I have any questions regarding the documents I will let you 
know. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, April 22, 2019 3:51 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
C 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Following up on the below, and for the same case — US I Epstein (USAO It 2018R01618) — could we please load the 
documents in the following folder into Relativity: 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouANYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 InvestigationVt 2018 SDNY investigation \Subpoena 
Returns \ Boles Schiller\ 2019-04-18 Boies Schiller second subpoena response 
In terms of structure, they can go under the "BSF returns" subfolder (under the folder "Subpoena Returns") under a new 
subfolder identified as "BSF second production". And under that, we'd like to keep the same folder structure as exists at 
the link. Does that work? 
And I don't believe there is DVD information (as in the "BSF first production" documents), but if there is, please let us 
know. Please also let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could let us know 
when it's all uploaded? 
thanks very much, 
EFTA00010245
--- PAGE 2 ---
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, March 28, 2019 11:16 
To: 
Cc: 
`••
='; 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Perfect, thanks very much. 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, March 28, 2019 09:02 
To:I 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Hello M, 
The documents would need to be converted to a different format. I will talk to someone about getting the documents 
converted to a different format. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, March 27, 2019 7:15 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
< 
That's no problem, we don't need those on Relativity. Separately, though will we be able to play those video files *not* 
on a DVD? That is, we only have them in electronic format (in the file folders) — I haven't tried to play them, so maybe it's 
just as easy as that, but wanted to check if we need to get them processed in some other fashion to be able to view 
independently of a DVD player. 
thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, March 26, 2019 09:32 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
EFTA00010246
--- PAGE 3 ---
Good Morning 
I have noticed that some of these documents contain data that appears to be from a DVD. A DVD contains a bunch of 
separate files to make everything play on a DVD, but it will not make sense to load DVD information into Relativity. The 
following should not be loaded to Relativity: 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS \ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 \ IFSO9L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S90B8H- H\ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99--
I \G6WHHA- F \ 7E.IDCF- 7 \ Interview H. RWIDEOTS 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS \ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4C1- 3 \ IFSO9L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S9088H- H\ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99--
I \GWR892--P \60AFYC- X \ Interview J. HWIDEO_TS 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS \ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 \ IFSO9L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S9088H- H\ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99--
I \GWR892--P \60AFYC- X \ Interview S. I\ VIDEO_TS 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS \ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 \ IFSO9L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S90B8H- H\ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99--
I \GYCEJB- B\ 53V7CE- B\ Interview A. DWIDEOTS 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS \ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 \ IFSO9L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S9088H—H\ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99--
I \GYCEJB—B\ 53V7CE—B\ Interview A. TWIDEOTS 
\\ Usa.doj.goy \cloud\ NYS \StAndrews\ Shared \ USApstein-2018801618 \ Investigation \ tt 2018 SONY 
investigation \Subpoena Returns \Boies Schiller \2019-03-04, Boies Schiller first subpoena response \al SUBPOENA 
RESPONSE 004582 (State Disc 1)\2. Walkthrough Video 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, March 25,2019 7:00 PM 
Too 
< 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US I Epstein (USAO if 2018R01618): 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS \ StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 \ Investigation \It 2018 SDNY investigation \Subpoena 
Returns \ Boies Schiller\ 2019-03-04 Boies Schiller first subpoena response 
In terms of structure, we'd like to create a folder identified as "Subpoena Returns" (at the same level as "FBI Case File" is 
currently), and in a subfolder within Subpoena Returns, a folder titled "BSF returns," and within that a subfolder identified 
as "BSF first production" that the docs in the above link can be deposited into (including any additional subfolders). Does 
that work? 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
when it's all uploaded? 
EFTA00010247
--- PAGE 4 ---
thanks very much, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010248


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010249.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010249.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: Epstein Ducks Modeling Agency Suit Over Improper Service - Law360 
Date: Thu, 25 Apr 2019 10:38:11 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Epstein Ducks Modeling Agency Suit Over Improper Service 
By Carolina Bolado 
Share us on: 
Law360 (April 24, 2019, 6:45 PM EDT) --
Billionaire sex offender Jeffrey Epstein ducked a 
modeling agency's lawsuit Wednesday when a 
Florida appeals court ruled the business had failed to 
properly serve him with the complaint at his primary 
residence on a private island in the Caribbean. 
Florida's Third District Court of Appeal said service 
of the complaint by Miami-based MC2 Model & 
Talent LLC and its owner, Jean-Luc Brunel, on an 
office supervisor at Epstein's U.S. Virgin Islands 
business address did not comply with the 
requirements under Florida law and that the suit 
should be dismissed without prejudice, meaning it 
could be reified. 
The appeals court agreed with Epstein, who had 
argued that Brunel and MC2 never attempted to serve 
him at his primary residence, a private island called 
Little St. James in the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
"Brunel and MC2 attempt to excuse strict compliance 
by arguing that the legislature could not have 
contemplated a lifestyle like Epstein's," the Third 
District said. "But Brunel and MC2 never tried to 
serve Epstein at his place of abode." 
Epstein argued that service of process takes place 
routinely on private property and that his private 
https://www.law360.com/articles/1153140/epstein-
ducks-modeling-agercy-suit-over-improper-service 
EFTA00010249
--- PAGE 2 ---
island is accessible by boat, has a large dock and is 
easily located on any map. Nothing would have 
prevented a process server from tying up to the dock 
and asking for him, Epstein said. 
Brunel and MC2 sued Epstein in January 2015 in 
Miami, claiming the notoriety and bad publicity 
stemming from sexual assault and prostitution 
charges against Epstein cost the agency business. 
Brunel has been linked to Epstein and has been 
accused by at least one victim of supplying Epstein 
with underage girls. 
Epstein pled guilty in 2007 to felony charges 
involving solicitation of prostitution and procurement 
of minors for prostitution. He served 13 months in 
prison and is a registered sex offender. 
Brunel tried to serve Epstein at his residential address 
in New York, but Epstein successfully moved to 
quash service, according to the opinion. Brunel then 
tried the Virgin Islands business address, which the 
trial court deemed acceptable in September 2018. 
But the Third District said that in order for substitute 
service to be acceptable under Florida law, it must be 
made on an individual doing business as a sole 
proprietorship. The Virgin Islands business is not a 
sole proprietorship owned by Epstein, according to 
the appeals court. 
In February, a Florida federal judge ruled that 
prosecutors, including then-U.S. Attorney and current 
Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta, violated the 
Crime Victims' Rights Act when they signed a 
nonprosecution agreement with Epstein without 
notifying his victims. 
The Miami Herald, in an investigative report 
published late last year, printed emails showing that 
EFTA00010250
--- PAGE 3 ---
the alleged victims were deliberately excluded from 
the deal cut between Acosta, who was then the U.S. 
attorney for the Southern District of Florida, and 
Epstein's defense team. 
Epstein's alleged victims — numbering in the dozens 
— claim he lured teenage girls to his Palm Beach, 
Florida, mansion to engage in sexual acts. They have 
not had the opportunity to testify in court in any 
proceeding thus far, according to the Herald report. 
An attorney for Brunel declined to comment 
Wednesday. Attorneys for Epstein did not 
immediately respond to a request for comment. 
Judges Kevin Emas, Edwin A. Scales RI and Norma 
S. Lindsey sat for the Third District. 
Epstein is represented by Scott J. Link and Kara 
Berard Rockenbach of Link & Rockenbach PA. 
Brunel and MC2 are represented by Joe Titone. 
The case is Epstein v. Brunel et al., case number 
3D18-1997, in the Third District Court of Appeal of 
Florida. 
EFTA00010251


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010252.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010252.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Date: Wed, 24 Apr 2019 15:35:36 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
We've received some additional documents in this same production we'd like to include in the same general subfolder on 
Relativity ("BSF second production" under "BSF returns"), please. I'm sending them in a separate folder link so that they 
don't mess up your process with the initial results; they're here: 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouANYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 InvestigationV4 2018 SDNY investigation \Subpoena 
Returns \ Boies Schiller\ 2019-04-23 Boies Schiller second subpoena response (follow-up) 
Please note there are a few things from that folder that do NOT need to be uploaded — the folder titled "!Original Zips" 
and the two PDF documents (in the main folder) don't need to go onto Relativity. And I think I neglected to give similar 
info for the original folder linked to below ("2019-04-18, Boies Schiller second subpoena response") — in that folder, we do 
not need the "!Original Zips" folder or its contents, and do not need the three PDF documents in the main folder to be 
uploaded. 
As always, please let me know if any questions or issues, and thanks very much. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, April 22, 2019 15:55 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
We can keep the folder structure that currently exists. If I have any questions regarding the documents I will let you 
know. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, April 22, 2019 3:51 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
<e; 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
EFTA00010252
--- PAGE 2 ---
Following up on the below, and for the same case — US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618) — could we please load the 
documents in the following folder into Relativity: 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 InvestigationV4 2018 SDNY investigation \Subpoena 
Returns \ Boies Schiller\ 2019-04-18 Boies Schiller second subpoena response 
In terms of structure, they can go under the "BSF returns" subfolder (under the folder "Subpoena Returns") under a new 
subfolder identified as "BSF second production". And under that, we'd like to keep the same folder structure as exists at 
the link. Does that work? 
And I don't believe there is DVD information (as in the "BSF first production" documents), but if there is, please let us 
know. Please also let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could let us know 
when it's all uploaded? 
thanks very much, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, March 28, 2019 11:16 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Perfect, thanks very much. 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, March 28, 2019 09:02 
To: 
Cc: 
cS; 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Hello 
M
,
> 
The documents would need to be converted to a different format. I will talk to someone about getting the documents 
converted to a different format. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, March 27, 2019 7:15 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
EFTA00010253
--- PAGE 3 ---
That's no problem, we don't need those on Relativity. Separately, though will we be able to play those video files *not* 
on a DVD? That is, we only have them in electronic format (in the file folders) — I haven't tried to play them, so maybe it's 
just as easy as that, but wanted to check if we need to get them processed in some other fashion to be able to view 
independently of a DVD player. 
thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, March 26,2019 09:32 
To: 
Cc: 
) 
>;I
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Good Morning = 
I have noticed that some of these documents contain data that appears to be from a DVD. A DVD contains a bunch of 
separate files to make everything play on a DVD, but it will not make sense to load DVD information into Relativity. The 
following should not be loaded to Relativity: 
1. 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS\ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 \ IFS09L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S9088H- H \ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99--
I \G6WHHA- F \ 7E.IDCF- 7\ Interview H. RWIDEO_TS 
2. 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS\ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 \ IFS09L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S9088H- H\ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99-
I \GWR892- P\60AFYC—X \ Interview J. HWIDEOTS 
3. 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS\ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 \ IFS09L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S90B8H- H\ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99-
I \GWR892- P \60AFYC—X \ Interview S. V\VIDEOTS 
4. 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS\ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 \ IFS09L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S9088H- H\ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99--
I \GYCEJB- B\ 53V7CE- B\ Interview A. D\VIDEO_TS 
5. 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS\ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 \ IFS09L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S9088H- H \ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99--
I \GYCEJB- B\ 53V7CE- B\ Interview A. TWIDEO_TS 
6. \\ Usa.doj.gov \ cloud\ NYS \StAndrews\ Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 \ Investigation\ tt 2018 SDNY 
investigation \Subpoena Returns \Boles Schiller \2019-03-04, Boies Schiller first subpoena response \al SUBPOENA 
RESPONSE 004582 (State Disc 1)\2. Walkthrough Video 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, March 25, 2019 7:00 PM 
To: 
< 
Cc: 
c=
> 
EFTA00010254
--- PAGE 4 ---
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO tt 2018R01618): 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 InvestigationVI 2018 SDNY investigation \Subpoena 
Returns \ Boies Schiller\ 2019-03-04 Boies Schiller first subpoena response 
In terms of structure, we'd like to create a folder identified as "Subpoena Returns" (at the same level as "FBI Case File" is 
currently), and in a subfolder within Subpoena Returns, a folder titled "BSF returns," and within that a subfolder identified 
as "BSF first production" that the dots in the above link can be deposited into (including any additional subfolders). Does 
that work? 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
when it's all uploaded? 
thanks very much, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010255


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010256.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010256.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: ' 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Date: Wed, 24 Apr 2019 15:52:28 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Thanks — and apologies for the belated info on the first link. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 24, 2019 11:52 
To: 
Cc 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
I will make the adjustments for the first set of documents and then let you know when everything is available in 
Relativity. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 24, 2019 11:36 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
< 
) 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
We've received some additional documents in this same production we'd like to include in the same general subfolder on 
Relativity ("BSF second production" under "BSF returns"), please. I'm sending them in a separate folder link so that they 
don't mess up your process with the initial results; they're here: 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouANYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 InvestigationVI 2018 SDNY investigation \Subpoena 
Returns \ Boies Schiller\ 2019-04-23 Boies Schiller second subpoena response (follow-up) 
Please note there are a few things from that folder that do NOT need to be uploaded — the folder titled "!Original Zips" 
and the two PDF documents (in the main folder) don't need to go onto Relativity. And I think I neglected to give similar 
info for the original folder linked to below ("2019-04-18, Boies Schiller second subpoena response") — in that folder, we do 
not need the "!Original Zips" folder or its contents, and do not need the three PDF documents in the main folder to be 
uploaded. 
As always, please let me know if any questions or issues, and thanks very much. 
EFTA00010256
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: 
Sent: Monday, April 22, 2019 15:55 
To: 
Cc: 
) 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
We can keep the folder structure that currently exists. If I have any questions regarding the documents I will let you 
know. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, April 22, 2019 3:51 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
) 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Following up on the below, and for the same case — US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618) — could we please load the 
documents in the following folder into Relativity: 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 InvestigationV4 2018 SDNY investigation \Subpoena 
Returns \ Boies Schiller\ 2019-04-18 Boies Schiller second subpoena response 
In terms of structure, they can go under the "BSF returns" subfolder (under the folder "Subpoena Returns") under a new 
subfolder identified as "BSF second production". And under that, we'd like to keep the same folder structure as exists at 
the link. Does that work? 
And I don't believe there is DVD information (as in the "BSF first production" documents), but if there is, please let us 
know. Please also let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could let us know 
when it's all uploaded? 
thanks very much, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, March 28, 2019 11:16 
To: 
Cc: 
) 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Perfect, thanks very much. 
EFTA00010257
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: 
Sent: Thursday, March 28, 2019 09:02 
To: 
Cc: 
`•
>; 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Hello = 
The documents would need to be converted to a different format. I will talk to someone about getting the documents 
converted to a different format. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, March 27, 2019 7:15 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
`•
.>; 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
That's no problem, we don't need those on Relativity. Separately, though will we be able to play those video files *not* 
on a DVD? That is, we only have them in electronic format (in the file folders) — I haven't tried to play them, so maybe it's 
just as easy as that, but wanted to check if we need to get them processed in some other fashion to be able to view 
independently of a DVD player. 
thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, March 26, 2019 09:32 
To: 
Cc: 
`•
>; 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Good Morning 
=
c=
> 
I have noticed that some of these documents contain data that appears to be from a DVD. A DVD contains a bunch of 
separate files to make everything play on a DVD, but it will not make sense to load DVD information into Relativity. The 
following should not be loaded to Relativity: 
1. 
2. 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 IFS09L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S9088H- H B3KTU3- 5 2MQV99--
I \G6WHHA- FVEIDCF- 7 \ Interview H. RWIDEOTS 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 IFS09L- P \_AMUFM- 3 S9088H- H B3KTU3- 5 2MQV99--
I \GWR892- P\60AFYC—X \ Interview J. FIWIDEOTS 
EFTA00010258
--- PAGE 4 ---
3. 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS \ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 \ IFS09L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S90B8H- H\ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99-
I \GWR892--P \ 60AFYC—X \ Interview S. V\VIDEOTS 
4. 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS \ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 \ IFS09L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S9088H- H\ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99--
I \GYCEJB- B \ 53V7CE- B \ Interview A. DWIDEOTS 
5. 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS \ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 \ IFS09L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S9088H- H\ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99--
I \GYCEJB- B \ 53V7CE- B \ Interview A. TWIDEOTS 
6. \\ Usa.doj.gov \ cloud\ NYS \StAndrews\ Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 \ Investigation \ tt 2018 SDNY 
investigation \Subpoena Returns \Boies Schiller \2019-03-04, Boies Schiller first subpoena response \al SUBPOENA 
RESPONSE 004582 (State Disc 1)\2. Walkthrough Video 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Thank you. 
From: 
) < 
Sent: Monday, March 25,2019 7:00 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
) 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
• 
> 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO If 2018R01618): 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS \ StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 \ Investigation \It 2018 SDNY investigation \Subpoena 
Returns \ Boies Schiller \ 2019-03-04 Boies Schiller first subpoena response 
In terms of structure, we'd like to create a folder identified as "Subpoena Returns" (at the same level as "FBI Case File" is 
currently), and in a subfolder within Subpoena Returns, a folder titled "BSF returns," and within that a subfolder identified 
as "BSF first production" that the dots in the above link can be deposited into (including any additional subfolders). Does 
that work? 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
when it's all uploaded? 
thanks very much, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010259


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010260.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010260.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Accepted: US v. Epstein (civil forfeiture matter) 
Start Date: 2019-10-17 19:30:00 +0000 
End Date: 2019-10-17 20:00:00 +0000 
Location: Skype Meeting; Conference ID: 598 437 033; 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Comment: 
Date Created: 2019-10-17 15:22:03 +0000 
Date Modified: 2019-10-17 15:22:03 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2019-10-17 15:08:16 +0000 
Attendee: Weinstein, Marc A. 
EFTA00010260


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010261.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010261.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Gloria Allred <I 
To: ' 
Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of 
Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you 
at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
Date: Wed, 23 Oct 2019 16:00:28 +0000 
lane-Images: image001.jpg; image002.png; image003.png; image004.jpg; image005.png 
Good. Thanks. I am in suite 607 at 305 Broadway. 
Gloria Allred 
Allred, Maroko & Goldberg 
6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500 
Los Angeles, CA 90048 
www.amglaw.corn 
www. gloriaallred. corn 
ALLRED. ~Olt) II «MORRO 
an 
Best
....as 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, October 23, 2019 8:55 AM 
To: Gloria Allred 
Cc:
Subject: Re: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to 
New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
Gloria we were slightly delayed by questions but are heading over now 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 23, 2019, at 08:57, Gloria Allred 
wrote: 
I will not have a means to communicate with you after 9:30 this morning, because I will be at the F.B.I. Victim Services 
meeting and they will take my phone. Would you please respond to my message below prior to that time in order that I 
may know the plan for meeting with 
and me today? 
Gloria Allred 
Allred, Maroko & Goldberg 
6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500 
Los Angeles, CA 90048 
www.amalaw.com 
www. gloriaallred. corn 
<image005.jpg> 
EFTA00010261
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ntomdak-IlubbeW 
PREEMINENT' 
From: Gloria Allred 
Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 8:26 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
< 
, . I 
) 
Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly 
to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
Is there a place at the FBI for you to interview 
at the end of the meeting with Victim Services ? I am on a tight 
schedule tomorrow. Please advise if you want to interview her there at 11:A.M or 11:30.at the end of their meeting or 
do wish to use my office at 305 Broadway? I need to leave the interview with her by 12:30. I must take the 2P.M. train to 
D.C. 
Gloria Allred 
Allred, Maroko & Goldberg 
6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500 
Los Angeles, CA 90048 
www.amglaw.com 
www.gloroallred.com 
Best Lim 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 1:08 PM 
To: Gloria Allred 
Cc: 
Ica; 
Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly 
to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
Thanks. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
From: Gloria Allred 
Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 4:03 PM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly 
to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
EFTA00010262
--- PAGE 3 ---
I have asked her when we can reschedule, but I do not have an answer yet. 
Gloria Allred 
Allred, Maroko & Goldberg 
6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500 
Los Angeles, CA 90048 
www.amglaw.com 
www.gloriaallred.corn 
<image009.jpg> 
<image010.pne 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 11:54 AM 
To: Gloria Allred 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly 
to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
> 
Gloria, 
Is 
still available for our 4pm call, or do we need to reschedule? 
Thanks, 
On Oct 22, 2019, at 12:26 PM, 
> wrote: 
Ok thanks, please keep us posted. We are happy to accommodate 
schedule. 
And yes, we can speak with 
handling that meeting. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
From: Gloria Allred 
Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 12:24 PM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to 
fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
at your office from noon to 1pm tomorrow. 
will be the AUSA 
EFTA00010263
--- PAGE 4 ---
Just a heads up. I think she is needing to reschedule and is cancelling for today. I will let you know a.s.a.p. or by 2P.M. 
at the latest. Sorry. Also, re 
for tomorrow.can you speak to her from noon to 1 P.M. at my office at 305 
Broadway? I need to leave at 1P.M. to catch the train to D.C. 
Gloria Allred 
Allred, Maroko & Goldberg 
6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500 
Los Angeles, CA 90048 
www.amglaw.corn 
www. gloriaallred. corn 
<image003.jpg> 
<image004.png> 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 8:19 AM 
To: Gloria Allred 
Cc: 
(NY) (FBI) <I
c> 
Subject: Re: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to 
fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
c
=> 
Hi Gloria, 
We are find with a conference call this afternoon if that is ok with your client. We can use the below dial-in: 
Passcode 
And your proposed time for 
Thanks, 
interview works on our end. 
On Oct 21, 2019, at 8:11 PM, Gloria Allred 
> wrote: 
I have 2 questions. First, would it be o.k. with all of you if we did the call with 
tomorrow at 4P.M. e.s.t as a 
conference call rather than as a Skype call? We will be in at least 4 different locations and I think it will be easier if we 
did it that way. If so, please send us the number to dial. Daniel from my co counsel Marianne Wang's office will also 
be joining us on the call. Also ,re MI 
my client who is flying in for victim services will be happy to speak with you, 
but I have a very tight schedule on Wednesday, because I need to be on a 1 or at the latest 2 P.M. train to D.C. that 
day. Could we have the meeting from noon to 1P.M.? My office is only one block away from the FBI meeting. 
Gloria Allred 
Allred, Maroko & Goldberg 
6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500 
Los Angeles, CA 90048 
www.amglaw.corn 
www. gloriaallred. corn 
<image001.jpg> 
<image002.png> 
EFTA00010264
--- PAGE 5 ---
From: 
Sent: Monday, October 21, 2019 6:40 AM 
To: Gloria Allred < 
Cc: 
(NY) (FBI) 
Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to 
fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
Gloria, 
We will make ourselves available to meet with your new client on 10/23. Because the victim meeting is being run by 
the FBI, their victim services folks are handling travel logistics. I'm cc'ing 
who should be able to 
hopefully help coordinate travel. Would you please provide 
with your new client's name as it appears on her 
ID, date of birth, email address, and phone number? 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
I St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
From: Gloria Allred 
Sent: Friday, October 18, 2019 5:02 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly 
to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
Gloria Allred 
Allred, Maroko & Goldberg 
6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500 
Los Angeles, CA 90048 
www.amglaw.corn 
www.gloriaallred.com 
<image003.jpg> 
<image004.png> 
This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the 
addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED 
EFTA00010265
--- PAGE 6 ---
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
NAMED ABOVE AT 
Thank you. 
I 
This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the 
addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
NAMED ABOVE AT 
Thank you. 
This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the 
addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
NAMED ABOVE AT 
Thank you. 
This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the 
addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
ABOVE AT 
Thank you. 
I 
This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the 
addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
ABOVE AT 
Thank you. 
This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the 
addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
ABOVE AT 
Thank you. 
EFTA00010266


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010267.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010267.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: Priorities 
Date: Thu, 31 Oct 2019 15:09:26 +0000 
Attachments: SDNY PRIORITIES DRAFT iRevised_10.31.19_nvb].docx 
With revisions/additions/fixed formatting issues and updated hyperlinks. 
Public Affairs 
United States Department of Justice 
U.S. Attorney's Office I Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010267


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010268.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010268.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: ' 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Date: Mon, 28 Oct 2019 16:49:06 +0000 
Hi 
Yes, thanks — could you please make these bookings: 
Monday, Nov. 4, 7:30 a.m., JetBlue, LGA to PBI (arriving 10:22 a.m.) 
Nov. 4 to Nov. 5, reservation at Hilton West Palm Beach 
Nov. 4, conference room reservation at Hilton West Palm Beach (if you could please have me be listed as the contact 
person, and put it on my travel card, that seems to be easiest for them in terms of logistics when we're there) 
Tuesday, Nov. 5, 7:53 a.m., JetBlue, HI to JFK (arriving 10:27 a.m.) 
I think that's everything, but please let me know if I'm forgetting anything or if any other info would be useful, and thanks 
as always. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, October 28, 2019 09:27 
To: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Good morning M. 
Have you finalized the dates and location for your trip to West Palm Beach, FL scheduled between Nov 3 — 5th? I'd like to 
start the reservation process for the airfare, hotel and amount of days you'll need a conference room. Let me know ASAP 
so your preferred options don't sell out. Thanks as always. 
U.S. Attorney's Office (SDNY) 
Legal Assistant, Public Corruption 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 2:03 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Thanks very much. 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 14:00 
To: 
Cc: 
EFTA00010268
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Approved for both and the conference room. 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 1:55 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
> 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
S 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
permission to travel next week for an interview in West Palm Beach on November 4. It will just be me and 
and 
we'll travel some combination of the 3rd to the 5th. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2019 14:51 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
S 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
week for a victim interview in Los Angeles. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Wednesday and return no later 
than Friday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). The trip will be some combination of me, M, 
and/or 
as previously. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 14:57 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
S 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly 
down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). 
EFTA00010269
--- PAGE 3 ---
Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either 
be me and 
or 
and 
but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it 
super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57 
To: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Thank you 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: travel approval request 
Approved 
Sent from my iPad 
On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, 
S 
> wrote: 
For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for 
sexual activity, 
and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and 
return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows. 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: travel approval request 
and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm 
Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on 
Saturday. 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
EFTA00010270
--- PAGE 4 ---
M 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010271


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010272.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010272.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "etravelservices cvvtsatotravel.com"<etravelservices cwtsatotravel.com> 
To 
Subject: Final Voucher 10643456-2(1) approved b 
now awaiting further 
approval 
Date: Thu, 24 Oct 2019 20:10:09 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Dea 
Final voucher 10643456-2(1) has been approved by
latow 
awaiting further approval. 
Trip ID: 10643456-2 
Voucher ID: 1 
Voucher type: 
Traveler name 
Purpose: R19NYS 13842 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interviews 
Destination: Santa Monica, CA, United States 
Dates: 2019-09-17 - 2019-09-20 
Current status: Pending Voucher Approval 
Voucher total expenses: 2152.79 
Estimated trip cost: 2489.21 
E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
emails that you receive from us. 
Reference ID# V0010 
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00010272


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010273.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010273.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "etravelservices cwtsatotravel.com" <etravelservicesC cwtsatotravel.com> 
To: 
Subject: Final Voucher 10643456-2(1) has received final approval 
Date: Thu, 24 Oct 2019 21:05:38 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Dear
Final voucher 10643456-2(1) has received final approval. 
Trip ID: 10643456-2 
Voucher ID: 1 
Voucher type: F' 
Traveler name: 
Minor Customer name: OBD-USA-USANYS-NEW YORK SOUTHERN (UNYS) (JO2104) 
Purpose: R19NYS 13842 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interviews 
Destination: Santa Monica, CA, United States 
Dates: 2019-09-17 - 2019-09-20 
Current status: Voucher Awaiting Payment 
Voucher total expenses: 2152.79 
Estimated trip cost: 2489.21 
E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
emails that you receive from us. 
Reference ID# V0008 
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00010273


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010274.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010274.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: Final Voucher 10894369(1) prepared by a travel arranger is pending your review 
Date: Tue, 07 Jan 2020 22:29:27 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Dear 
Final voucher 10894369(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
into E2 Solutions to review the document. 
Trip ID: 10894369 
Voucher ID: 1 
Voucher type: F 
Traveler name: 
Purpose: R20NYS 13261 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interviews 
Destination: Santa Monica (City), CA, United States 
Dates: 2019-12-15 - 2019-12-17 
Current status: Pending Voucher Approval 
Voucher total expenses: 1296.43 
Estimated trip cost: 1662.95 
E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
emails that you receive from us. 
Reference ID# V0012 
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00010274


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010275.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010275.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: 
, egmail.com>, 
< 
@usdoj.gov>, 
Subject: ma 
ouc er 
894369(1) approved by
ll now awaiting further approval 
Date: Fri, 10 Jan 2020 13:44:16 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Dear 
Final voucher 10894369(1) has been approved by 
now awaiting further approval. 
Trip ID: 10894369 
Voucher ID: 1 
Voucher type: Final 
Traveler name: 
Purpose: R2ON 
- . . v. Epstein - Witness Interviews 
Destination: 
Dates: 
Current status: Pending Voucher Approval 
EFTA00010275


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010276.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010276.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: RE: ITINERARY ONLY 
Re£ JXCKWJ 
Date: Fri, 24 Jan 2020 16:55:23 +0000 
Attachments: Questionnairefor_Official_Foreign_Travel,fitockholm,2020Mpdf 
I'm also attaching my updated questionnaire. Thanks! 
From: 
Sent: Frida , Janu 
2020 11:38 AM 
To: 
Subject: FW: ITINERARY ONLY - 
Ref: JXCKWJ 
Hi 1=-- 
here's my new itinerary. Thanks! 
Original Message 
From: 
Sent: n a 
anua 
Subject: ITINERARY ONLY 
Ref: JXCKWJ 
This is an automated email notification. Please do not respond to this email address. This mailbox is not 
monitored and emails sent to this box will not be received or worked. **Did you know we can also book your 
hotels and rental cars? ** This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary 
information. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete 
the e-mail and any attachments; any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00010276


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010277.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010277.pdf
----------------------------------------
Questionnaire for Official Foreign Travel 
United States Attorneys' Offices and the Executive Office for United States Attorneys 
Last Revised: April 28, 2016 
A separate questionnaire is required for each EOUSA/USAO employee who is traveling. 
Part I. Traveler Information and Scope of Travel 
Full Name 
Office e. . EOUSA USAO-ALN, etc. 
E-mail Address 
Position Title 
Telephone Number 
De 
• • 
' 
e) 
Departure Date (from Home or Office) 
Return Date (to Home or Office) 
Country of Birth 
Place of Birth 
Foreign Locations 
City 
Province (if applicable) 
Country 
Destination I 
Destination 2 
Destination 3 
Destination 4 
Q I : Are you traveling to more than four destinations? If yes, 
attach an additional sheet listing the additional destinations. 
O 
YES 
® 
NO 
Q2: Have you completed your travel reservations? If yes, please 
attach a detailed flight itinerary, your lodging information, and 
any other transportation reservations. If no, please STOP and 
make your travel reservations before proceeding. 
YES 
O 
NO
Q3: Have you already obtained OIA's approval? If yes, please 
attach OIA's approval e-mail. If you are traveling for civil 
purposes, you do not need OIA's approval to travel. For others, 
submit a completed questionnaire to OIA to obtain approval. 
O 
YES 
NO 
Q4: Do you have an official passport that is valid for at least six 
months from the date you will arrive in the foreign country? 
YES 
O 
NO 
Q5: Have you submitted a request for an official passport to 
EOUSA and is the request currently pending? 
O 
YES 
® 
NO 
Q6: Has the Department of State granted you a waiver of the 
requirement for an official passport? If yes, please attach the 
State Department's e-mail granting a waiver. 
O 
YES 
® 
NO 
EFTA00010277
--- PAGE 2 ---
Q7: Do any of your destinations require a visa for travel under 
an official passport? If applicable, submit the required materials 
to EOUSA to obtain visas prior to departure. 
O 
YES 
® 
NO 
Q8: For the passport under which you will be traveling, please provide the following data: 
Passport Type (e.g., 
Tourist, Official) 
Passport Issuing 
Country 
Passport Number 
(note pending, if 
applicable) 
Passport Expiration 
Date (note pending, if 
applicable) 
Q9: Are you traveling to a high-threat area? 
O 
YES 
NO 
Q10: Have you completed HTSOS training in the last five 
years? If yes, please attach the training certificate if you are 
traveling to a high-threat area. 
® 
YES 
O 
NO 
Q11: Have you completed FACT training in the last five years? 
If yes, please attach the training certificate, if you are traveling 
to a high-threat area. 
O 
YES 
NO 
Q12: What is your security clearance level? If you have access 
to TS-SCI, you must complete a DOJ-504 and provide it to your 
DOSM and receive a security briefing prior to departure. 
Q13: Do you plan to take any government-furnished equipment 
(including "bring your own device" equipment) out of U.S. 
territory? If yes, submit a request to your IT Systems Manager. 
® 
YES 
O 
NO 
Q14: Will any travel expenses be paid for, or reimbursed, by a 
source external to the EOUSA/USAO community? If yes, seek 
advance approval from GCO or RMP, as necessary. 
O 
YES 
NO 
Q15: Do your travel arrangements include actual lodging 
expenses (i.e., lodging expenses in excess of OCONUS rates)? 
O 
YES 
NO 
Q16: Do your travel arrangements include premium class travel 
(e.g., travel accommodations above coach class)? 
O 
YES 
NO 
Q17: Have you already received country clearance from the 
State Department through the eCC system? If yes, please attach 
the eCC notification that provides country clearance. 
O 
YES 
NO 
Q18: EOUSA requests eCC country clearance for nearly all 
EOUSA and USAO travelers. The clearance is required prior to 
departure. Shall EOUSA request eCC clearance for you? 
® 
YES 
O 
NO 
Q19: If you do not have eCC authorization to travel, and you 
do not want EOUSA to request eCC clearance for you, what 
office is requesting eCC clearance on your behalf? Note that 
federal investigative agencies are not authorized to obtain eCC 
clearance on behalf of EOUSA or USAO attorneys. 
EFTA00010278
--- PAGE 3 ---
Part II. General Questions Applicable to All Foreign Travel 
Q20: Who is paying for the travel? 
USAO- SDNY 
Q21: If foreign embassy personnel or consular or diplomatic officials have been consulted 
regarding travel, please provide their names, titles, organizations and contact information. 
N/A 
Q22: If U.S. Embassy or consular personnel have been involved, please provide their names, 
titles, section, and contact information. 
N/A 
Q23: If assistance from U.S. Embassy or consular personnel is required (e.g., a consular official 
to administer an oath) or if office space at an Embassy or consulate is required, please specify. If 
the Embassy is coordinating lodging, please include your credit card information. 
N/A 
Q24: If the assistance of a stenographer, court reporter, interpreter, or other service provider is 
required in the foreign country, please provide specific details about when and where services 
are required. EOUSA will relay the request to the State Department in the eCC system. 
N/A 
Q25: Please include any other comments or details that would help the Department of State 
ensure that difficulties do not arise. 
N/A 
Q26: I am traveling... 
O Abroad to Attend a Conference or Training Event (Complete Part III) 
To a Country Other Than Canada on a Judicial Assistance Matter (Complete Part IV) 
O To Canada on a Judicial Assistance Matter (Complete Part V) 
EFTA00010279
--- PAGE 4 ---
Part III. Additional Questions for Conferences and Training Events 
Q27: What is the name of the conference event or training program? 
Q28: What is the purpose of the conference event or training program? 
Q29: What is the specific venue name and address for the conference event or training program? 
Q30: Who are the primary points of contact for the conference event or training program? Please 
include contact information (e.g., organizations, telephone numbers, and email addresses). 
Part IV. Additional Questions for Travel to Countries Other Than Canada on Judicial 
Assistance Matters 
Q31: Please provide the names, titles, offices, districts, telephone numbers, and email addresses 
of the individuals traveling abroad with you for purposes of conducting investigations, 
interviews, depositions, inspections, etc. Include all federal, state or local U.S. officials who 
intend to travel, as well as service providers who will be traveling with you (if applicable). 
Q32: Please provide the case name, USAO number, and court docket number. 
In re Jeffrey Epstein, USAO # 2018R01618 
Q33: What is the nature of the case (explain briefly in lay terms)? In what stage is the case? 
How sensitive is the case in your estimation? 
Investigation is ongoing and very sensitive. 
EFTA00010280
--- PAGE 5 ---
Q34: What is the purpose of travel? In particular, specify what will be accomplished during 
travel (e.g., interviewing witnesses, taking depositions, etc.). 
Interviewing and debriefing a witness. 
Q35: Please list the names and nationalities of persons to be interviewed or deposed, including 
addresses and telephone numbers if available. 
Q36: Is the prosecution of a foreign national foreseen? If so, provide name and nationality. 
A subject of the investigation is Ghislaine Maxwell. who is believed to be a citizen of the United States, the United 
Kingdom, and France. 
Q37: Is a host country government official to be deposed or interviewed? Please provide name, 
title, and whether the person has been contacted and has agreed to participate. 
No. 
Q38: Have foreign authorities (e.g., INTERPOL, foreign police) cleared the visit and are foreign 
authorities prepared to cooperate? Please explain in detail and reference the names, titles, and 
telephone numbers of the foreign contacts. 
Ycs. 
EFTA00010281
--- PAGE 6 ---
Part V. Additional Questions for Travel to Canada on Judicial Assistance Matters 
Q39: Please provide the names, titles, offices, districts, telephone numbers, and email addresses 
of the individuals traveling abroad with you for purposes of conducting investigations, 
interviews, depositions, inspections, etc. Include all federal, state or local U.S. officials who 
intend to travel, as well as service providers who will be traveling with you (if applicable). 
Q40: Please provide the case name, USAO number, and court docket number. 
Q41: Briefly explain the background of the case (including the nature of the case, stage of the 
case, special sensitivities associated with the case, and how much money is involved). 
Q42: What is the purpose of travel? In particular, specify what will be accomplished during 
travel (e.g., interviewing witnesses, taking depositions, etc.). Include the dates and times of the 
interviewing, investigating or other activities. Why is travel to Canada necessary? 
EFTA00010282
--- PAGE 7 ---
Q43: Names of persons to be interviewed or deposed, including dates of birth, nationality and 
citizenship, phone numbers, and home or business address for each witness and any other 
pertinent information that may assist in locating them. If this information is unavailable, 
DFAIT will not grant clearance. 
Q44: Provide confirmation that the interviews or depositions are voluntary and provide the 
contact information for the persons who have contacted the witnesses/suspects (e.g., Royal 
Canadian Mounted Police). 
Q45: Provide the name and contact information for any legal representative(s) who may take part 
in the proceedings, as well as that of their firm/organization. 
Q46: If the prosecution of a foreign national is foreseen, please provide name and nationality. 
Q47: If a Canadian government official is to be deposed or interviewed, provide name, title, and 
whether the person has been contacted and has agreed to participate. 
Q48: If INTERPOL, Canadian law enforcement, or another Canadian authority has cleared the 
visit or if Canadian authorities are otherwise prepared to cooperate, explain in detail including 
names, titles, and telephone numbers of the Canadian contact(s). 
The completed questionnaire and attachments (e.g., itinerary, training certificate), should be: 
• Emailed to OIA to obtain OIA's approval for foreign travel (unless OIA approval has already been 
obtained or unless travel is for civil purposes only) 
• Emailed to EOUSA (using the USAEO-Foreign Travel Mailbox) 
• Included as an attachment to the foreign travel authorization in E2 Solutions. 
If you have any questions about foreign travel, please contact the EOUSA RMP Travel Unit by emailing USAEO-
Foreign Travel or by calling (202) 252-5600. 
EFTA00010283


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010284.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010284.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: RE: Epstein Trust Analysis 
Date: Thu, 30 Jan 2020 00:07:31 +0000 
Ok. Thanks. 
From 
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 7:07 PM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Epstein Trust Analysis 
Please ignore this version, I will be circulating a revised version with some additional content tomorrow morning. 
From 
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 5:51 PM 
To: 
`> 
Subject: Epstein Trust Analysis 
Hi everyone, 
I've attached a summary/analysis of the Epstein trust documents we received. This document incorporates the analysis of 
the trusts from 2019 I did previously. 
On the bottom, you'll see each trust has a tab and then further amendments to the trust (if any) go chronologically to the 
right. There's also key and summary tabs at the beginning of the document. 
Please let me know if you have any questions, or if you'd like me to walk you through how to use the document, in case it 
isn't clear. 
Thanks, 
p.s. I wouldn't recommend printing the document, just due to the size of the excel tables. 
EFTA00010284


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010285.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010285.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Letter 
Date: Fri, 02 Oct 2020 13:26:21 +0000 
Attachments: 2020.10.02_Maxwell_Discovery_Letter.pdf 
Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg; image002.jpg 
Received. We have been working with the MDC to get complete answers to all of the issues you raised in your prior letter. 
We will send you a formal written response when we can do so in a complete manner. 
In the meantime, your copy of the new discovery production is ready for pickup at 1 St. Andrews. Attached please find the 
accompanying cover letter. We have also sent a copy of this new production to the MDC, along with replacement files of 
the materials your client had difficulty reviewing at the MDC. 
The production of 40,000 images is still being prepared by our IT department, and we will let you know when that 
production is ready to load onto drives. To answer one of the questions you asked on a previous call, the FBI seized 
approximately 3,500 nude images and 40,000 non-nude images during the New York and Virgin Islands searches. The FBI 
is preparing all approximately 43,500 images to be viewable on a secure laptop that can reviewed at the MDC. The FBI 
expects that process will be complete and the laptop ready for transport next week. We are still waiting on permission 
from the BOP for an FBI agent to bring the laptop into the facility. Once we have that, we will reach out to you to schedule 
a meeting at the MDC. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, October 1, 2020 11:11 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Letter 
Please see the attached letter. 
Regards, 
EFTA00010285
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00010286


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010287.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010287.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The Silvio!. Mollo Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
October 2, 2020 
BY ELECTRONIC MAIL 
New York, NY 10022 
Denver, CO 80203 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Dear Counsel: 
In recognition of the Government's ongoing discovery obligations, today we are producing 
copies of the materials listed in the below index, which materials are stamped with control numbers 
SDNY GM 000174967 through SDNY GM 
00328863. The password for the drive is 
The materials are available for pickup at the U.S. Attorney's Office in Manhattan. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
2020 Protective Order in this case.' This letter is itself designated as "confidential," because it 
includes information regarding records designated as "confidential" under the Protective 
Order. An index of the materials contained in this production is below: 
Bates Start 
Bates End 
Summary Description 
Confidential 
Designation 
Confidential 
SDNY_GM_00 174967 
SDNY_GM_00270985 
Deutsche Bank records 
SDNY_GM_00270986; 
SDNY_GM_00328070 
SDNY_GM_00323934; 
SDNY_GM_00328863 
JPMorgan Chase records 
Confidential 
SDNY_GM_00323935 
SDNY_GM_00324015 
GM Documents 
Files in PDF format designated as "confidential" under the protective order have been stamped 
"confidential." However, certain files cannot be individually labeled as confidential on the 
documents themselves due to their file format. Such files include in their electronic names the 
word "Confidential." 
06.20.2018 
EFTA00010287
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
SDNY_GM_00324016 
SDNY_GM_00324036 
Citibank records for Ghislaine Maxwell 
SDNY_GM_00324037 
SDNY_GM_00325754 
UBS records for Angara Trust, Montepelier 
Trust, Terramar Project, Inc., Max 
Foundation, Ghislaine Maxwell, Ghislaine 
Maxwell IRA, & Ellmax, LLC 
SDNY GM 00325755 
SDNY GM 00325761 
LSJ Scene2Go 
SDNY_GM_00325762 
SDNY_GM_00328069 
American Express records for Jeffrey 
Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell 
Confidential 
The Government is also reproducing to the defendant the files specified in Defense's 
September 21, 2020 letter. In order to avoid further difficulties with respect to viewing the files, 
the Government offers the following instructions: 
I. Any .dat, .dvt, and .vol files can be opened and viewed by right-clicking on the file and 
selecting "Edit with Notepad" or a similar text-viewing program. 
2. Any video file can be opened with VLC, which has been included. 
3. Accessory files (i.e. .dii, .ami, .cms, etc.) are to be ignored, as they serve no functional 
purpose besides assisting in the operation of other (i.e. video) files. 
4. Any previously flagged files that are not noted here have been converted to PDFs and/or 
had their file paths shortened to enable viewing. 
The Government recognizes that its discovery obligations are ongoing and will promptly 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
to reach out if you have any difficulty accessing these materials or if you wish to arrange a time to 
review physical items in the FBI's custody. 
Very truly yours, 
AUDREY STRAUSS 
Actin>r United States Attome 
by: 
j 
States Attorneys 
06.20.2018 
EFTA00010288


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010289.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010289.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: " 
> 
To: "Singer, Linda" 
> 
Subject: Accepted: Call w/ DOJ re. Epstein SONY Investigation 
Date: Fri, 02 Oct 2020 16:17:58 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
EFTA00010289


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010290.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010290.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Accepted: Call w/ DOJ re. Epstein SDNY Investigation 
Start Date: 2020-10-05 19:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2020-10-05 19:30:00 +0000 
Location: 
4279915# 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Comment: 
Date Created: 2020-10-02 16:40:02 +0000 
Date Modified: 2020-10-02 16:40:02 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2020-10-02 16:17:58 +0000 
Attendee: Singer, Linda 
EFTA00010290


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010291.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010291.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To 
Cc 
Bcc: "USAHUB-USAJournal111" 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein devices - privilege review 
Date: Mon, 05 Oct 2020 16:18:19 +0000 
Embedded: RE: Jeffrey_Epstein_devicesn
privilege_review.msg 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein devices - privilege review 
Message-Id: 
<SN5P110MB0542B0B7EIEEBI5DDIBC191F920C0@SN5P110MB0542.NAMP110.PROD.OUTLOOK.CO 
M> 
EFTA00010291


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010292.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010292.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> 
To: H 
Subject: 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion FILED to seal document" 
Date: Thu, 08 Oct 2020 20:55:23 +0000 
***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits 
attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of 
all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required by law or directed by the filer. PACER access fees 
apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first 
viewing. 
Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit 
Notice of Docket Activity 
The following transaction was filed on 10/08/2020 
Case Name: 
United States of America v. Maxwell 
Case Number: 20-3061 
Document(s): 
Documental
Docket Text: 
MOTION, to seal document, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 10/08/2020 by 
CM/ECF. [2948488] [20-3061] 
Notice will be electronically mailed to: 
Assistant U.S. Attome : 
usdoj.gov 
Assistant U.S. Attorne 
@usdo ov 
Assistant U.S. Attome 
Adam Mueller, -: 
Laura Menninger, 
Gerard Whidbee, Deputy 
er 
Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: 
Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk 
Quality Control 1 
@ca2.uscourts.gov 
The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: 
Document Description: Motion FILED 
Original Filename: 2020.10.08 Motion for Leave to File RB Under Seal.pdf 
Electronic Document Stamp: 
[STAMP acecfStamp_I
1161632333 [Date=10/08/2020] [FileNumber=2948488-0] 
EFTA00010292
--- PAGE 2 ---
[O9bf875450d32005359alld8e9823069dd4629182blfd5alf2e0fd0f90be688elb9fdee3039ddbe8a3e22af230e8d 
041d62a087b3a90509e54cdf0ff211d48e]] 
EFTA00010293


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010294.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010294.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 49 Filed 08/25/20 Page 1 of 4 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
United States of America, 
—v—
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant. 
USDC SDNY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC 0: 
DATE FILED: 8/25/20 
20-CR-330 (MN) 
MEMORANDUM 
OPINION AND ORDER 
ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: 
On August 10, 2020, the Defendant filed a letter motion related to two issues. Dkt. No. 
38. First, the Defendant seeks an order directing the Government to disclose to defense counsel 
immediately the identities of the three alleged victims referenced in the indictment. Second, the 
Defendant seeks an order directing the Bureau of Prisons ("BOP") to release the Defendant into 
the general population and to provide her with increased access to the discovery materials. For 
the reasons that follow, Defendant's requests are DENIED without prejudice. 
I. 
The Disclosure of Alleged Victims' Identities 
The Defendant first seeks an order directing the Government to disclose to defense 
counsel immediately the identities of the three alleged victims referenced in the indictment. Dkt. 
No. 38 at I. Her request is premature. Production of discovery, which may itself identify 
alleged victims and relevant witnesses to the defense, has just begun. Moreover, the parties have 
not yet engaged in discussions regarding an appropriate schedule for pretrial disclosures, 
including witness lists and § 3500 material. The Court is mindful of the factors pointed to by the 
Defendant—in particular the fact that charges in this matter relate to conduct that allegedly took 
place many years ago—and anticipates that such a schedule would require the disclosure of 
EFTA00010294
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 49 Filed 08/25/20 Page 2 of 4 
alleged victims and witnesses substantially in advance of trial. But that alone does not justify 
such relief at this very early stage. Following the close of discovery, the parties should meet and 
confer on an appropriate schedule in light of all relevant factors. If the parties are unable to 
reach agreement as to a pretrial disclosure schedule, the Defendant may renew her request. The 
denial is therefore without prejudice. 
II. 
The Defendant's Conditions of Confinement 
In her August 10, 2020 letter motion, the Defendant also sought "an order directing 
[BOP] to release Ms. Maxwell into the general population and provide Ms. Maxwell with 
increased access to the discovery materials while she is detained so that she can meaningfully 
participate in the preparation of her defense." Dkt. No. 38 at 1. The Government responded that 
the BOP has modified the conditions of Ms. Maxwell's confinement so that she has access to 
discovery materials thirteen hours a day, seven days a week. Dkt. No. 41 at 5. The Defendant's 
reply credited the GOP's change in policy but nonetheless asked the Court to "confirm these 
changes in an order to the BOP" and "that the Court order the BOP to grant Ms. Maxwell the 
same privileges given to other detainees." Dkt. No. 42 at 4-5. 
The Court denies this request. The BOP is providing the Defendant with conditions that 
allow her access to discovery materials so that she can meaningfully participate in the 
preparation of her defense. Further action by the Court as this juncture is therefore unnecessary. 
Should facts on the ground change such that the Defendant is not being provided sufficient 
access to her legal materials, defense counsel may seek intervention by the Court. 
The Defendant also requests that the Court order BOP that Ms. Maxwell "be monitored 
in the same manner as other pretrial detainees and that the Court order the BOP to grant Ms. 
EFTA00010295
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 49 Filed 08/25/20 Page 3 of 4 
Maxwell the same privileges given to other detainees." Dkt. No. 42 at 5. In a footnote, the 
defense clarifies that "[a]s long as Ms. Maxwell is monitored in the same manner, and receives 
the same privileges as other pretrial detainees, it is not necessary to move her to the general 
population." Dkt. No. 42 at 5 n.4. 
The Court sees no basis for granting the Defendant's request for an order directed to 
BOP. First, the Government has assured the Court that "[a]s with all inmates, the defendant is 
able to speak to her counsel behind a closed door, in an area that is visible—but not audible—to 
MDC staff," thereby ensuring that Ms. Maxwell's ability to communicate with her counsel is in 
no way interfered. Dkt. No. 41 at 4 n.5. And as to the more general implementation of 
surveillance procedures, the Court credits GOP's duty to ensure the safety and security of the 
Defendant as justifying the measures BOP has adopted. See Bell v. Wolfish, 441 U.S. 520, 547 
(1979) ("Prison administrators ... should be accorded wide-ranging deference in the adoption 
and execution of policies and practices that in their judgment are needed to preserve internal 
order and discipline and to maintain institutional security."). Nor does the Defendant provide 
any basis for the Court to conclude that the level of surveillance is punitive. Dkt. No. 42 at 5. 
Though pretrial detainees "may not be punished prior to an adjudication of guilt in accordance 
with due process of law," Wolfish, 441 U.S. at 535, it does not follow that surveillance measures 
are punitive just because the Defendant deems them "onerous." Dkt. No. 42 at 4. The 
Defendant has provided the Court with no evidence, and no reason to believe, that the 
surveillance measures are motivated by improper purposes. 
As a result, Defendant's request is denied. To ensure that Ms. Maxwell is able to 
continue to adequately participate in her defense, however, the Court hereby ORDERS the 
Government to provide written status updates every 90 days detailing any material changes to the 
EFTA00010296
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 49 Filed 08/25/20 Page 4 of 4 
conditions of Ms. Maxwell's confinement, with particular emphasis on her access to legal 
materials and ability to communicate with defense counsel. 
III. 
Conclusion 
For the reasons stated above, Defendant's requests contained in Dkt. No. 38 are DENIED 
without prejudice. Following the close of discovery, the parties shall meet and confer on an 
appropriate schedule for pre-trial disclosures, including the disclosure of § 3500 material, exhibit 
lists, and witness lists, taking into account all relevant factors. The Government is hereby 
ORDERED to submit written status updates every 90 days detailing any material changes to the 
conditions of Ms. Maxwell's confinement, with particular emphasis on her access to legal 
materials and ability to communicate with defense counsel. 
SO ORDERED. 
Dated: August 25, 2020 
New York, New York 
ALISON J. NATHAN 
United States District Judge 
EFTA00010297


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010298.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010298.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Accepted: Call w/ SDNY re: discovery, Epstein investigation 
Start Date: 2020-10-23 15:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2020-10-23 15:30:00 +0000 
Location: 844-215-6902„ 133318 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Comment: 
Date Created: 2020-10-22 16:58:40 +0000 
Date Modified: 2020-10-22 16:58:40 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2020-10-22 16:36:53 +0000 
Attendee: 
EFTA00010298


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010299.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010299.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
USANYS 
To 
Subject: Accepted: Call w/ SDNY re: discovery, Epstein investigation 
Date: Thu, 22 Oct 2020 17:02:29 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
EFTA00010299


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010300.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010300.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Accepted: Call w/ SDNY re: discovery, Epstein investigation 
Start Date: 2020-10-23 15:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2020-10-23 15:30:00 +0000 
Location: 844-215-6902„ 133318 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Comment: 
Date Created: 2020-10-22 17:11:58 +0000 
Date Modified: 2020-10-22 17:11:58 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2020-10-22 17:02:26 +0000 
Attendee 
EFTA00010300


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010301.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010301.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: '
(FBI " 
SI) (FBI)" 
(NY) (FBI)" 
Cc: "<1.11G6
,D" ,<W'NlYS)" 
Bcc: "USAHUB-USAJoumal111" 
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Maxwell discovery review 
Date: Tue, 20 Oct 2020 17:32:11 +0000 
Embedded: RE: JEXTERNAL_EMAILL_RE:_Maxwell_discovery_review.msg 
Sender: 
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Maxwell discovery review 
Message-Id: 
<SN5P110MB05421EA7EEC11741834787E1921F0@SN5P110MB0542.NAMP110.PROD.OUTLOOK.COM> 
To: 
To: 
To: 
To: 
Cc: 
EFTA00010301


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010302.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010302.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: draft MCC press release 
Date: Fri, 15 Nov 2019 17:02:04 +0000 
Attachments: MCC_Press_Release_vl.docx 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
0007 
EFTA00010302


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010303.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010303.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" 
To: 
(USANYS)" 
Cc: 
(USANYS)" cMIMIMIIM> 
Subject: Re: MCC 
Date: Sat, 16 Nov 2019 03:55:20 +0000 
Sounds like it. 
Sent from my iPhone 
> On Nov 15, 2019, at 8:53 PM, 
(USANYS) c:M=IM> 
wrote: 
> Yes, thanks. We think the union may be the source. 
> Sent from my iPhone 
>> On Nov 15, 2019, at 8:47 PM, 
(USANYS) aMl.' 
wrote: 
>> No doubt you've seen that the NY Post has an article this evening headlined: "Epstein jail guards had been 
offered plea deal but declined." 
>> Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00010303


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010304.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010304.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: ' 
Cc: "Blase, Nicholas (USANYS)" <Nicholas.Biase@usdoj.gov>, "Margolin, James (USANYS) 
[Contractor]" <James.Margolin@usdoj.gov>, " 
Subject: Re: JE case 
Date: Fri, 15 Nov 2019 19:42:15 +0000 
Thanks! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 15, 2019, at 2:33 PM, 
Hi 
wrote: 
Sure, I'm copying Nick Biase and Jim Margolin from our press office on this email. Thanks. 
From: 
Sent: Friday, November 15, 2019 2:28 PM 
To: 
Subject: JE case 
Good afternoon, 
Could you please provide me with the name and contact information for your press official in charge of handling matters 
related to Epstein. I would like to connect them with our Director of Public Affairs, Aja Worthy-Davis, who is responding 
to press inquiries for us. 
Thanks for your help. 
Sincerely, 
City of New York 
Office of Chief Medical Examiner 
520 First Avenue 
New York, NY 10016 
Web: www.nyc.goviocme 
EFTA00010304


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010305.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010305.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Chris Dilorio 
To: 
EFTA00010305
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Date: Sun, 19 May 2019 14:03:25 +0000 
Attachments: IMG_7021.jpg 
Inline-Images: image.png 
I reiterate: 
The SEC is a grossly corrupt criminal organization bought and paid for by criminals who threaten the integrity of 
our markets to the clear and very egregious detriment of the investing public it is sworn to protect. 
http://www.marketrap.com/article/view article/9152/bernard-madoff-the-mafia-and-the-friends-of-michael-
milken 
Bernard Madoff, the Mafia, and the Friends of Michael Milken - Market Rap 
- The Investor Empowerment Community 
In 2005, Patrick Byrne, the CEO of Overstock.com and future Deep Capture investigative reporter, began a 
public crusade against illegal naked short selling (hedge funds and brokers creating phantom stock to 
manipulate stock prices down).He said, over and over, that the crime was destroying public companies and 
had the potential to trigger a systemic meltdown of our financial markets. 
www.marketrap.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Friday, May 17, 
To: FRC@fincen.gov 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio < 
Sent: Wednesday, May 15, 2019 11:27 AM 
EFTA00010306
--- PAGE 3 ---
u•tec : w: po o 
ps em us ner connec ion 
Today (5/15/19) the grossly corrupt scumbags at the SEC approved ANOTHER massive fraud on the investing 
public: 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1665300/999999999519001111/xsIEFFECTX01/primary doc.xml 
The "genius f'n quant" AQR/Greek shipping 
/Economou/DRYS/ORIG/Astra/Nautilus/Navios/Gerber/AIPAC/Nordlicht/Glass/1MDB/Knitowski/Caneum/Trym 
etris/Liquid etc etc etc money laundering shell. 
Well done! 
BTW, HOW is the George Economou/ Georgios EKONOMOU SEC "investigation" coming along anyway? 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George Economou (shipbuilder) 
George Economou (shipbuilder) - Wikipedia 
George Economou or Georgios Ekonomou (r€wpytoc Otkovdµou, born 1953) is a Greek billionaire 
shipowner, CEO of DryShips Inc. and Ocean Rig, and the owner of Cardiff Marine.Economou owns oil 
tankers as well as dry bulk ships and manages them through Cardiff Marine. He was on the Forbes 
Magazines list of the world's billionaires on place 707. 
en.wikipedia.org 
What a coincidence: 
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team/amp
Trump's Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Is an Obscure Medieval Historian 
Andrew Ekonomou had a "mid-life crisis" and became an expert 
on Byzantium. Now he's helping lead the president's legal team in 
the Russia investigation. 
www.vanityfair.com 
Dude is DEFINITELY not getting the attention he deserves 
Then again, 
WHO actually believes Marc Bistricer of Toronto Canada was INVESTING in the $$$ laundering Ekonomou 
shell known as DryShips? 
https://seekingalpha.com/article/409678 I -strong-court-case-dryships-kalani 
EFTA00010307
--- PAGE 4 ---
Very Strong Court Case Against DryShips And 
Kalani - DryShips Inc. (NASDAQ:DRYS) I 
Seeking Alpha - Stock Market Insights I 
Seeking Alpha 
Source: rgrdlaw.com (court document) In 2012, DRYS generated 
$1.23 billion in total revenue, yet posted a $246 million loss. In 
fact, the company has been posting losses every year for the last 
seekingalpha.com 
'Charity not the motive" 
https://www.tradewindsnews.com/legal/1738610/kalani-claims-charity-not-a-motive-for-dryships-aid
Kalani claims charity not a motive for DryShips 
aid I TradeWinds 
Kalani claims charity not a motive for DryShips aid Marc Bistricer-
led investment house says it had risk and profit in mind lending 
to George Economou's struggling public company, not attempt to 
www.tradewindsnews.com 
The Toronto connection runs MUCH deeper though 
The overlap with AQR blank check shells and Polar Asset Mgmt Toronto 
The Toronto based Bistricer and EKONOMOU 
Bistricers in New Jersey TOO! 
AND 
DAVID Bistricer happens to be a real estate developer 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001649096&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Bistricer/Clipper "investor" 
Toronto based C I Investments 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000116364819000009/0001163648-19-000009-index.htm 
Check out this Reg D offering Bistricer/ Clipper did in Jan 2016 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000161577416004014/xsIFormDX01/primary doc.xml 
$130,000 Reg D offering for this Bistricer/Clipper publicly traded "real estate" company was done with an 
Atlanta based firm called H&L Equities 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Nothing to see here. 
EFTA00010308
--- PAGE 5 ---
Of Course, then there's the Hail Mary pass Kushner threw on his Toronto based Brookfield deal for 666 5th 
Avenue 
https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2019/03/12/toronto-based-brookfield-faces-scrutiny-from-democrats-
over-deal-with-kushner-company.html
Toronto-based Brookfield faces scrutiny from 
Democrats over deal with Kushner company I 
The Star 
J 
The real estate giant says politics were not at all involved in its 
decision to acquire a New York office tower from the family of 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
aide. 
www.thestarcom 
which was brokered by Apollo/Epstein Degenerate Black/Harris/Rowan 
https://therealdeal.com/2018/11/15/brookfield-turns-to-apollo-for-666-fifth-financingL
666 Fifth I Brookfield I Apollo Global 
Management 
Private equity company Apollo Global Management is funding 
Brookfield Property Partners' redevelopment of 666 Fifth Avenue 
with a $300 million-plus mezzanine loan, sources told The Real 
Deal ... 
therealdeal.com 
Apollo and other Kushner financing pal Blackstone just happen to be BOTH granted free reign on the US 
insurance/annuity industry. 
Crazy shit huh? 
Greek shipping Bag man Georgios Ekonomou meets Jared Kushner 
But it gets better still: 
Stephen Feinberg: Cerberus 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy-
advisory-panel
EFTA00010309
--- PAGE 6 ---
Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
to Lead Spy Advisory Panel - Bloomberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
Feinberg to lead his intelligence advisory board, the White House 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
and ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
Bawag/Refco 
Virtu first bid for Knight post "glitch" 
and now: Money Laundering Bank HSH 
Stephen Feinberg: Scum of the Earth meet Georgio EKONOMOU 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001369241&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Janey, IG update my various pending TCR's and complaints 
Yours VERY TRULY 
And INFINITELY smarter than anyone on this e mail list 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Monday, May 13, 2019 5:41 AM 
To: 
Subje : w: po o 
ps em ushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio
Sent: Saturday, May 11, 2019 8:00 AM 
To: 
Subj 
w. po o ps en us ner conne ion 
From: Chris Dilorio - 
Sent: Monday, May 6, 2019 6:38 AM 
EFTA00010310
--- PAGE 7 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Greetings grossly corrupt SEC et al scumbags 
As with ALL of my allegations: beyond a shadow of a doubt, 100% accurate 
https://www.sec.govilitigationicomplaints/comp17673.htm 
Complaint: SEC v. 
COMPLAINT. Plaintiff United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") alleges as 
follows: SUMMARY. 1. This case involves a $15 million "pump and dump" scheme involving the securities 
of Environmental Solutions Worldwide, Inc. ("Environmental"), a public company whose common stock is 
registered with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), and is ... 
www.sec.gov 
ESWW was a money laundering shell. 
The SEC knows it. The degenerate Epstein knows it. The Degenerate Leon Black/Kushner BFF/ Milken 
proteges/Marc Rowan/Apollo knows it. 
The DOORS knows it. 
IG, I have repeatedly offered to come to SEC DC HQ to have the brightest minds at the SEC totally humiliate me 
by refuting my allegations 1 by 1. The grossly corrupt SEC scumbags have never taken me up on my generous 
offer. For the very simple reason that ALL of my allegations are accurate and true. 
So, I again put the offer out there: 
refute my claims OR go to jail for the criminal obstruction ACTIVELY being facilitated by your office and the SEC. 
So, let's give these scumbags the insurance/annuities market. 
This will NOT end well for tens of thousands of Americans. 
Who "green lighted" this take over of the insurance industry by PE/Hedge funds? 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/antoinegara/2018/02/01/apollo-and-blackstone-pick-insurance-as-their-next-
bet-to-disrupt-wall-street/#5d647dbe7689 
EFTA00010311
--- PAGE 8 ---
Apollo And Blackstone Pick Insurance As Their 
Next Bet To Disrupt Wall Street - Forbes 
For decades, Wall Street's gambit in insurance was to write 
policies and use the float as a source of capital for new 
investments. Ifs a staple of Berkshire Hathaway and copycats like 
Markel and ... 
www.forbes.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, May 2, 2019 3:35 PM 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
IG, 
This was a blatant attempt to intimidate a whistleblower. "HE" (I think a male although very effeminate voice) 
was an anonymous, coward, scumbag who threatened me. AND then called me another 11/12 times after that. 
This is a VERY serious matter. Felony. I intend to see "him" prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Within 
weeks of filing a complaint against the SEC and you. 
I obviously have hit a nerve. 
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/white-house-tells-official-who-gave-kushner-security-
clearance-don-n997476 
EFTA00010312
--- PAGE 9 ---
V 
s 
C 
T 
s 
vr 
hite House whistleblower speaks out on 
ecurity clearance controversy 
an Kline was supposed to appear before House committee staff 
esday to face questions related to his handling of White House 
curity clearances. 
w.nbcnews.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Diiorio (no L's scumbag) 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, Apitimm 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
ESWW: A money laundering NASDACt/OTCM shell 
Milken degenerate Leon Black/Joshua Harris: Apollo 
AND 
EFTA00010313
--- PAGE 10 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
The SEC has known for years that Epstein is running a extortion/Ponzi/Slush Fund 
My Claims AGAIN 
https:Theekingalpha.comiarticle/3715526-environmental-solutions-worldwide-revisiting-holding-gone-dark-
can-sleep-better-night?mod=mw quote news 
Environmental Solutions Worldwide: Revisiting 
A Holding That's Gone Dark, So I Can Sleep 
Better At Night - Environmental Solutions 
Worldwide, Inc. (OTCMKTS:ESWW) I Seeking 
Alpha - Stock Market Insights I Seeking Alpha 
New CEO and recent trading activity warranted a review of a 
holding that no longer files. Based on the environment difficult 
y/y comparisons and results from competitors, 2015 is likely a 
down year. 
seekingalpha.com 
'Not credible"??? 
How about the SEC's OWN words? 
haps://www.bloomberg.cotninews/articles/201 8-10-0 Usec-spots-a-way-to-starve-the-most-suspicious-penny-
stocks 
SEC Spots a Way to Starve the Most 
Suspicious Penny Stocks - Bloomberg 
"If a company is a dark company and listed in the OTC market 
and hasn't put out financials for six months, maybe it shouldn't 
be quoted or offered to retail investors," Redfearn said ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
See my comment letters on this subject. 
The SEC INTENTIONALLY puts the investing public at risk of frauds like this and thousands others like it. 
The core biz at NITE/VIRT,CDEL etc and the reason WHY the OTCM exists: Abusive naked shorting publicly 
traded shells to facilitate money laundering. 
Shells go dark only AFTER a massive fraud has been perpetrated on the investing public: Main Street 
ANOTHER "genius" degenerate: Apollo 
the grossly corrupt SEC: Bought and paid for by common criminals and degenerates 
IC, I have time for that REQUIRED 3rd party cc today 
Call me 
Cheers! 
orio 
EFTA00010314
--- PAGE 11 ---
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Sunday, April 14, 2019 1:04 PM 
uoject. w. HIJUII<J/ cpsw 
/ NUM I er CUE tun)! 
A little Steffie Avakian//Heiss/O'Melveny/Wilmer Hale/ Apollo/Kushner Home Cookingl 
https://www.omm.com/professionals/howard-e-heiss/ 
Howard E. Heiss - O'Melveny & Myers 
Howard Heiss has an extensive litigation practice focused on 
government regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, 
grand-jury investigations, and the defense of clients in criminal 
cases, with a particular emphasis on securities matters. 
www.omm.com 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1411494/000119312508077312/dsl.htm 
Form S-1 - SEC gov 
Table of Contents. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The securities 
may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is 
effective. 
www.sec.gov 
https://www.wilmerhale.corn/en/madjan
gt9Sc
Jamie Gorelick I WilmerHale 
EFTA00010315
--- PAGE 12 ---
Jamie Gorelick's career has spanned the legal, policy and corporate landscapes. As one of Washington's 
best-known litigators, Ms. Gorelick has represented corporations and individuals in a wide array of matters, 
particularly in the regulatory and enforcement arenas, involving issues as diverse as antitrust, 
environmental regulation, securities enforcement, national security regulation, etc. 
vx,rw.wi m erha e co m 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/insights/news/forrner-director-of-the-tbi-robert-mueller-iii-joins-wilmerhale 
Former Director of the FBI Robert Mueller III 
Joins WilmerHale 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
joining the firm as a partner after serving as the sixth Director of 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), a position he took one 
week prior to the September 11 attacks and held for 12 years 
under two presidents. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.sec.govibiography/avakian-stephanie
SEC.gov I Stephanie Avakian 
Stephanie Avakian was named Co-Director of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of 
Enforcement in June 2017, after serving as Acting Director since December 2016. 
www.sec.gov 
SEC drops Apollo investigation after Kush Jr met with Harris at the WH 
and Apollo gives Kush's some $$$$ 
And, Apollo gets $60 bil+ in inflows in 2018 
Did I miss something? 
Cheers! 
You corrupt fucking scumbags 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, April 13, 2019 11:30 AM 
EFTA00010316
--- PAGE 13 ---
Subject: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Find a shell 
Find a fraud 
Enviromental Solutions Worldwide Inc 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001082278&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Florida? 
Pennsylvania? 
Or 
Canada? 
Welcomed on Cromwell/Wimpfheimer OTCM 
De registered in 2015 and Frozen in time 
Literally 
http://eswgroup.com/esw-group-corporate/our-board/ 
Our Board - ESW Group® 
MARK YUNG Mr. Yung is Co-Founder and Managing Principal of 
OCV Management, LLC ("OCV"), an investor, owner and operator 
of technology and life science companies based in Los Angeles. 
Previously, Mr. Yung was a Managing Director at Orchard Capital 
Corp., a firm he joined in 2006. Through his affiliation with [...] 
eswgroup.com 
Dozens of filings by former Milken (ahem) right hand man Leon Black, Apollo, his family Trust, et al 
Then, 
There's this: 
Has anyone (anyone) ever seen Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein on the other side of a trade? 
The ONLY SEC filing of Epsteins' Financial Trust Company Inc is in 
wait for it 
Leon Black/Apollo Environmental Solutions Worldwide 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000090901211000390/0000909012-11-000390-index.htm 
Enter the Amicus blocking release of Epstein docs 
EFTA00010317
--- PAGE 14 ---
Krieger, Kim and Lewin 
https://www.kkIllp.com/ 
Krieger Kim & Lewin LLP 
We are committed to providing the highest level of partner-driven representation in order to efficiently 
achieve client objectives. Over the last decade, we have conducted and supervised dozens of federal 
criminal trials involving some of the highest profile and most sensitive matters prosecuted by the United 
States Government. 
www.kkIllp.com 
Financial fraud appears to be a specialty of this recently formed/SDNY Alum firm 
Now, 
it gets VERY interesting 
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/28/apollo-citigroup-loaned-kushner-companies-millions-new-york-times.html 
Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Kelly 
Kushner even discussed the possibility of a White House job for 
the founder of private equity firm Apollo, the New York Times 
reported on Tuesday. 
www.cnbc.com 
Where another Milken protege/Apollo founding partner Josh Harris was considered for a White House job 
"Coindences" 
https://nypost.com/2018/03/02/sec-dropped-probe-month-after-firm-aided-kushner-companyi
SEC dropped probe month after firm aided 
Kushner company 
The feds last year dropped an investigation into a financial 
company a month after the firm gave Jared Kushner's family real 
estate business a $180 million loan, a new report said Friday. 
There ... 
nypost.com 
Oh, baby 
EFTA00010318
--- PAGE 15 ---
$60 billion+ inflows in 2018 for Apollo 
https://www.businesswire.cominews/home/20180802005343/en/Apollo-Global-Management-LLC-Reports-
Quarter-2018 
Apollo Global Management, LLC Reports 
Second Quarter 2018 Results I Business Wire 
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apollo Global Management LLC 
(NYSE:APO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "Apollo") 
today reported results for the second quarter ended June 30, 
2018. 
www.businesswire.com 
Mr's Krieger,Kim,Boltz et al: 
Discovery will be a hoot! 
Fucking A 
I am good 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
EFTA00010319


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010320.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010320.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Gary Bloxsome 
Cc: 
Daniel Cundy 
Bcc: "USAHUB-USAJouma1111" al
IMME> 
Subject: RE: Reference materials further to our call 
Date: Wed, 23 Sep 2020 22:37:41 +0000 
Embedded: RE:_Reference_materials_further_to_our_call.msg 
Sender: 
Subject: RE: Reference materials further to our call 
Message-Id: 
<CY1P110MB0342CD55B72F34BC1B7D8A8892380@CY1P110MB0342.NAMP110.PROD.OUTLOOK.CO 
M> 
Cc: 
Cc: 
Cc: 
EFTA00010320


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010321.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010321.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Gary Bloxsome 
Cc: 
aniel Cundy 
Jennifer Richardson 
Subject: RE: Reference materials further to our call 
Date: Wed, 23 Sep 2020 22:37:35 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg; image002.jpg 
Dear Gary, 
Thank you for your email of September 16, 2020. We understand that your client has declined to sit for a voluntary 
interview and provide oral answers in real time to our office. Because the written statement you propose to provide will 
not assist our investigation, we intend to move forward with our MLA request seeking a compelled interview of your 
client. Accordingly, we plan to inform the UKCA that the parties are not able to reach agreement on a voluntary interview 
and that a voluntary interview will not occur. 
Best regards, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
ISM 
From: Gary Bloxsome 
Sent: Wednesda , Se tember 16, 2020 2:52 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
, Daniel Cundy; Jennifer Richardson 
Subject: Re: Reference materials further to our call 
Dear
i 
I believe my response is clear. The Duke of York will provide a witness statement and will agree, following the provision of 
that witness statement, to a voluntary written interview wherein he will answer any and all relevant questions of him as a 
witness in writing about the full range of topics relevant to your ongoing investigation, including events not covered by 
the currently pending indictment against Ghislaine Maxwell. If you want to ask any questions in person or via video rather 
than in writing I am sure the Duke would be willing to receive your questions in that format before providing written 
answers. 
Kind regards 
Gary 
gang RInvcrima I Partnar 
$ RANKED IN 6 
Chambers .• 
% 
UK 
dr,  29 9 0 V
IS410,
iVadiall HMI 
LLBIL
500 
TUT TIER 
2020 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
EFTA00010321
--- PAGE 2 ---
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling 020 
8686 6232 where we will respond to the messages in the order they are received or by emailing your 
enquiry to covidPblackfords.com 
Blackfords LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England & Wales with registered number 0C325398 at Hill House, 1 Mint Walk, 
Croydon, CRO lEA. A list of members' names is available at this address. 
GOPR: details of how we handle personal data can be found in ourPrivacy Statement 
Authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority under number 462078. 
On 14 Sep 2020, at 16:56 
External email: is it safe to open attachments and links? 
wrote: 
Dear Gary, 
Thank you for your email, and I hope you are well, too. 
Your response does not address two outstanding questions. First, will your client participate in a voluntary interview, 
either in person or via video, with our office? Second, will your client answer questions — in writing or otherwise -- about 
the full range of topics relevant to our ongoing investigation, including events not covered by the currently pending 
indictment against Ghislaine Maxwell? 
Please note that we will interpret a repeat of your client's offer to answer written questions relevant to the Maxwell 
indictment as an answer in the negative as to both questions. 
Best, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
From: Gary Bloxsome 
Se 
To: 
Cc: 
• Daniel Cund 
ennifer 
Richardson 
• 
u ject: e: e erence materia sfurther to our call 
Dear-
Hope you are well. 
Thank you for your email of September 10, 2020. We cannot confirm your understanding in the summary form that you 
present it. 
Our client has offered voluntarily to provide a written witness statement in relation to the criminal indictment against 
Ghislaine Maxwell and has also offered to answer questions in writing in relation to events relevant to that indictment 
even if they fall outside of the period of the indictment (1994 to 1997). 
We look forward to hearing from you further. 
Kind regards 
Gary 
Gary Bloxsome I Partner 
EFTA00010322
--- PAGE 3 ---
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling 020 
8686 6232 where we will respond to the messages in the order they are received or by emailing your 
enquiry to covid@blackfords.com 
Blackfords LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England & Wales with registered number OC325398 at Hill House, 1 Mint Walk, 
Croydon, CR0 lEA. A list of members' names is available at this address. 
GDPR: details of how we handle personal data can be found in ourPrivacy Statement 
Authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority under number 462078. 
On 10 Sep 2020, at 21:00, 
l c
> wrote: 
External email: is it sale to open attachments and links? 
Gary, 
Thank you for your email of September 1, 2020. We would like to confirm our understanding of that correspondence, 
as informed by all of our communications over the past few months, as conveying that (1) your client will not 
participate in a voluntary interview—either in person or via videoconference—with our office, and (2) that your client 
will not voluntarily answer questions, even as part of a written statement, regarding events that took place outside of 
the period 1994 to 1997. Please let us know if our understanding is incorrect. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
From 
Sent: Tuesday, September 1, 2020 1:35 PM 
To: Gary Bloxsome 
Daniel Cund 
Jennifer 
Rlrhardcnn 
Subject: RE: Reference materials further to our call 
Gary, 
We have received the below communication, and we will revert back as appropriate. 
thank you, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: Gary Bloxsome 
Sent: Tuesday, September 01, 2020 13:04 
To 
Daniel 
EFTA00010323
--- PAGE 4 ---
Cundy 
Jennifer Richardson 
Subject: Re: Reference materials further to our call 
Dear e, 
We have found our recent conferences with you and your team (on 27 July, 3, 11 and 20 August 2020) helpful and 
informative and again I extend my thanks for your taking the time to discuss these matters at length. 
In the UK the provision of a signed witness statement - bearing a statement attesting as to its truth - is a commonly 
used approach when a witness provides evidence. Whilst we appreciate that such an approach differs from what is 
standard in the US, we do not consider such an approach would be unhelpful, or of no utility, to your case. Our client is 
willing to provide you with a witness statement, addressing any issues that he may be able to,in relation to Ghislaine 
Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein, his association with them and his knowledge of them such as may be relevant to the 
prosecution of Ghislaine Maxwell. In addition - should you make written requests for clarification arising from that 
witness statement - our client could provide written answers by way of a supplementary/addendum statement. Such 
an interaction could take place more than once if necessary. Providing written answers to either written questions or 
to questions previously put, is again a common practice in the UK. 
You have invited us to identify any areas or subject topics which we would consider to be inappropriate or irrelevant to 
be put to our client; we consider that questions put/topics raised should rightfully be limited to the indictment period 
in the current proceedings (i.e. US v Ghislaine Maxwell), being 1994-1997. 
We are of course aware that you have requested a witness interview in your request to the UKCA and to ourselves; you 
have confirmed to us however (in January this year, through your liaison officer immediately prior to our recent 
conferences, and then during our conferences) that you regard our client not as a witness but as a subject. We have 
ventilated at some length our concerns regarding our client being interviewed in those circumstances and we consider 
a witness statement and the offer of further engagement with written questioning to be a fair compromise and one 
which would be acceptable in the UK. 
To move forward with the above approach, we would continue to require your assurance that the content of any such 
witness statement and supplementary written responses be treated with the utmost confidentiality, not used for any 
purpose other than in relation to the criminal proceedings against Ms Maxwell, and not be shared with any parties 
outside of your department, including complainants and their representatives in your investigation and in civil matters 
outside of it. 
Kind regards 
Gary 
Gary Bloxsome 'Partner 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling 020 
8686 6232 where we will respond to the messages in the order they are received or by emailing your 
enquiry to covid@blackfords.com 
Blackfords LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England & Wales with registered number 0C325398 at Hill House, 1 Mint Walk, 
Croydon, CRO lEA. A list of members' names is available at this address. 
GOPR: details of how we handle personal data can be found in ourPrivacy Statement
Authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority under number 462078. 
On 19 Aug 2020, at 18:19 
wrote: 
EFTA00010324
--- PAGE 5 ---
External email: is it safe to open attachments and links? 
Received, thank you. We'll speak with you then. 
From: Gary Bloxsome 
Sent: Wednesday, August 19, 2020 12:39 
To: 
Cc: 
ennifer 
Richardso 
; Daniel Cundy 
Subject: R . 
Yes 
Same dial in details as before. 
Regards 
Gary Bloxsome I Partner 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling 020 
8686 6232 where we will respond to the messages in the order they are received or by emailing your 
enquiry to covidPblackfords.com 
Blackfords LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England & Wales with registered number 1:K325398 at Hill House, 1 Mint Walk, 
Croydon, CRO lEA. A list of members' names is available at this address. 
GOPR: details of how we handle personal data can be found in ourPtivacy Statement 
Authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority under number 462078. 
On 19 Aug 2020, at 17:36, 
wrote: 
External email: is it safe to open attachments and links? 
Gary, 
Are we still planning to speak via phone tomorrow at 2:30 London time? 
Regards, 
From: Daniel Cundy 
Sent: Sunday, August 09, 2020 12:30 
To: 
Cc: 
Gary 
Bloxsome 
Jennifer Richardson 
Subject: Reference materials further to our call 
Dear = 
Apologies for the slight delay. 
Please find attached an extract from The Decision Procedure and Penalties manual (DEPP 7) from the Financial 
Conduct Authority handbook — drawing attention to 7.2.14. This practice and approach resonates with the law as 
set out in United States v. Allen, 864 F.3d (2d Cir.2017). We also attach an extract from the publication 
EFTA00010325
--- PAGE 6 ---
'Montgomery and Ormerod on Fraud: Criminal Law and Procedure' (2008) which summarises the approach taken 
by the Serious Fraud Office (see A7-327) to the limitations and protections on use when their compulsory powers 
are used in MLAT requests, an approach which reflects such cases as Kastigar v. United States, 406 U.S. 441 (1972) 
as well as decisions in UK domestic law. We reiterate the protection at Article 7 (2) of the MLAT treaty although 
there is no need to attach it. 
Kind regards 
Daniel Cundy I Partner 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling 020 
8686 6232 where we will respond to the messages in the order they are received or by emailing your 
enquiry to covid@blackfords.com 
Blackfords LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England & Wales with registered number 0C325398 at Hill House, 1 Mint Walk, 
Croydon, CRO lEA. A list of members' names is available at this address. 
GOPR: details of how we handle personal data can be found in ourPrivacy Statement 
Authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority under number 462078. 
Daniel Cundy I Partner 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling 020 
8686 6232 where we will respond to the messages in the order they are received or by emailing your 
enquiry to covidPblackfords.com 
Blackfords LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England & Wales with registered number 0C325398 at Hill House, 1 Mint Walk, 
Croydon, CRO lEA. A list of members' names is available at this address. 
GOPR: details of how we handle personal data can be found in ourPtivacy Statement 
Authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority under number 462078. 
EFTA00010326


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010327.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010327.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
" alMIE> 
To: 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: Nolle 
Date: The, 29 Sep 2020 16:06:25 +0000 
Attachments: Nolle letter.pdf; Proposed_Nolle.pdf 
Hi! Ho 
ou're doin well. Here's what we filed in the Epstein case 
EFTA00010327


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010328.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010328.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
., *c
> 
To: "Singer, Linda" 
Subject: Accepted: Call w/ DOJ re. Epstein SDNY Investigation 
Date: Mon, 05 Oct 2020 12:20:14 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
EFTA00010328


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010329.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010329.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Accepted: Call w/ DOJ re. Epstein SDNY Investigation 
Start Date: 2020-10-05 18:45:00 +0000 
End Date: 2020-10-05 19:15:00 +0000 
Location: 
.,4279915# 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Comment: 
Date Created: 2020-10-05 12:29:57 +0000 
Date Modified: 2020-10-05 12:29:57 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2020-10-05 12:20:14 +0000 
Attendee: Singer, Linda < 
EFTA00010329


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010330.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010330.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "etravelservicesC cwtsat travel.com" <etravelservices cwtsatotravel.c m> 
To: 
Subject: Final Voucher 10892303-1(1) approved by 
approval 
Date: Tue, 31 Dec 2019 14:30:28 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
now awaiting further 
Dea 
Final voucher 10892303-1(1) has been approved b 
Trip ID: 10892303-1 
Voucher ID: 1 
Voucher type: 
Traveler name 
Purpose: R20NYS13197 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interview (California) 
Destination: Santa Monica, CA, United States 
Dates: 2019-12-15 - 2019-12-18 
Current status: Pending Voucher Approval 
Voucher total expenses: 2227.40 
Estimated trip cost: 2440.58 
E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
now awaiting further approval. 
Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
emails that you receive from us. 
Reference ID# V0010 
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00010330


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010331.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010331.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Chambers Street 
New York, New York 10007 
January 6, 2020 
By Electronic Mail and U.S. Mail 
Roberta A. Kaplan 
Kaplan Hecker & Fink LLP 
350 Fifth Avenue, Suite 7110 
New York, NY 10118 
Re: 
Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Ms. Kaplan: 
I am the Assistant U.S. Attorne ("AUSA") who will be handling the request you 
discussed with AUSA 
for certain information relating to Jeffrey Epstein. 
Because your request seeks information from Department of Justice (the "Department") 
employees acquired during and as part of their performance of their official duties, your request 
is governed by certain Department regulations—commonly referred to as Touhy regulations—
which, inter alia, prohibit any Department employee from disclosing such information "without 
prior approval of the proper Department official in accordance with §§ 16.24 and 16.25 of this 
part." 28 C.F.R. § 16.22(a); see also United States ex reL Touhy v. Ragen, 340 U.S. 462 (1951); 
C.F.R. § 16.21 et seq. The "proper official" in this case is Geoffrey S. Berman, the United 
States Attorney for the Southern District of New York. The Touhy regulations provide a set of 
procedures for the United States Attorney to follow when considering such requests. See 28 
C.F.R. §§ 16.22(b), 16.24. 
A party seeking to obtain records or employee testimony from the Department must first 
submit a written demand. See 28 C.F.R. § 16.22. To assist the United States Attorney in 
evaluating your request, we ask that this demand provide a detailed statement of the information 
sought; the litigation for which you seek this information; the pertinence of the information 
sought to your litigation; and the availability (or absence) of means in that litigation, including 
discovery, to obtain the information in question. See id. § 16.22(d). 
The U.S. Attorney will reach a determination regarding your request in light of the 
considerations codified at 28 C.F.R. §§ 16.24, 16.25, and 16.26. Such considerations include, 
inter alia, "[w]hether such disclosure is appropriate under the rules of procedure governing the 
case or matter in which the demand arose," 28 C.F.R. § 16.26(a)(1), and "[w]hether disclosure is 
appropriate under the relevant substantive law concerning privilege," including law enforcement 
privilege. 28 C.F.R. § 16.26(a)(2). Disclosure will not be made when, inter alia, "[d]isclosure 
would violate a statute . . . or a rule of procedure, such as the grand jury secrecy rule," 28 U.S.C. 
§ 16.26(b)(1), "[d]isclosure would reveal a confidential source or informant," 28 U.S.C. § 
16.26(b)(4), or "[d]isclosure would reveal investigative records compiled for law enforcement 
purposes, and would interfere with enforcement proceedings or disclose investigative 
techniques," 28 U.S.C. § 16.26(b)(5). Applying these considerations, the Department will make 
appropriate disclosures when warranted. See 28 C.F.R. § 16.26(c). 
EFTA00010331
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
My understanding is that you may intend to make a formal written request pursuant to the 
above-described regulations. If you choose to submit a written request, please send it directly to 
me. We will act upon an application made pursuant to the Department's regulations. 
Please contact me once you have had a chance to review this letter if you would like to 
discuss the issues herein further. 
Sincerely, 
GEOFFREY S. BERMAN 
United States Attorney for the 
Southern District of New York 
By: 
Assistant United States Attorne 
Telephone 
Facsimile: 
E-mail: 
EFTA00010332


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010333.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010333.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: RE: Page Six: Ghislaine Maxwell's powerful contacts protecting her in safe houses 
Date: Thu, 02 Jan 2020 18:32:31 +0000 
Oh no not at all — I always appreciate it when you send this stuff along!! Good to keep an eye on it, and certainly 
entertaining — even when crazy : ) 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, January 02, 2020 13:32 
To: 
Subject: RE: Page Six: Ghislaine Maxwell's powerful contacts protecting her in safe houses 
Agree. Sorry for even wasting your time with it! 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, January 2, 2020 1:31 PM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Page Six: Ghislaine Maxwell's powerful contacts protecting her in safe houses 
I truly cannot believe this stuff gets printed. So absurd. 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, January 02, 2020 13:29 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Page Six: Ghislaine Maxwell's powerful contacts protecting her in safe houses 
https://pagesix.com/2020/01/O1/ghislaine-maxwells-powerful-contacts-protecting-her-in-safe-houses/ 
I'm sure you've seen this already. Totally just FWIW — NBC has heard that she's staying in Colorado with wealthy ex-
associates of Epstein. 
Public Affairs 
United States Department of Justice 
U.S. Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010333


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010334.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010334.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Date: Thu, 16 Jan 2020 19:56:23 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.jpg 
Just resent (and sorry for the delay!)—please let me know if the email doesn't come through. Thanks. 
From•
Sent: Wednesday, January 15, 2020 10:40 AM 
To: 
Subject: RE: 
Can you send the photos again? Only the photo booth ones came through. I want to attach them to the 302. 
Thanks! 
From: 
Sent: Sunday, December 15, 2019 10:56 PM 
To: Young, 
Subject: Fwd: 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Brittany Henderson 
Date: September 30, 2019 at 9:49:58 AM PDT 
To:' 
Cc: Brad Edwards 
Subject: Re: 
I have attached the two photographs that we have of 
from the relevant time period. Brad and I are both currently out 
of the office, but will get documents to you when we get back. 
Thanks, 
EFTA00010334
--- PAGE 2 ---
- 
„ 
•••• 
-••••4 
• 
"•••••• 
-•••••••• 
•••• 
•••••.• 
-
-m••••• 
••••.. 
•
•• 
• 
WI• t •M 
••••••• 
• • 
...ft.:. •--... 
~
_
.
_
_
_
-
-
-
-
'
_
a
-
-
•
,
_
, 
..._ .._ 
• 
- 
--... 
....  ''"'ft•-- 
,,,..".....
-. - 
..._ 
... 
..... 
-, ,,.... .......„ --_ 
._ 
- 
••,-
---_ 
-. 
map 
EFTA00010335
--- PAGE 3 ---
Brittany Henderson, Esq. 
Edwards Pottinger LLC 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
www.epllc.com 
On Sep 30, 2019, at 9:48 AM, 
> wrote: 
Hi Brad, 
Just following up on this— we're happy to take these by whatever method is easiest for you. One option would be to mail us 
a CD or thumb drive, but please let us know what works for you. On the subject of documents relating to 
do you have any photographs of her from the relevant time period? Or are you able to ask her if she has them? 
Thanks, 
From: Brad Edwards 
Sent: Monday, September 23, 2019 2:32 PM 
To: =II=.1
>; Brittany Henderson 
Cc 
Subject: RE: 
We will send you all of the emails we have. 
<image001.png> 
Brad Edwards 
Board Certified Trial Attorney 
brad@splIc.com I www.eplk.com 
From: 
Sent: Monday, September 23 2019 2:27 PM 
To: Brittany Henderson 
Cc 
Subject: 
Hi Brittany, 
We met with 
last week in California, which was helpful. She mentioned that she had provided you with 
a batch of emails relating to her encounters with Epstein. She indicated that she would be willing to share those with us, and 
that we should contact you to coordinate. Are you able to share those documents with us? If you have any questions or if you 
think a call would be helpful to discuss, please let us know. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010336
--- PAGE 4 ---
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00010337


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010338.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010338.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: Subpoena Ghislaine Maxwell 
Date: Wed, 10 Jun 2020 21:38:34 +0000 
Attachments: Nothing_Found_Letter.pdf 
Please see response regarding subpoena for Ghislaine Maxwell. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thank 
you. 
Legal Process Specialist I Judicial Compliance 
UMB Bank 
1010 Grand Ave I Kansas City, MO 64106 
.u) 
Office 
dint on IN 
NOTICE: This electronic mail message and any attached files are confidential. The information is exclusively 
for the use of the individual or entity intended as the recipient. If you are not the intended recipient, any use, 
copying, printing, reviewing, retention, disclosure, distribution or forwarding of the message or any attached file 
is not authorized and is strictly prohibited. If you have received this electronic mail message in error, please 
advise the sender by reply electronic mail immediately and permanently delete the original transmission, any 
attachments and any copies of this message from your computer system. Thank you. 
EFTA00010338


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010339.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010339.pdf
----------------------------------------
UMB 
June 10, 2020 
Attn: 
Southern District of New York 
ST Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
RE: Ghislaine Maxwell 
Dear 
On June 10, 2020 we received the attached request(s) as referenced 
above. 
I was unable to find anything that you are requesting for the 
customer(s) listed above and/or on the dates listed on the 
subpoena(s). 
Please feel free to contact me if you have any further questions on 
this matter. I can be reached 
Sincerely, 
Legal Process Specialist 
UMB n.a. 
P.O. Box 419226 
Kansas City Missouri 64141-6226 
816.860.7000 
umb.com 
Member FDIC 
EFTA00010339


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010340.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010340.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" alMIE> 
To: 
(USANYS)" `t
IMIE> 
Subject: RE: Epstein 
Date: Fri, 26 Apr 2019 15:39:58 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Are you at the airport? I wouldn't mind chatting for just a minute to make sure we're on the same page on bullet 
points before I draft. 
Original Messa e 
From: 
(USANYS)
Sent: Frida , April 26, 2019 11:37 AM 
To:
(USANYS 
Cc: 
(USANYS)
Subject: Re: Epstein 
I'm traveling today, back on Sunday so could do it then or otherwise have to defer toM— sorry. 
Sent from my iPhone 
> On Apr 26, 2019, at 10:35, 
(USANYS) <
IMIIM> wrote: 
>lcMis going to meet with Brad Weinshiemer on Monday - can you guys put together an update memo this 
a ernoon on where we are, what we've done since the last update memo, and next steps? This just for 
for now, not for sending down to DC. 
> Sent from my iPhone 
(USANYS) `MMMIE> 
EFTA00010340


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010341.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010341.pdf
----------------------------------------
04/26/2019 12:38 EDT 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
US Passport (P ) 
Generated B 
Page 1 of 1 
ormation 
Last Name 
First Name 
 Dos 
!Gender 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY EDWARD 
n'.'20/1953 
IM - Male 
US Pass rt Information 
Passport a 
Passport Status 
Document Type 
I - ISSUED 
P - PASSPORT 
Issue Gauntry 
Issue Date 
Expiration Data 
USA - UNITED STATES 
09/12/2012 
05/26/2020 
I 
I 
Personal nthrmafioll 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOS 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY EDWARD 
01/20/1953 
Gender 
Piece of Binh 
Nationality 
j.i - Male 
,USA - UNITED STATES 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
EFTA00010341


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010342.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010342.pdf
----------------------------------------
04/26/2019 12:40 EDT 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
US Passport (P ) 
Generated By: 
Page 1 of 1 
ormation 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Gender 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY EDWARD 
C' 
C'195 
M - Male 
US Passport Information 
Passports 
PasspM Status 
Document Type 
I - ISSUED 
P - PASSPORT 
Issue Country 
Issue Date 
Expiration Dale 
USA - UNITED STATES 
05/31/2016 
05/30/2020 
Personal Information 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOS 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY EDWARD 
01/20/1953 
Gender 
Mane or Beth 
Nationality 
)./ - Male 
J
USA - UNITED STATES 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
EFTA00010342


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010343.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010343.pdf
----------------------------------------
04/26/2019 12:36 EDT 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
US Passport (P ) 
Generated By: 
Page 1 of 1 
Von 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Gender 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY EDWARD 
M - Male 
US Passport Information 
Passports 
Passport Status 
Document Tlys 
I - ISSUED 
P - PASSPORT 
Issue Country 
Issue Date 
Ewe-anon Dale 
USA - UNITED STATES 
03/08/2019 
03/07/2029 
IM 
Personal Information 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY EDWARD 
Gender 
Place el Beth 
Nalleeallly 
M - Male 
USA - UNITED STATES 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
EFTA00010343


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010344.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010344.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Epstein Travel 
Date: Thu, 25 Apr 2019 22:37:15 +0000 
Attachments: Epstein_Travel_1.12015_to_4.21.2019.pdf 
Attached is a summary of Epstein's travel from 1.1.2015 to 4.21.19. 
Special Agent 
FBI New York 
VCAC/Human Trafficking 
C: 
O: 
EFTA00010344


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010345.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010345.pdf
----------------------------------------
04/22/2019 19:25 EDT 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 1 of 6 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOS 
Doe 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Date-Time 
Carder 
Code 
Carder 
Num. 
VO Site 
Insp 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
An 
Loc 
Dep 
Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
5666726/5 
04/19/2019 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KIES 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
566672615 
04/14/2019 
13:08 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
566672615 
04/02/2019 
18:45 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A461 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
566672615 
03/19/2019 
00.00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
566672615 
03/15/2019 
17:34 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
03/14/2019 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
02/19/2019 
16:41 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI HOPP 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
02/19/2019 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
MDPP TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
02/08/2019 
16:44 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
02/08/2019 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
01/30/2019 
12:56 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
01/22/2019 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
01/16/2019 
17.11 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
01/08/2019 
15:02 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
01/06/2019 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KBCT 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
12/14/2018 
08:49 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
12/14/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
11/28/2018 
15:27 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
11/28/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
11/25/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KBCT 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
11/24/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KBCT 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
11/11/2018 
08:24 
*GA 
N212JE 
I 
A10D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
EFTA00010345
--- PAGE 2 ---
04/22/2019 19:25 EDT 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 2 of 6 
Lestriams 
FIrstl4min 
DOB 
Doc 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Date.Thne 
Carder 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
I/O Site 
Insp 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
Am 
Loc 
Dep 
Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
11/02/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
10/30/2018 
15:36 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A1OD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
10/28/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
10/11/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
10/10/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
09/30/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
09/22/2018 
17.52 
'GA 
N120JE 
I 
A10D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
09/22/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N120JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
09/20/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
09/13/2018 
18.11 
•GA 
N120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
09/06/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
08/29/2018 
17:44 
•GA 
N120JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
08/25/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
08/15/2018 
22:03 
•GA 
N120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
08/14/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
08/06/2018 
21.13 
•GA 
N120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
08/05/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
07/29/2018 
13:18 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A10D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
07/21/2018 
00.00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
07/10/2018 
17:48 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
07/07/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
06/27/2018 
11:47 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
06/20/2018 
00:00 
•GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
EFTA00010346
--- PAGE 3 ---
04/22/2019 19:25 EDT 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Dee 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Date-Time 
Carder 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
I/0 Slte Insp 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
El al Eil 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
06/15/2018 
19:11 
'GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
06/15/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
06/02/2018 
21:21 
"GA 
N212JE 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KISP TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
06/02/2018 
00.00 
"GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
05/27/2018 
18:07 
"GA 
N212JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
05/22/2018 
15:42 
"GA 
N212JE 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KISP LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
05/13/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
04/27/2018 
19:57 
'GA 
N120JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
04/27/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
04/20/2018 
22:03 
"GA 
N212JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
04/20/2018 
00:00 
"GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
04/09/2018 
13:22 
"GA 
N212JE 
I 
A1OD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
03/31/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N212JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
03/27/2018 
17:39 
'GA 
N212JE 
' 
A512 
APIS 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
03/27/2018 
00:00 
"GA 
N212JE 
= 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
03/13/2018 
14:02 
'GA 
N120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
03/08/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
03/03/2018 
20:36 
*GA 
N120JE 
I 
AluD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
03/03/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
02/21/2018 
19:53 
'GA 
N120JE 
I 
Alf* 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
02/21/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KFXE 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
02/07/2018 
19.14 
'GA 
N120JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
02/07/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 3 of 6 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
EFTA00010347
--- PAGE 4 ---
04/22/2019 19:25 EDT 
Lastriame 
Flatters 
DOB 
Doc 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Date-Time 
Carder 
Code 
Carrier 
Num.
Lac 
V0 Slte 
'nap 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
ir
An 
Dep 
Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
01/27/2018 
16:39 
'GA 
N120JE 
I 
A1OD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB CYYR 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
01/27/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
I 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB CYYR 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
01/21/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
01/20/2018 
00.00 
'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
01/16/2018 
20:06 
'GA 
N120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
01/16/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
01/07/2018 
20.08 
'GA 
N120JE 
I 
AI0D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
01/07/2018 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
12/20/2017 
19:20 
'GA 
N120JE 
I 
A523 
APIS 
PASSENGER CUSTOMS 
KPBI TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
12/20/2017 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
12/12/2017 
16:56 
'GA 
N120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
12/08/2017 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
12/05/2017 
00:00 
eGA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
11/26/2017 
20:19 
'GA 
N120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
11/26/2017 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
11/07/2017 
21.03 
'GA 
N120JE 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
11/07/2017 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
11/03/2017 
00:00 
'GA 
N120JE 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TIST KPBI 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
EDWARD 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
10/20/2017 
09.03 
eGA 
N415LM 
I 
AlOD 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
10/09/2017 
00:00 
'GA 
N415124 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
10/05/2017 
21:21 
•GA 
N415LM 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KISP TIST 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
09/13/2017 
09:07 
•GA 
N415LM 
I 
A47E 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KISP LFPB 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
09/02/2017 
00:00 
•GA 
N415LM 
O 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
LFPB KTEB 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated By: 
Page 4 of 6 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
EFTA00010348
--- PAGE 5 ---
P 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
04/22/2019 19:25 EDT 
Generated By: 
Page 5 of 6 
Last Name 
First Name 
DOB 
Doc 
Type 
Document 
Number 
Date - Time 
Carder 
Code 
Carrier 
Num. 
I/0 Site Insp 
Type 
Status 
Ref 
I
Am 
Loc 
Dep 
Loc 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
08/29/2017 *GA 
N120JE 
A514 
APIS 
EDWARD 
08:33 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
08/29/2017 eGA 
N120JE 
I 
Name No 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TEB 
XXX 
00:00 
Name, No 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
08/02/2017 eGA 
N212JE 
I 
A10D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB TIST 
11:02 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
547017616 
07/20/2017 
B 
P515 
VEHICLE 
EDWARD 
08:32 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
07/20/2017 eGA 
N212JE 
I 
Name 't 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
TEB XXX 
00:00 
Name, • 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
07/16/2017 eGA 
N212JE 
Name 't 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
XXX PHI 
00:00 
Name, •, 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
07/11/2017 eGA 
N212JE 
I 
A10D 
APIS 
PASSENGER INS 
KTEB LFPB 
08:45 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
07/02/2017 eGA 
N212JE 
Name No 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
XXX TEB 
00:00 
Name, No 
EPSTEIN 
JEFFREY 
01/20/1953 P 
469911707 
07/01/2017 *GA 
N212JE 
Name No 
APIS 
PASSENGER 
XXX TEB 
00:00 
Name, No 
ToWINumbwolRecords100 
Codes 
Value 
CYYR 
CYYR 
TEE 
TETERBORO 
TIST 
TIST 
MDPP 
MDPP 
KTEB 
KTEB 
PBI 
WEST PALM BEACH 
KISP 
KISP 
XXX 
UNKNOWN AIRPORT (USED ONLY WHEN THE AIRPORT CODE IS UNKNOWN) 
KBCT 
KBCT 
KFXE 
KFXE 
LFPB 
LFPB 
KPBI 
KPBI 
IP PASSPORT 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
EFTA00010349
--- PAGE 6 ---
04/22/2019 19:25 EDT 
Cod's 
Value 
A461 
b 
CBP-TETERBORO, AIRPT HANGER 2 
A514 
A514 - CBP-ST THOMAS, GAF PREDEPART 
A1OD 
AIOD - CBP-TETERBORO, JET AVIATION 
A523 
AS23 - CBP-PALM BEACH, INTERNATIONAL 
ASI2 
ASI2 - CBP-ST THOMAS, VI PREDEPARTURE 
PSIS 
PSIS - CBP-CYRIL KING GAF, PRE-FLIGHT 
A47E 
A47E - CBP-LONG ISL, MAC ARTHUR APT 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
TECS - Person Encounter List 
Generated B 
Page 6 of 6 
For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive 
EFTA00010350


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010351.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010351.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: '
r dl 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Date: Mon, 29 Apr 2019 23:30:42 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Great — thanks very much. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, April 29, 2019 11:56 
To: 
Cc: 
) 
> 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
All of the data has been loaded to Relativity and is available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 24, 2019 11:36 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
> 
We've received some additional documents in this same production we'd like to include in the same general subfolder on 
Relativity ("BSF second production" under "BSF returns"►, please. I'm sending them in a separate folder link so that they 
don't mess up your process with the initial results; they're here: 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouANYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 InvestigationUt 2018 SDNY investigation \Subpoena 
Returns \ Boies Schiller\ 2019-04-23 Boies Schiller second subpoena response (follow-up) 
Please note there are a few things from that folder that do NOT need to be uploaded — the folder titled "!Original Zips" 
and the two PDF documents (in the main folder) don't need to go onto Relativity. And I think I neglected to give similar 
info for the original folder linked to below ("2019-04-18, Boies Schiller second subpoena response") — in that folder, we do 
not need the "!Original Zips" folder or its contents, and do not need the three PDF documents in the main folder to be 
uploaded. 
As always, please let me know if any questions or issues, and thanks very much. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, April 22, 2019 15:55 
To: 
EFTA00010351
--- PAGE 2 ---
Cc: 
) 
> 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
We can keep the folder structure that currently exists. If I have any questions regarding the documents I will let you 
know. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, April 22, 2019 3:51 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
) 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
> 
Following up on the below, and for the same case — US v. Epstein (USAO11 2018R01618) — could we please load the 
documents in the following folder into Relativity: 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouANYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 InvestigationV4 2018 SDNY investigation \Subpoena 
Returns \ Boies Schiller\ 2019-04-18 Boies Schiller second subpoena response 
In terms of structure, they can go under the "BSF returns" subfolder (under the folder "Subpoena Returns") under a new 
subfolder identified as "BSF second production". And under that, we'd like to keep the same folder structure as exists at 
the link. Does that work? 
And I don't believe there is DVD information (as in the "BSF first production" documents), but if there is, please let us 
know. Please also let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could let us know 
when it's all uploaded? 
thanks very much, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, March 28, 2019 11:16 
To: 
Cc: 
) 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Perfect, thanks very much. 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, March 28, 2019 09:02 
To: 
> 
> 
EFTA00010352
--- PAGE 3 ---
Cc: 
) 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
Hello a, 
The documents would need to be converted to a different format. I will talk to someone about getting the documents 
converted to a different format. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, March 27,2019 7:15 PM 
To: 
< 
Cc: 
>;I
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
That's no problem, we don't need those on Relativity. Separately, though will we be able to play those video files *not* 
on a DVD? That is, we only have them in electronic format (in the file folders) — I haven't tried to play them, so maybe it's 
just as easy as that, but wanted to check if we need to get them processed in some other fashion to be able to view 
independently of a DVD player. 
thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, March 26,2019 09:32 
To: 
Cc: 
`•
)'; 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
) 
Good Morning a, 
c=
> 
I have noticed that some of these documents contain data that appears to be from a DVD. A DVD contains a bunch of 
separate files to make everything play on a DVD, but it will not make sense to load DVD information into Relativity. The 
following should not be loaded to Relativity: 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouANYS StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 IFS091- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S9088H- H B3KTU3- 5 2MQV99--
I \G6WHHA- FVEIDCF- 7\ Interview H. R\VIDEO_TS 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 IFS09L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S9088H- H B3KTU3- 5 2MQV99--
I \GWR892--P 60AFYC—X Interview J. HWIDEOTS 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 IFS09L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S90B8H- H B3KTU3- 5 2MQV99-
I \GWR892--P 60AFYC—X Interview S. V\VIDEOTS 
\\Usa.doj.gov\clouaNYS\StAndrews\Shared\UUUV4Q-3\IFS09L-P\_AMUFM-3\S9088H-H\B3KTU3-5\2MQV99--
EFTA00010353
--- PAGE 4 ---
I \GYCEJB- B\ 53V7CE- B \ Interview A. DWIDEOTS 
5. 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS \ StAndrews \Shared \ UUUV4Q- 3 \ IFSO9L- P \_AMUFM- 3 \S9088H—H \ B3KTU3- 5 \ 2MQV99--
I \GYCEJB—B \ 53V7CE—B \ Interview A. TWIDEOTS 
6. \\ Usa.doj.gov \cloud\ NYS \StAndrews\ Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 \ Investigation \ tt 2018 SONY 
investigation \Subpoena Returns \Boies Schiller \2019-03-04, Boies Schiller first subpoena response \al SUBPOENA 
RESPONSE 004582 (State Disc 1)\2. Walkthrough Video 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, March 25, 2019 7:00 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
ca; 
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity 
<e; 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO ft 2018R01618): 
\\ Usa.doj.gov\ cloud\ NYS \ StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 \ Investigation \I4 2018 SDNY investigation \Subpoena 
Returns \ Boies Schiller\2019-03-04 Boies Schiller first subpoena response 
In terms of structure, we'd like to create a folder identified as "Subpoena Returns" (at the same level as "FBI Case File" is 
currently), and in a subfolder within Subpoena Returns, a folder titled "BSF returns," and within that a subfolder identified 
as "BSF first production" that the docs in the above link can be deposited into (including any additional subfolders). Does 
that work? 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
when it's all uploaded? 
thanks very much, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010354


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010355.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010355.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "etravelservices®cvvtsatotravel.com" <etravelservices®cwtsatotravel.com> 
To: 
Subject: Travel Authorization 10810414-1 approved by 
approval 
Date: Tue, 26 Nov 2019 14:09:46 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
now awaiting further 
Dear 
Travel authorization 10810414-1 has been approved by 
, now awaiting further approval. 
Trio ID: 10810414-1 
Purpose: R20NYS13179 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interview 
Destination: Santa Monica, CA, United States 
Dates: 2019-11-13 - 2019-11-15 
Current status: Pending Authorization Approval 
E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
emails that you receive from us. 
Reference ID# T0007 
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00010355


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010356.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010356.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "etravelservices®cvvtsatotravel.com" <etravelservices cwtsatotravel.com> 
To: 
Subject: Travel Authorization 10810414-1 approved b 
approval 
Date: Thu, 05 Dec 2019 14:39:30 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
now awaiting further 
Dear
Travel authorization 10810414-1 has been approved b 
now awaiting further approval. 
Trip ID: 1081 
Traveler name: 
Purpose: R20NYS13179 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interview 
Destination: Santa Monica, CA, United States 
Dates: 2019-11-13 - 2019-11-15 
Current status: Pending Authorization Approval 
E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
emails that you receive from us. 
Reference ID# T0007 
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00010356


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010357.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010357.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "etravelservices cwtsatotravel.com"<etravelservices cwtsatotravel.com> 
To: 
Subject: Travel Authorization 10892303 approved by 
now awaiting further 
approval 
Date: Fri, 13 Dec 2019 20:53:09 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Dear 
Travel authorization 10892303 has been approved by 
now awaiting further approval. 
Trip ID: 1089 
Traveler name 
Purpose: R20 
- . . v. pstem - itnessInterview (California) 
Destination: Santa Monica, CA, United States 
Dates: 2019-12-15 - 2019-12-17 
Current status: Pending Authorization Approval 
E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
emails that you receive from us. 
Reference ID# T0007 
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00010357


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010358.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010358.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 21:04:06 +0000 
Thanks very much. 
From
Se 
Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
FYI 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT 
To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORS@usms.doj.gov>
Cc: 
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
To all: 
Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have 
any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The followins directives 
apply and shall not be deviated from without express permission from 
myself or 
I. 
Inmate Maxwell will be housed in MI 
2. 
SRT personnel will be posted in medical and will only be relieved only by SRT personnel 
3. 
Staff will not converse with the inmate outside of the standard communication required related to the 
inmate's health and safety 
4. 
Inmate Maxwell will remain on a 15 minute observation watch 
5. 
All rounds, and touch probe rounds will be conducted and documented in )(Jail 
6. 
Third Shift Supervisors will download the touch probe rounds and camera footage from the previous day 
at 0000 hours each day. The video from the medical cell DVR will be downloaded onto a USB drive and will 
EFTA00010358
--- PAGE 2 ---
be tracked via the desi ated tracking form provided. Supervisors are directed to deliver this documentation 
and video to 
Monday July 6th
7. 
Inmate Maxwell will be authorized to communicate with her legal counsel, Lawrence Vogelman. This 
contact is only authorized after Atty Vogelman provides the appropriate PIN 
8. 
Any and all requests from Inmate Maxwell are to be directed to 
only 
At no time are staff authorized to make statements to the press regarding this matter or our SOP regarding this 
inmate. 
Supervisory Deputy United States Marshal 
District of New Hampshire 
Concord, New Hampshire 
office 
This e-mail is property of U.S. Marshals Service. It is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and 
may contain information that is privileged, confidential, or otherwise protected from disclosure. Distribution or copying 
of this e-mail or the information contained herein by anyone other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of this e-mail. 
EFTA00010359


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010360.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010360.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 19:46:44 +0000 
FYI 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT 
To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS 
SMS " <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORS usms.do.. ov> 
Cc: 
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
To all: 
Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have 
any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closet monitored. The followin directives 
a 
I and shall not be deviated from without express permission fro 
myself or 
I. 
Inmate Maxwell will be housed in MI 
2. 
SRT personnel will be posted in medical and will only be relieved only by SRT personnel 
3. 
Staff will not converse with the inmate outside of the standard communication required related to the 
inmate's health and safety 
4. 
Inmate Maxwell will remain on a 15 minute observation watch 
5. 
All rounds, and touch probe rounds will be conducted and documented in )(Jail 
6. 
Third Shift Supervisors will download the touch probe rounds and camera footage from the previous day 
at 0000 hours each day. The video from the medical cell DVR will be downloaded onto a USB drive and will 
be tracked via the desi ated tracking form provided. Supervisors are directed to deliver this documentation 
and video to 
Monday July 6th
7. 
Inmate Maxwell will be authorized to communicate with her legal counsel, Lawrence Vogelman. This 
contact is only authorized after Atty Vogelman provides the appropriate PIN 
8. 
Any and all requests from Inmate Maxwell are to be directed to 
only 
EFTA00010360
--- PAGE 2 ---
At no time are staff authorized to make statements to the press regarding this matter or our SOP regarding this 
inmate. 
Supervisory Deputy United States Marshal 
District of New Hampshire 
Concord, New Hampshire 
office 
This e-mail is property of U.S. Marshals Service. It is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and 
may contain information that is privileged, confidential, or otherwise protected from disclosure. Distribution or copying 
of this e-mail or the information contained herein by anyone other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of this e-mail. 
EFTA00010361


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010362.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010362.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: ' 
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 15:13:18 +0000 
Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with_about it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on 
the email from 
if you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach out to
 directly to discuss. 
From: 
Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:05 AM 
To: 
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
I will try. Can I start with 
- he may be in the best position to get it done? 
I 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 3, 2020, at 10:23 AM, 
Nrote: 
Thanks very much for passing this along. The permitted attorney contact on the list below only includes Vogelman 
without reference to her New York counsel. Would it be possible to add her two New York attorneys—Chris Everdell and 
Mark Cohen—to the list of people Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? 
Ideally, we would like to get them added today so that they can speak with their client over the weekend to facilitate our 
discussions with them about next steps in the case. 
Thanks, 
From:
Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM 
To 
Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
FYI 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT 
To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORS@usms.doj.gov>
EFTA00010362
--- PAGE 2 ---
Cc: 
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
To all: 
Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have 
any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The followin 
directives a 
and shall not be deviated from without express permission from 
myself or
.
I. 
Inmate Maxwell will be housed in MI 
2. 
SRT personnel will be posted in medical and will only be relieved only by SRT personnel 
3. 
Staff will not converse with the inmate outside of the standard communication required related to the 
inmate's health and safety 
4. 
Inmate Maxwell will remain on a 15 minute observation watch 
5. 
All rounds, and touch probe rounds will be conducted and documented in )(Jail 
6. 
Third Shift Supervisors will download the touch probe rounds and camera footage from the previous 
day at 0000 hours each day. The video from the medical cell DVR will be downloaded onto a USB drive and 
will be tracked via the designated trackin form provided. Supervisors are directed to deliver this 
documentation and video to 
Monday July 6th
7. 
Inmate Maxwell will be authorized to communicate with her legal counsel, Lawrence Vogelman. This 
contact is only authorized after Atty Vogelman provides the appropriate PIN 
8. 
Any and all requests from Inmate Maxwell are to be directed to 
only 
At no time are staff authorized to make statements to the press regarding this matter or our SOP regarding this 
inmate. 
Supervisory Deputy United States Marshal 
District of New Hampshire 
Concord, New Hampshire 
office 
This e-mail is property of U.S. Marshals Service. It is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and 
may contain information that is privileged, confidential, or otherwise protected from disclosure. Distribution or 
copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein by anyone other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If 
you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of this 
e-mail. 
EFTA00010363


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010364.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010364.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 15:39:21 +0000 
is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? 
Thanks. 
From: 
Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
Appreciate it, thank you. 
From 
Sent: Friday, July 3, 202011:21 AM 
To: 
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
I will callOand advise - he can be a little touchy. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM 
wrote: 
Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with 
about it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on 
the email from 
If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach out to
 directly to discuss. 
From:
Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:05 AM 
To: 
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
I will try. Can I start withO- he may be in the best position to get it done? 
I 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 3, 2020, at 10:23 AM 
wrote: 
EFTA00010364
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thanks very much for passing this along. The permitted attorney contact on the list below only includes Vogelman 
without reference to her New York counsel. Would it be possible to add her two New York attorneys—Chris Everdell 
and Mark Cohen—to the list of people Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? 
Ideally, we would like to get them added today so that they can speak with their client over the weekend to facilitate 
our discussions with them about next steps in the case. 
Thanks, 
From:
Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
FYI 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From:
Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT 
To: "NI-ID-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" c
> 
Cc: 
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
To all: 
Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you 
have any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The following 
directives apply and shall not be deviated from without express permission from 
myself or 
I. 
Inmate Maxwell will be housed in MI 
2. 
SRT personnel will be posted in medical and will only be relieved only by SRT personnel 
3. 
Staff will not converse with the inmate outside of the standard communication required related to the 
inmate's health and safety 
4. 
Inmate Maxwell will remain on a 15 minute observation watch 
5. 
All rounds, and touch probe rounds will be conducted and documented in )(Jail 
6. 
Third Shift Supervisors will download the touch probe rounds and camera footage from the previous 
day at 0000 hours each day. The video from the medical cell DVR will be downloaded onto a USB drive 
EFTA00010365
--- PAGE 3 ---
and will be tracked via the desi ated tracking form provided. Supervisors are directed to deliver this 
documentation and video to 
Monday July 6111
7. 
Inmate Maxwell will be authorized to communicate with her legal counsel, Lawrence Vogelman. This 
contact is only authorized after Atty Vogelman provides the appropriate PIN 
8. 
Any and all requests from Inmate Maxwell are to be directed to 
only 
At no time are staff authorized to make statements to the press regarding this matter or our SOP regarding 
this inmate. 
Supervisory Deputy United States Marshal 
District of New Hampshire 
Concord, New Hampshire 
office 
This e-mail is property of U.S. Marshals Service. It is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed 
and may contain information that is privileged, confidential, or otherwise protected from disclosure. Distribution or 
copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein by anyone other than the intended recipient is prohibited. 
If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of 
this e-mail. 
EFTA00010366


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010367.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010367.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 15:32:25 +0000 
Appreciate it, thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM 
To: 
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
I will cal 
and advise - he can be a little touchy. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM, 
wrote: 
Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with 
bout it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on 
the email from 
If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach out to
 directly to discuss. 
From: 
Sent: Friday, July 3, 202011:05 AM 
To: 
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
I will try. Can I start with
 he may be in the best position to get it done? 
I 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 3, 2020, at 10:23 AM, 
Thanks very much for passing this along. The permitted attorney contact on the list below only includes Vogelman 
without reference to her New York counsel. Would it be possible to add her two New York attorneys—Chris Everdell 
and Mark Cohen—to the list of people Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? 
Ideally, we would like to get them added today so that they can speak with their client over the weekend to facilitate 
our discussions with them about next steps in the case. 
Thanks, 
EFTA00010367
--- PAGE 2 ---
From 
Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
FYI 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT 
To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORSPusms doj goy> 
Cc: 
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
To all: 
Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you 
have any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The following 
directives a ly and shall not be deviated from without express permission frorr 
myself or 
1. 
Inmate Maxwell will be housed in MI 
2. 
SRT personnel will be posted in medical and will only be relieved only by SRT personnel 
3. 
Staff will not converse with the inmate outside of the standard communication required related to the 
inmate's health and safety 
4. 
Inmate Maxwell will remain on a 15 minute observation watch 
5. 
All rounds, and touch probe rounds will be conducted and documented in )(Jail 
6. 
Third Shift Supervisors will download the touch probe rounds and camera footage from the previous 
day at 0000 hours each day. The video from the medical cell DVR will be downloaded onto a USB drive 
and will be tracked via the designated tracking form provided. Supervisors are directed to deliver this 
documentation and video to 
Monday July 6111
7. 
Inmate Maxwell will be authorized to communicate with her legal counsel, Lawrence Vogelman. This 
contact is only authorized after Atty Vogelman provides the appropriate PIN 
8. 
Any and all requests from Inmate Maxwell are to be directed to 
only 
At no time are staff authorized to make statements to the press regarding this matter or our SOP regarding 
this inmate. 
EFTA00010368
--- PAGE 3 ---
Supervisory Deputy United States Marshal 
District of New Hampshire 
Concord, New Hampshire 
office 
This e-mail is property of U.S. Marshals Service. It is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed 
and may contain information that is privileged, confidential, or otherwise protected from disclosure. Distribution or 
copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein by anyone other than the intended recipient is prohibited. 
If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of 
this e-mail. 
EFTA00010369


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010370.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010370.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: ' 
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 15:04:57 +0000 
I will try. Can I start with 
he may be in the best position to get it done? 
I 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 3, 2020, at 10:23 AM, 
wrote: 
Thanks very much for passing this along. The permitted attorney contact on the list below only includes Vogelman 
without reference to her New York counsel. Would it be possible to add her two New York attorneys—Chris Everdell and 
Mark Cohen—to the list of people Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? 
Ideally, we would like to get them added today so that they can speak with their client over the weekend to facilitate our 
discussions with them about next steps in the case. 
Thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
FYI 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT 
To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORS@usms.doj.gov>
Cc: 
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody 
To all: 
EFTA00010370
--- PAGE 2 ---
Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have 
any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The followin 
directives a 
and shall not be deviated from without express permission from 
myself or
.
I. 
Inmate Maxwell will be housed in MI 
2. 
SRT personnel will be posted in medical and will only be relieved only by SRT personnel 
3. 
Staff will not converse with the inmate outside of the standard communication required related to the 
inmate's health and safety 
4. 
Inmate Maxwell will remain on a 15 minute observation watch 
5. 
All rounds, and touch probe rounds will be conducted and documented in )(Jail 
6. 
Third Shift Supervisors will download the touch probe rounds and camera footage from the previous 
day at 0000 hours each day. The video from the medical cell DVR will be downloaded onto a USB drive and 
will be tracked via the designated trackin form provided. Supervisors are directed to deliver this 
documentation and video to 
Monday July 6111
7. 
Inmate Maxwell will be authorized to communicate with her legal counsel, Lawrence Vogelman. This 
contact is only authorized after Atty Vogelman provides the appropriate PIN 
8. 
Any and all requests from Inmate Maxwell are to be directed to 
only 
At no time are staff authorized to make statements to the press regarding this matter or our SOP regarding this 
inmate. 
Supervisory Deputy United States Marshal 
District of New Hampshire 
Concord, New Hampshire 
office 
This e-mail is property of U.S. Marshals Service. It is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and 
may contain information that is privileged, confidential, or otherwise protected from disclosure. Distribution or 
copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein by anyone other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If 
you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of this 
e-mail. 
EFTA00010371


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010372.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010372.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
(USANH)" c 
usa.doj.gov> 
Subject: FW: Activity in Case 1:20-mj-00132-AJ USA v. Maxwell Notice of Attorney Appearance -
Defendant 
Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 16:23:42 +0000 
Attachments: Maxwell_NOA.pdf 
From: ecf_bounce@nhd.uscourts.gov <ecf_bounce@nhd.uscourts.gov> 
Sent: Monday, July 6, 202012:19 PM 
To: nef@nhd.uscourts.gov 
Subject: Activity in Case 1:20-mj-00132-A1 USA v. Maxwell Notice of Attorney Appearance - Defendant 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this 
e-mail because the mail box is unattended. 
***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits 
attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of 
all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required by law or directed by the filer. PACER access fees 
apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first 
viewing. However, if the referenced document is a transcript, the free copy and 30 page limit do not apply. 
U.S. District Court 
District of New Hampshire 
Notice of Electronic Filing 
The following transaction was entered by Vogelman, Lawrence on 7/6/2020 at 12:19 PM EDT and filed on 
7/6/2020 
Case Name: 
USA v. Maxwell 
Case Number: 
1:20-mj-00132-AJ
Filer: 
DR No. 1 - Ghislaine Maxwell 
Document Number: 5 
Docket Text: 
NOTICE OF ATTORNEY APPEARANCE: Lawrence A. Vogelman appearing for Ghislaine Maxwell 
. Attorney Lawrence A. Vogelman added to party Ghislaine Maxwell(pty:dft).(Vogelman, 
Lawrence) 
1:20-mj-00132-AJ-1 Notice has been electronically mailed to: 
usdo*.gov CaseView.ECF@usciPj.ga', 
us oj,gcs 
@usdoj,gi: 
Lawrence A. Vogelman 
Wt dj,gar, 
1:20-mj-00132-AJ-1 Notice, to the extent appropriate, must be delivered conventionally to: 
EFTA00010372
--- PAGE 2 ---
The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: 
Document description:Main Document 
Original filename:n/a 
Electronic document Stamp: 
[STAMP dcecfStamp_11: 1045603718 [Date=7/6/2020] [FileNumber=2213882-0] 
[27dda6f745ad0ed7f4815a46a6de59adc4e0fb29f2eIcf1012a203e9bf6acd55aab4 
995962cfd39bb761fd9be3ca44b0dd0f81f4b77ef05a7e4be62ccab43bdc]] 
EFTA00010373


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010374.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010374.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:20-mj-00132-AJ Document 5 Filed 07/06/20 Page 1 of 2 
USDCNH-96 (Rev. 7/14) Appearance of Counsel 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
District of New Hampshire 
United States of America 
Plaintiff 
V. 
 Ghislaine Maxwell 
Defendant 
Case No. 
20-cr-330 
APPEARANCE OF COUNSEL 
To: 
The clerk of court and all parties of record 
I am admitted or otherwise authorized to practice in this court, and I appear in this case as counsel for: 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Date: 
07/06/2020 
/s/Lawrence A. Vogelman 
Attorney's signature 
Lawrence A. Vogelman #10280 
Printed name and bar number 
Address 
E-mail address 
t 
Telephone number 
FAX number 
EFTA00010374
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:20-mj-00132-AJ Document 5 Filed 07/06/20 Page 2 of 2 
You need not complete a certificate of service for any party served electronically using the court's CM/ECF system. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that this Appearance was served on the following persons on this date and in the 
manner specified herein: 
Electronically Served Through ECF: 
NI counsel of record 
Conventionally Served: 
07/06/2020 
/s/Lawrence A. Vogelman 
Date 
Signature 
EFTA00010375


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010376.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010376.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: si
(USANH)"alMIM>
,
From: 
Subject: Fwd: SDNY Premises Search Warrant Bundle (second revised) copy 
Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 12:14:18 +0000 
Attachments: SDNY_Premises_Search_Warrant_Bundleisecond_revisedLcopy.pdf; ATT00001.htm 
(USANH)" 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: Jul 2 2020 at 8:09:59 AM EDT 
To: 
(USANH)" 
Subject: SDNY Premises Search Warrant Bundle (second revised) copy 
EFTA00010376


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010377.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010377.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
(USANH)" 
Cc: 
USANH)" 
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish 
Date: Mon, 28 Dec 2020 20:56:55 +0000 
(USANYS)" 
No need to extend the seal, thanks very much for checking. 
Hope you and the rest of the 
had a wonderful Christmas and have a Happy New Year! 
From 
USANH) 
Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 2020 2:42 PM 
To: 
USANYS) .za 
Cc 
(USANH) 
Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell ngge is 
do you need the seal on the DNH triggerfish warrant extended? 
Merry Christmas to you and yours! 
Mr. 
From 
USANH) 
Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 20 010:20 AM 
To:(USANH) 
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish 
The seal on this triggerfish is set to expire soon. 
Am I correct in assuming we can go ahead and let this lapse? 
EFTA00010377


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010378.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010378.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: delivery of hard drive to MDC for discovery production to inmate 
Date: Wed, 05 Aug 2020 20:34:33 +0000 
We have a hard drive with loaded discovery that we need to deliver to Ghislaine Maxwell 
at MDC. Could you 
please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it's our understanding that hard drives with discovery 
materials for inmates needs to be non-encrypted (and not have a password for access), is that also correct? 
We're hoping to get these materials to her tomorrow if at all possible, so we greatly appreciate your help. And I'm 
reachable any time al 
if it would be helpful to discuss. 
thanks, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010378


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010379.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010379.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: envelope 
Date: Mon, 03 Aug 2020 17:16:24 +0000 
For whenever you're reviewing the paralegal file: I dropped off an envelope that can go in the para file. I didn't want to go 
into your office, so I put it in the doorway. 
It's the discovery drive that Epstein's attorney's returned to us (consistent with the terms of the protective order) 
following his death. 
Thanks! 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00010379


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010380.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010380.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To:" 
r  
Cc: 
Subject: Re: Media Inquiry from 
- Daily Mail - Jeffrey Epstein inquiry 
Date: Fri, 31 Jul 2020 19:12:03 +0000 
FWIW: https://nymag.com/intelligencer/2020/07/jeffrey-epstein-document-release-ghislane-maxwell.html 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 31, 2020, at 1:16 PM, 
Hi M, 
wrote: 
We don't have this document -- it sounds like it's an unsealed filing from a civil suit, and those filings are 
voluminous, so we don't know which document that is (we're not tracking the unsealed documents). 
Thanks, 
Original Message 
From: 
Sent: Frida Jul 31 2020 12:45 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: FW: Media Inquiry from 
- Daily Mail - Jeffrey Epstein inquiry 
Rather than ask this reporter for a copy of the doc (below), would you happen to have it? Main is asking. 
Thanks. 
Original Message 
From: 
Sent: Friday, July 31, 2020 12:43 PM 
To: Press <Press@jmd.usdo. ov>• NPO ic.fbi ov; 
Subject: RE: Media Inquiry from 
- Daily Mail - Jeffrey Epstein inquiry 
[=. 
+SDNY team. If you don't have copy of this civil litigation filing reporter is referencing, can you ask reporter 
for copy of doe? 
Original Message 
From: no-reply@usdoj.gov <no-reply@usdoj.gov> 
Sent: Friday, July 31, 2020 12:21 PM 
To: Press <Press@jmd.usdoj. ov> 
Subject: Media Inquiry from 
- Daily Mail - Jeffrey Epstein inquiry 
EFTA00010380
--- PAGE 2 ---
Date Friday, July 31, 2020 - 12:21pm EDT 
Name: 
Email Address: 
Topic: Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) 
Media Outlet: Daily Mail - Jeffrey Epstein inquiry 
Deadline: ASAP 
Inquiry: 
Hello, I'm a journalist with the Daily mail and am looking to find out if you have any comment on the claim in 
newly unsealed court documents that Prince Andrew and Alan Dershowitz put pressure on the DOJ togive 
m
Jeffrei
were 
Epstein a favorable plea deal in 2007. The documents 
 unsealed in a civil case brought b 
an Epstein victim, against Ghislaine Maxwell, his alleged madam. Please email or call me o 
EFTA00010381


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010382.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010382.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: '
(USANYS)" 
To: 
(USANYS)" 
Cc: 'USANYS)"
SANYS)" 
(U 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA - OCME Report of Autopsy 
Date: Mon, 28 Jun 2021 21:14:51 +0000 
Thank you — I've reached out to the GC of OCME to give her a head's up. 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Monday, June 28, 2021 5:02 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Epstein FOIA - OCME Report of Autopsy 
(USANYS) 
Please find attached the OCME Report of Autopsy. The boxes show where there will be redactions. 
Thanks 
Assistant United States Attorney 
300 Quarropas Street 
White Plains, NY 10601 
EFTA00010382


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010383.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010383.pdf
----------------------------------------
Court Subpoena 
PnitetratatesPiEstria anurt 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
TO: 
GREETINGS: 
WE COMMAND YOU that all and singular business and excuses being laid aside, you appear and attend 
before the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, 40 Foley Square, in the 
Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, New York, in the Southern District of New York, at the 
following date, time and place: 
Appearance Date: 
November 29, 2021 
Appearance Time: 9:00 a.m. 
Appearance Place: 
Foley Square, Courtroom 906 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
and not to depart the Court without leave thereof, or of the United States Attorney, and that you bring 
with you and produce at the above time and place the following: 
PERSONAL APPEARANCE IS REQUIRED 
Failure to attend and produce any items hereby demanded will constitute contempt of court and will 
subject you to civil sanctions and criminal penalties, in addition to other penalties of the Law. 
DATED: 
New York, New York 
July 13, 2021 
AUDREYSTRAUSS 
United States Attorney for the 
C.... a 
•
• 
L1r 
V 
Z. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
New 
Email 
Telephone: 
Rev. 02.01.12 
EFTA00010383


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010384.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010384.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Prince Andrew 
Date: Wed, 20 Nov 2019 18:50:40 +0000 
We've been asked and will decline about the statement released by Andrew a short time ago: 
ROYAL COMMUNICATIONS 
Statement by His Royal Highness The Duke of York KG 
It has become clear to me over the last few days that the circumstances relating to my former 
association with Jeffrey Epstein has become a major disruption to my family's work and the 
valuable work going on in the many organisations and charities that I am proud to support. 
Therefore, I have asked Her Majesty if I may step back from public duties for the foreseeable 
future, and she has given her permission. 
I continue to unequivocally regret my ill-judged association with Jeffrey Epstein. His suicide has 
left many unanswered questions, particularly for his victims, and I deeply sympathise with 
everyone who has been affected and wants some form of closure. I can only hope that, in time, 
they will be able to rebuild their lives. Of course, I am willing to help any appropriate law 
enforcement agency with their investigations, if required. 
Wednesday 20th November, 2019 
Public Affairs 
United States Department of Justice 
U.S. Attorney's Office I Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010384


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010385.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010385.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: IS)" 
IS> 
Subject: FW: 
DRAFT 302 
Date: Thu, 19 Aug 2021 13:08:56 +0000 
Attachments: Interview_Proffer o 
Fdf 
From 
Sent: Thursday, August 19, 2021 9:06 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
DRAFT 302 
DRAFT 302 
(USANYS) 
NYPD / FBI 
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force 
Office: 
(NY) (FBI) 
EFTA00010385


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010386.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010386.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: Joe Nascimento  
Cc: MilMeaNYS)" 
Subject: RE: 
) - Epstein 
Date: Thu, 19 Aug 2021 21:39:49 +0000 
Attachments: SDNY_COVID-19_Visitor_Screening_Form_05_04_21.pdf 
Thanksl Could you please both fill out the attached form? There's a mask mandate in federal buildings regardless of 
vaccination status (our team is vaccinated), so we'll all be wearing masks tomorrow. I should mention that the water 
fountains at our office don't work (a contamination issue), so you may want to bring water bottles. 
For places near the office, I like a small coffee shop called Blue Spoon 
which has breakfast. 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Thursday, August 19, 2021 5:26 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Re: 
) - Epstein 
C 
Yes, we are both vaccinated. She has her card, I have a picture of mine. Any recommendations for breakfast in 
the morning near your office? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Aug 19, 2021, at 5:22 PM, 
Hi Joe, 
> wrote: 
We're sorting out some logistics for tomorrow related to pandemic protocols. Could you please let me know whether 
you and your client are vaccinated? 
Thanks, 
EFTA00010386
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Monday, August 16, 202111:18 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Good morning, 
•c
> 
(USANYS) 
We are set to be there this Friday. Please let me know what time you want to start and where we should go. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Aug 5, 2021, at 2:49 PM, 
wrote: 
Thanks, that sounds like a plan. Could you please send me the information below for 
travel? 
• Her full name as it appears on her government-issued ID 
• Her date of birth 
• Her home address, cellphone number, and email address 
Once I have these details, I can pass them along to our witness coordinator, who can reach out to 
to make 
arrangements. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento • 
Sent: Thursday, August 5, 20211:18 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
(USANYS) •c
> 
- Epstein 
Great, thanks for working around our schedules. Let's reserve Friday 8/20. Hopefully you can fly 
up Thursday 
night and she can take a late night flight home Friday to give you all day with her. 
EFTA00010387
--- PAGE 3 ---
Let me know what you need from us. If its easier, feel free to communicate directly with 
to 
make travel arrangements. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami, FL 33129 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
From: " 
Date: Wednesday, Au 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: " 
Hi Joe, 
ust 4.2021 at 10:11 PM 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
H 
I've confirmed with the agents, and either of those days would work for us. Do you have a preference on 
scheduling? Happy to work around whatever works best for your travel schedule. 
Thanks, 
On Aug 3, 2021, at 7:47 PM, Joe Nascimento 
HIM, 
I spoke with 
and she hopes we can schedule the meeting for the 19th or 20th 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
> wrote: 
EFTA00010388
--- PAGE 4 ---
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Aug 3, 2021, at 10:03 AM, Joe Nascimento 
Of course, what time works best for you? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Aug 3, 2021, at 10:02 AM, 
Hi Joe, 
Hope you're doing well. Are you available for a brief call this afternoon? 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 4
Sent: Monday, April 26, 2021 9:53 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
(USANYS) 
- Epstein 
> wrote: 
> wrote: 
Perfect, I received the invite with the link. Unfortunately (or fortunately sometimes) WebEx has been a 
part a daily part of my life the past year, so we should be OK. See you all then, let me know if you need 
anything further from us in the meantime. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
EFTA00010389
--- PAGE 5 ---
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
c. 
‘vww.c ri m law lirm.com 
On Apr 26, 2021, at 9:31 AM, 
Hi Joe, 
wrote: 
Thanks very much. Let's plan for May 14th at 12 p.m., if that works for you. I'll send a WebEx link for the 
videoconference shortly. Please let us know if you have any tech issues/questions about WebEx. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Wednesday, April 21, 2021 1:53 PM 
To:
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Good afternoon, 
I spoke with 
and she can make herself available the following dates: 
May 3, 4 (before 2pm), 5, 6, 12, 13 or 14. 
She is going to take the day off of work, so no need to do it after-hours (thank you for the offer). Let me know if 
you need additional availability. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
WWW.C6 MI:1W fir 111.00111 
<image001.jpg> 
EFTA00010390
--- PAGE 6 ---
Yom• 
)  
Date: Friday, April 16 2021 at 1:31 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc:
(USANYS) 
, 
Subject: RE: 
- Epstein 
Thanks very much — let's plan for 9:30 a.m. on Monday, if that works for you. Should I just call your desk line, or 
would you prefer a different number? 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Friday, April 16, 2021 1:00 PM 
To: 
I scM
>
Cc: 
(USANYS) C 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Hi MB 
Yes, I'm free Monday morning between 9:30 and 12 or Tuesday between 11-3. If that doesn't work for 
you, I can try to move something around. Let me know. 
Have a nice weekend, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
‘vww.crimktwrirtn.com 
On Apr 16, 2021, at 11:58 AM, 
> wrote: 
EFTA00010391
--- PAGE 7 ---
Hi Joe, 
Hope you're doing well. Are you available for a call sometime early next week? Nothing urgent, but we wanted 
to talk with you about potentially scheduling an interview (by video conference) with your client for sometime 
in early May. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Monday, March 8, 2021 1:54 PM 
To: 
Ic 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
) - Epstein 
Yes, 10:30 works for me. Thank you! 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
From: 
Date: Monday, March 8, 2021 at 1:32 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: 
) - Epstein 
Hi Joe, 
Thanks, hope all is well with you. We're free for a call at 10:30 tomorrow morning, would that work for you? 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Monday, March 8, 2021 1:24 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
c
M> 
Subject: Re: 
I - Epstein 
Hi 
EFTA00010392
--- PAGE 8 ---
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
R 
AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Jul 2, 2020, at 11:09 AM, 
Hi Joe, 
wrote: 
Thanks for reaching out, we were planning to email you. We continue to appreciate your client's cooperation 
with our investigation, and her status from our perspective has not changed. We'll be in touch going 
forward. 
All the best, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Thursday, July 2, 202011:07 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
c
M> 
- Epstein 
) 
Good morning, 
Hope you are all well. Just wanted to check in after seeing the reports of Ghislaine's  arrest-
If you need 
anything from us, let us know. 
-Joe 
EFTA00010393
--- PAGE 9 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Feb 21, 2020 at 3:53 PM,
wrote: 
Joe, 
We very much appreciated that, and we just wanted to let you know that the lack of communication 
separate from that discussion shouldn't be interpreted in any way negatively. We'll certainly be in touch 
again when we're able. 
thanks again, 
MB 
From: Joe Nascimento I 
Sent: Wednesday, February 19, 2020 15:03 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
) - Epstein 
< 
We really appreciate this email. I was able to speak with 
a few weeks ago and gave the green light to 
share 
name and information provided with anyone necessary in your investigation. We will wait 
to hear from you if you need anything further. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
EFTA00010394
--- PAGE 10 ---
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
R SS AM EL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
tamt, 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
From: ' 
Date: Monday, Februa 
2020 at 3:40 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: ' 
II 
Subject: RE: 
- Epstein 
Joe, 
j
uI 
We just wanted to check in very briefly—we had been hopeful that we'd be able to circle back with you 
earlier, but our investigation is currently still ongoing, so at the very least we wanted to let you know that 
we continue to appreciate both your client's prior assistance and her willingness to assist in the future. 
Nothing in our investigation since we were last substantively in touch has changed our view of your client, 
and we hope to be able to be in touch with you in the coming weeks with an update. In the interim, we do 
continue to view her status as we've previously conveyed, and please let us know if any issues arise on 
your end. 
thank you, 
From: 
c
> 
Sent: Saturday, November 30, 2019 14:42 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: 
I < 
Subject: Re: 
Hi Joe, 
- Epstein 
Thanks for checking in 
so no issues on our end, but we 
appreciate your following up. 
Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 30, 2019, at 8:54 AM, Joe Nascimento < 
> wrote: 
EFTA00010395
--- PAGE 11 ---
Good morning, 
Just wanted to check-in 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
I. 
c. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Sep 9, 2019, at 9:47 PM, 
Joe, 
ci 
> wrote: 
We will meet tomorrow at the same lace as last time— the Hilton in West Palm Beach, on 
Okeechobee Blvd. My cell is 
when ou arrive. My colleague,
, 
will be joining us, and he can be reached at 
Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00010396
--- PAGE 12 ---
On Sep 4, 2019, at 10:46 PM, Joe Nascimento < 
Yes, we will be there. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
SCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
c. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Sep 4, 2019, at 5:32 PM, 
Hi Joe, 
Thanks for letting us know. Let's plan to meet on Tuesday. Would 11:30 work? 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Wednesday, September 4, 2019 10:13 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
sc
EM> 
Subject: Re: 
Good morning, 
- Epstein 
> wrote: 
> wrote: 
Yes, we had to hunker down for 2 days but were spared. Thanks. For next week, the 10th, 
11th or 13th work best for me. Look forward to hearing from you. 
-Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00010397
--- PAGE 13 ---
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
SCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Sep 4, 2019, at 10:04 AM, 
) < 
wrote: 
Hi Joe, 
Hope the storm missed you this week, and that you and your client are doing okay. 
Our team is working out some scheduling issues today, and we should know more by this 
afternoon. I'll plan to reach out then to discuss scheduling, if that's okay. 
Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 30, 2019, at 9:52 AM, Joe Nascimento
wrote: 
Good morning, 
Just wanted to check in to see if you still planned to travel south given the storm. Current 
estimates show a landing (somewhere) Tuesday with very bad weather on Wednesday. 
Airports might close (which will answer my question), but that's a guess. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
R ra 
AM EL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
EFTA00010398
--- PAGE 14 ---
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Aug 21, 2019, at 2:40 PM, 
Hi Joe, 
 l> wrote: 
Thanks very much, we'll plan to see you then. We'll most likely meet at a conference space at a 
hotel in West Palm Beach, and I'll let you know closer in time which location. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Monday, August 19, 2019 6:37 PM 
To: 
I <
>
Cc: 
I < 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
HIM, 
>; 
Both the time and date work for us. Let me know the location when you have it 
confirmed. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AM EL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Nliaini Florida 33129 
t. 
1. 
C. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
EFTA00010399
--- PAGE 15 ---
On Aug 19, 2019, at 11:11 AM, 
wrote: 
Joe, 
Following up on scheduling, we were wondering if your client is available for a proffer on 
September 4th. We're flexible on timing that day, but we would propose meeting at 12:30 
p.m., if that works. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Wednesday, August 7, 2019 4:53 PM 
To: 
I a> 
Cc: 
I a; 
Subject: Re: 
) - Epstein 
HIM, 
I just wanted to follow up re the August 14th meeting. Is it possible to schedule for early 
afternoon (anytime after 1)? I have proactive cooperation ongoing in another case involving 
multiple jurisdictions, and they are looking to meet the morning of 8/14. I understand if your 
schedule is already set, and will work around it. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Joseph E Nascimento, Esq. 
SCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami, FL 33129 
P• 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirtn.com 
From: ' 
Date: Friday, August 2, 2019 at 3:34 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: ' 
Subject: RE: 
Joe, 
- Epstein 
EFTA00010400
--- PAGE 16 ---
Thanks, much appreciated. If possible, it would be helpful to hold August 14th for a meeting, 
and we'll follow up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, 
please let us know, we're happy to be flexible. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Thursday, August 1, 2019 8:10 PM 
To: 
<as 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
) - Epstein 
I do not have any travel plans during the month of August, nor does 
September is a 
busy month with two trials set, and I will be traveling out of the country from Sept 17-30, but 
I will do everything to be as flexible as possible. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami, FL 33129 
p. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirin.com 
From: ' 
Date: Thursday, August 1 2019 at 6:10 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: ' 
EFTA00010401
--- PAGE 17 ---
Subject: RE: 
- Epstein 
Joe, 
As we start thinking about scheduling a next meeting wit 
we were wondering if 
you could please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or 
your client for a meeting in Florida (in particular, we don't want to interfere with anyone's 
summer vacation plans). 
We will of course be in touch to talk about a next meeting in more detail, but in the first 
instance it would be helpful to get a sense of your schedules, for planning purposes. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Wednesday, July 17, 2019 6:25 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
Ili
>; 
) - Epstein 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (). 
Thanks. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
SCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Jul 17, 2019, at 5:58 PM, 
wrote: 
EFTA00010402
--- PAGE 18 ---
Hi Joe, 
Following up, we were wondering if you were available for a call to discuss next steps. 
We're available on Friday at 2:30, if that works, but let us know if there are other times that 
would be more convenient for you. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Saturday, July 13, 2019 12:39 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
<
>
< 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Good afternoon, 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, 
As always, feel free to contact me at any time if we can be of further assistance. Look 
forward to meeting again. 
-Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami, FL 33129 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
From: '
Date: Thursday, July 11, 2019 at 9:07 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: 
Hi Joe, 
Subject: RE: 
- Epstein 
EFTA00010403
--- PAGE 19 ---
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 
you are here, and we will meet you in the lobby. 
Please call me when 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Thursday, July 11, 2019 9:02 PM 
To: 
) sca 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Good evening, 
Have you set a location for our meeting tomorrow? 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AM EL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Jul 10, 2019, at 12:03 PM, 
wrote: 
Thank you, we will plan to see you then in West Palm Beach. We are still 
coordinating logistics, and we will let you know that morning the address where we 
should meet. 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us 
EFTA00010404
--- PAGE 20 ---
for any reason: 
Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 10, 2019, at 11:39 AM, Joe Nascimento 
wrote: 
cmailto: 
Of course 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
>> 
<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0 
x-apple-dat 
apple-data-detectors://2/0><x-apple-data-detectors://2/0 
data 
//2/0>rd<x-
t 
x-apple-data-
detectors://2/0> 
<x-a 
le-data-detectors://2/0>Miami Florida 33129<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
t. 
tcl 
f. 
c. 
mailt(). 
‘1/4 \\ Lc:rift-dm\ firm.com- Imp 
v1/4 ww.crinthm firm.coml> 
On Jul 10, 2019, at 11:34 Aa
>
) 
c:mailto: 
> wrote: 
Joe, 
Would it be possible to meet earlier, perhaps at noon on Friday? Thank you. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 9 2019 at 10:51 PM Joe Nascimento 
mailto: 
<mailto: 
> wrote: 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer 
letter. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
EFTA00010405
--- PAGE 21 ---
<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0) 
:x-apple-data-cletectors://2/0>rd<x-
apple-data-detectors://2/0><x-apple-data-detectors://2/0ex-apple-data-
detectors://2/0> 
<x-a 
le-data-detectors://2/0>Miami Florida 33129<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
t. 
el: 
f. 
e. 
mailto: 
<mailto-
www.crimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfirm.com> 
<http://www.crimlawfirm comp 
On Jul 9 2019 at 4:56 PM 
: 
mailto: 
<mailt 
> wrote: 
Joe, 
We ended up slotting in a few things in the interim, but we're still good for 6:30 for 
sure. 
thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
<mailto: 
Sent: Tuesda 
To: 
<mailto: 
Subject: Re: 
HIM, 
mailto: 
- Epstein 
mailto 
I got done a little earlier today - do you want to bump up our call time? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
R• 
AM EL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
tectors://2/0>rd<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Avenue<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Miami Florida 33129<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
el: 
t. 
f 
e. 
mailto: 
<mailto-
www.crimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfirm.com>
EFTA00010406
--- PAGE 22 ---
<http://www.crimlawfirm.corni>
On Jul 9 2019 at 10:02 AM Joe Nascimento 
mailto: 
> wrote: 
<mailto:
HIM, 
Are you still free for a call? 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
Miami, FL 33129 
f. 
e. 
<mailto: 
www.crimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfirm.com> 
<http://www.crimlawfirm.com>
CIMENTO, PLLC 
mailto: 
From: ' 
'unlit() 
<mailto: 
Date: Sunday, July 7, 2019 at 10:19 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Joe, 
Sure, thanks — and yes, quite the weekend. If it's alright with you, let's do 10:00 
a.m. on Tuesday — you can reach us at 
if that's easier, whatever you prefer. 
thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
mailto:
<mailto: 
Sent: Sunii:iy. .Itily
.
 07. 2019 18:51 
To: 
<mailto 
Cc: 
mailto: 
, or we can also call you then 
EFTA00010407
--- PAGE 23 ---
<mailto: 
>; 
<mailto: 
<mailto: 
> 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
HIM, 
No need to take any more time out of what I'm sure was a busy weekend for you. 
Let's set a time for Tuesday morning (the earlier the better for me). Let me know 
what works for you. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
lie
etectors://2/0>rd<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Avenue<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Miami Florida 33129<x-a 
le-data-detectors://2/0> 
I 
SCIMENTO, PLLC 
L 
mailto: 
<manta-
wvvw.crimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfirm.com> 
<http://www.crimlawfirm.coml> 
On Jul 7 2019 at 4:04 PM 
mails : 
<mailto: 
> wrote: 
Joe, 
Thank you for reaching out, and we would be happy to schedule a time to speak 
with you. I expect our schedules may be somewhat unpredictable tomorrow; 
would it work to set a time to talk on Tuesday? We can schedule it for before you 
meet with 
, if that's helpful. Or if you'd like to talk sooner, we could 
schedule a time later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon 
discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in 
touch. 
thank you, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: Joe Nascimento 
EFTA00010408
--- PAGE 24 ---
mailto: 
<mailto: 
Sent: Saturda ,Jul 
To: 
<mailto: 
Subject: 
2019 22:55 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
<mailto:
Date: Jul 
To: 
<mailto: 
mailto: 
- Epstein 
mailto: 
2019 at 10:51:09 PM EDT 
mailto 
My former partner, Alan Ross, represente 
prior to his passing in 2018. Agent 
served 
with a grand jury 
subpoena earlier today, and as Alan's former partner and FL Bar appointed 
inventory attorney, she has contacted me. Unfortunately, I am unable to meet with 
her until Tuesday, but I would appreciate a few minutes of your time at your 
convenience as I am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best 
for you. 
Look forward to speaking with you. 
Best, 
Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
etectors://2/0>rd<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Avenue<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Miami Florida 33129<x-a 
le-data-detectors://2/0> 
-`tel
.
I. 
e. 
mailto: 
<mailto: 
www.crimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfirm.com> 
<http://www.crimlawfirm.cornt> 
EFTA00010409


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010410.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010410.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Christian Everdell <CEverdell®CohenGresser.com> 
To: "Pomerantz, Lara (USANYS)." <Lara.Pomerantz@usdoj.gov>, "Comey, Maurene (USANYS)" 
<Maurene.Comey®usdoj.gov>, "Moe, Alison (USANYS)" <Alison.Moe®usdoj.gov>, "Rohrbach, 
Andrew (USANYS)" <Andrew.Rohrbach®usdoj.gov> 
Cc: Laura Menninger <Imenninger®Innflaw.com>, Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>, 'BOBBI 
C STERNHEIM' <bcstemheim@mac.com> 
Subject: RE: Activity in Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN USA v. Maxwell Order 
Date: Wed, 30 Jun 2021 21:16:25 +0000 
Thanks, Lara. This looks good. No edits. 
From: Pomerantz, Lara (USANYS) [rnallto:Lara.Pomerantz@usdoi.gov] 
Sent: Wednesday, June 30, 2021 5:00 PM 
To: Christian Everdell; Comey, Maurene (USANYS); Moe, Alison (USANYS); Rohrbach, Andrew (USANYS) 
Cc: Laura Menninger; Jeff Pagliuca; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' 
Subject: RE: Activity in Case 1:20-cr-00330-AN USA v. Maxwell Order 
Chris, 
We agree. Attached please find a draft joint letter to the Court conveying the parties' position. Please let us know if you 
have any proposed revisions to the letter. 
Best, 
Lara 
From: Christian Everdell <CEverdell@CohenGresser.com> 
Sent: Wednesday, June 30, 2021 2:46 PM 
To: Carney, Maurene (USANYS) <MComey@usa.doj.gov>; Moe, Alison (USANYS) <AMoe@usa.doj.gov>; Pomerantz, Lara 
(USANYS) <LPomerantz@usa.doj.gov>; Rohrbach, Andrew (USANYS) <ARohrbach@usa.doj.gov> 
Cc: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>; Jeff Pagliuca ipagliuca@hmflaw.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' 
<bcsternheim@mac.com> 
Subject: FW: Activity in Case 1:20-cr-00330-A1N USA v. Maxwell Order 
All — 
We have no redactions to propose to the opinion or the other documents mentioned in the court's order. Will you be 
filing the joint letter? 
Regards, 
Chris 
From: NYSD ECF Poolenysd.uscourts.gov [mailto:NYSD ECF Poolanysd.uscourts.gov] 
Sent: Wednesday, June 30, 2021 2:11 PM 
To: CourtMail@nysd.uscourts.gov
Subject: Activity in Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN USA v. Maxwell Order 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this 
e-mail because the mail box is unattended. 
***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** There is no charge for viewing opinions. 
EFTA00010410
--- PAGE 2 ---
U.S. District Court 
Southern District of New York 
Notice of Electronic Filing 
The following transaction was entered on 6/30/2021 at 2:11 PM EDT and filed on 6/30/2021 
Case Name: 
USA v. Maxwell 
Case Number: 
1:20-cr-00330-AJN 
Filer: 
Document Number: 305 
Docket Text: 
ORDER as to Ghislaine Maxwell: Pursuant to the Courts order of June 25, 2021 (Dkt. No. 303), 
any proposed redactions to the Court's opinion on Maxwell's motions to suppress evidence 
must be filed no later than today, June 30, 2021. Any proposed redactions to the other 
documents ordered unsealed in that order must be filed no later than July 2, 2021. The parties 
shall file a joint letter by each of these dates informing the Court if no redactions are sought. 
SO ORDERED. (Signed by Judge Alison J. Nathan on 6/30/2021) (InI) 
1:20-cr-00330-AJN-1 Notice has been electronically mailed to: 
David Boies, II 
dboies@bsflIp.com, NYC Managing
t@bsflIp.com
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
jpagliuca@hmflaw.com, nsimmons@hmflaw.com 
Laura A. Menninger 
Imenninger@hinflaw.com, alundberg@hmflaw.com, hrogers@hmflaw.com,
nsimmons@hmflaw.com 
Bobbi C Stemheim 
bc@stemheimlaw.com, bcstemheim@mac.com, ecf@stemheimlaw.com 
Christian R. Everdell 
ceverdell@cohengressencom, autodocket@cohengressencom 
Mark Stewart Cohen 
mcohen@cohengresser.com, Mark-Cohen-1234@ecfpacerpro.com 
autodocket@cohengresser.com, managingclerksoffice®cohengressencom 
Sigrid S. McCawley 
smccawley@bsfllp.com, NYC_Managing Clerk@bsflIp.com, achristie@bsfllp.com, 
lambersley@bsfflp.com Sigrid-mccawley-4908@ecfpacerpro.com
Lara Elizabeth Pomerantz 
Lara.Pomerantz@usdoj.gov, CaseView.ECF@usdoj.gov, 
USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV 
Alison Gainfort 
CaseView.ECRausdoj.gov USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV 
Alex Rossmiller 
alexandersossmiller@ttlij.gm CaseView.ECF@usdoj.goz USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV 
Maurene Ryan Comey 
maurene.comey@usdoj.gov, CaseView.ECF®usdoj.goi, 
USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV 
Andrew Rohrbach 
Andrew.Rohrbach®usdoj.gov, caseview.ecf@usdoj.gov, usanys.ecf®usdoj.gov 
1:20-cr-00330-AJN-1 Notice has been delivered by other means to: 
EFTA00010411
--- PAGE 3 ---
The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: 
Document description:Main Document 
Original filenamem/a 
Electronic document Stamp: 
[STAMP dcecfStamp_11: 1008691343 [Date=6/30/2021] [FileNumber=26121187-
0] [3c5a70929198acf93 1 clf73c5a2a597c98feed5c5d0403d4c6fl f89b4baad04043 
ea20ed7c38e46a961e8ff8db631a8a67a274479c460bebe5b89e28cce654c1]] 
EFTA00010412


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010413.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010413.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: GM/Cosby 
Date: Fri, 02 Jul 2021 18:05:15 +0000 
Attachments: 127 I29390538.pdf 
FYI, filed today. 
EFTA00010413


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010414.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010414.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 310 Filed 07/02/21 Page 1 of 3 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
000 Third Amnia 
New York NY 10022 
Christian R. Evcrdcll 
July 2, 2021 
BY ECF 
The Honorable Alison J. Nathan 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
United States Courthouse 
Foley Square 
New York, NY 10007 
Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Dear Judge Nathan: 
We respectfully submit this letter to bring to the Court's attention the recent decision by 
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania in Commonwealth of Pennsylvania v. William Henry Cosby 
Jr., J-100-2020 (Jun. 30, 2021), in which the Court vacated Mr. Cosby's conviction and sentence 
because the District Attorney's Office that prosecuted him failed to live up to its express promise 
not to prosecute Mr. Cosby for the same crimes for which he was later convicted.' Ms. Maxwell's 
case presents a similar situation. As we argued in our supplemental pretrial motions currently 
pending before the Court (Dkt. 293), the government has failed to abide by its promise not to 
prosecute Ms. Maxwell for the offenses for which she was immunized by the Epstein Non-
Prosecution Agreement ("NPA"). We submit that this decision provides support for Ms. 
Maxwell's supplemental motion to dismiss Counts One, Three, Five, and Six of the S2 Indictment 
for violation of the NPA. 
In Cosby, Andrea Constand alleged that Mr. Cosby sexually assaulted her in his residence 
in January 2004. (Op. 4-5). Ms. Constand did not immediately report the assault to law 
enforcement authorities and continued to have contact with Mr. Cosby in the following months. 
(Id. at 5-7). In January 2005, approximately one year after the assault, Ms. Constand reported Mr. 
Cosby's conduct to the police. (Id. at 6). The Montgomery County District Attorney's Office 
investigated the allegations, but then-District Attorney Bruce Castor determined that "there was 
insufficient credible and admissible evidence" to bring criminal charges against Mr. Cosby. (Id. at 
7-10). Among the factors weighing against bringing charges were that (i) Ms. Constand had 
waited a year to file her complaint, which diminished the reliability of Ms. Constand's 
recollections; (ii) Ms. Constand's statements about the events were inconsistent; (iii) there was a 
lack of corroborating evidence; (iv) Ms. Constand continued to speak to and meet with Mr. Cosby 
I The opinion ("Op.") is attached to this letter as Exhibit A. 
EFTA00010414
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 310 Filed 07/02/21 Page 2 of 3 
The Honorable Alison J. Nathan 
July 2, 2021 
Page 2 
after the assault; and (v) Ms. Constand had contacted civil attorneys to pursue financial 
compensation through a lawsuit against Mr. Cosby. (Id. at 9-10). 
DA Castor issued a signed public statement declining to prosecute Mr. Cosby, which he 
viewed as, and Mr. Cosby's lawyers understood to be, an agreement that Mr. Cosby would never 
be prosecuted for the events involving Ms. Constand. (Id. at 10-13, 16-18). Believing that he no 
longer had a basis to assert his Fifth Amendment rights, Mr. Cosby testified at several depositions 
in a civil suit brought against him by Ms. Constand and made inculpatory admissions. (Id. at 13-
15). Ten years later, the successor District Attorney, Risa Veil Ferman, used those admissions to 
charge Mr. Cosby with the same crimes related to the sexual assault of Ms. Constand that were 
covered by DA Castor's promise. (Id. at 18). Mr. Cosby was convicted of those charges at trial. 
(Id. at 38). 
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court held that DA Castor's promise was enforceable and that 
DA Ferman's prosecution of Mr. Cosby ten years later on the same charges violated his Due 
Process rights. (Id. at 78-79). As a result, the Court vacated Mr. Cosby's conviction. (Id. at 79). 
In so holding, the Court noted the following: 
Interactions between a prosecutor and a criminal defendant, including 
circumstances where the latter seeks enforcement of some promise or 
assurance made by the former, are not immune from the dictates of due 
process and fundamental fairness. 
(Id. at 55). 
The same principle applies to Ms. Maxwell's case. As in Cosby, the government is trying 
to renege on its agreement and prosecute Ms. Maxwell over 25 years later for the exact same 
offenses for which she was granted immunity in the NPA. Indeed, the principle applies even more 
strongly in Ms. Maxwell's case because the NPA was a formal written agreement, as opposed to 
an informal promise like the one in Cosby. This is not consistent with principles of fundamental 
fairness. 
Accordingly, for the reasons already set forth in our supplemental pretrial motions, and the 
principles discussed in Cosby, the Court should hold the government to its agreement and dismiss 
Counts One, Three, Five, and Six of the S2 Indictment. 
EFTA00010415
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 310 Filed 07/02/21 Page 3 of 3 
The Honorable Alison J. Nathan 
July 2, 2021 
Page 3 
Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Is/ Christian Everdell 
Christian R. Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
800 Third Avenue, 21st Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
cc: 
All Counsel of Record (By ECF) 
EFTA00010416


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010417.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010417.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "I 
(USANYS)" 
To: " 
(USANYS)" 
Cc: " 
USANYS)" • 
USANYS)" 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA - OCME Report of Autopsy 
Date: Fri, 02 Jul 2021 19:12:28 +0000 
Thank= 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Friday, July 2, 2021 3:12 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
USANYS 
(USANYS 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA - OCME Report of Autopsy 
USANYS 
Here's the redacted autopsy report, included in the release to the Times. Thanks. 
From 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Wednesda June 30, 2021 12:34 PM 
To 
(USANYS) 
Cc 
SANYS) 
(USANYS) 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA - OCME Report of Autopsy 
(USANYS 
OCME asked whether we could send them a copy of the redacted autopsy report. Could you please send me a copy of it 
on Friday so I can forward to them? Thank you! 
Sent: lippg.2021 
6:46 Pm 
Sent: 
(USANYS)
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
USANYS) 
(US 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA - OCME Report of Autopsy 
Thanks, 
Yes, we will ask BOP to redact that photo as well. 
From 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Tuesda June 29, 2021 3:45 PM 
To 
(USANYS 
Cc: 
USANYS) 
(USANYS) 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA - OCME Report of Autopsy 
Eind 
USANYS) 
USANYS) 
I spoke with the GC of OCME, who appreciated the head's up. One note for you all: the photo of the hyoid bone on page 
is in fact Epstein's hyoid bone. To the extent we're redacting the closeup photos from page 13, shouldn't we also 
redact the entire photo on page 12? 
EFTA00010417
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thanks, 
From: SUSANYS)1111 
Sent: Monday, June 28, 2021 5:02 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc 
USANYS) 
(USANYS) 
(U 
Subject: pstein 
-
Report of Autopsy 
Please find attached the OCME Report of Autopsy. The boxes show where there will be redactions. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
300 Quarropas Street 
White Plains, NY 10601 
EFTA00010418


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010419.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010419.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
USANYS)" 
To: 
USANY 
Cc: 
SANYS)' 
ANYS)" 
Subject: 
pstem 
eport 
utopsy 
Date: Fri, 02 Jul 2021 19:11:34 +0000 
Attachments: Epstein_Autopsy_Report_with_Redactions.pdf 
Here's the redacted autopsy report, included in the release to the Times. Thanks. 
From: 
USANYS 
Sent: Wednesday, une 
, 2021 12:34 PM 
Cc: 
(USANY 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA - OCME Report of Autopsy 
(USANYS) 
OCME asked whether we could send them a copy of the redacted autopsy report. Could you please send me a copy of it 
on Friday so I can forward to them? Thank you! 
Fro 
(USANYS) 
• 
Sent: Tuesda June 29 2021 6:46 PM 
T 
U 
(USANYS 
ANYS)
(USANYS) 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA - OCME Report of Autopsy 
ThankaYes, we will ask BOP to redact that photo as well. 
From: i 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Tuesday, June 29, 2021 3:45 PM 
To: 
(USANY 
Cc: 
USANY 
(US 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA - OCME Report of Autopsy 
and IS, 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) 
I spoke with the GC of OCME, who appreciated the head's up. One note for you all: the photo of the hyoid bone on page 
is in fact Epstein's hyoid bone. To the extent we're redacting the closeup photos from page 13, shouldn't we also 
redact the entire photo on page 12? 
Thanks, 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Monday, June 28, 2021 5:02 PM 
To 
(USANYS) 
EFTA00010419
--- PAGE 2 ---
Cc: 
(USANYS 
Subject: Epstein FOIA - OCME Report of Autopsy 
USANYS) 
Please find attached the OCME Report of Autopsy. The boxes show where there will be redactions. 
Thanks 
Assistant United States Attorney 
300 Quarropas Street 
White Plains, NY 10601 
EFTA00010420


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010421.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010421.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
• 
Subject: FW: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), letter motion for order of nolle prosequi 
Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2019 19:59:05 +0000 
Attachments: U.S._v._Epstein,_19_Cr._490, Jetter_requesting_nolle_order (with_proposed_order).pdf 
As discussed, docketed version of our letter (and proposed order) attached. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, August 19, 2019 15:57 
To: 'bermannysdchambers@nysd.uscourts.gov' <bermannysdchambers@nysd.uscourts.gov> 
Cc: 
'Martin Weinberg' 
`•
›; 
>; 'Michael Miller' 
Subject: RE: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), letter motion for order of nolle prosequi 
To the Chambers of Judge Berman: 
Attached please find a courtesy copy of the Government's letter motion requesting that the Court approve the enclosed 
proposed order of nolle prosequi, in connection with the above-captioned case, filed this afternoon. Defense counsel is 
copied. 
Thank you, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010421


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010422.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010422.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 47 Filed 08/19/19 Page 1 of 1 
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The Silvioi.. Malin Building 
One Soini Andrew's Plo:a 
New York, New York 10007 
August 19, 2019 
VIA ECF 
The Honorable Richard M. Berman 
United States District Judge 
Southern District of New York 
United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, New York 10007 
Re: 
United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RNIB) 
Dear Judge Berman: 
As the Court is aware, on the morning of August 10, 2019, Jeffrey Epstein died while in 
custody at the Metropolitan Correctional Center. On August 16, 2019, and after conducting an 
autopsy, the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner of the City of New York issued a statement 
identifying the cause of death as hanging, and the manner of death as suicide. In light of the death 
of the defendant prior to a conviction becoming final, the Government must request the Court 
approve the attached proposed order of nolle prosequi. 
Consistent with our practice throughout this case and our obligations under the Crime 
Victims' Rights Act, the Government has made efforts to contact all identified victims since 
learning of the death of the defendant and will similarly notify all known victims of the attached 
order, once entered. As this Office has previously stated publicly, it remains committed to doing 
its utmost to stand up for the victims who have already come forward, as well as for the many 
others who have yet to do so. 
Cc: 
All counsel of record (Via ECF) 
By: 
Alison Moe / Allx Rossmiller / Maurene Comey 
Assistant United States Attorneys 
Southern District of New York 
Tel: (212) 637-2225 / 2415 / 2324 
Respectfully submitted, 
GEOFFREY S. BERMAN 
United States Attorney 
EFTA00010422
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 47-1 Filed 08/19/19 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
NOLLE PROSEQUI 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
Cr. 490 (RMB) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
1. 
The filing of this nolle prosequi will dispose of 
this case with respect to JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant. 
2. 
On July 2, 2019, Indictment 19 Cr. 490 (the 
"Indictment") 
was returned, 
charging 
JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN, 
the 
defendant, with one count of conspiracy to commit sex trafficking 
of minors, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371, and one count of sex 
trafficking of minors, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1591. 
3. 
On or about August 10, 2019, while the above-
captioned case was pending, but prior to any trial or other 
disposition, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, died. 
4. 
Because JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, died while 
this case was pending, and therefore before a final judgment was 
issued, the Indictment must be dismissed under the rule of 
abatement. See United States v. Wright, 160 F.3d 905, 908 (2d Cir. 
1998). 
EFTA00010423
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 47-1 Filed 08/19/19 Page 2 of 2 
S. 
Accordingly, I recommend that an order of nolle 
prosequi be filed as to defendant JEFFREY EPSTEIN. 
Dated: 
New York, New York 
August 19, 2019 
ALISON MOE / ALEX ROSSMILLER / MAURENE COMEY 
Assistant United States Attorneys 
Upon the foregoing recommendation, I hereby direct, with 
leave of the Court, that an order of nolle prosequi be filed as to 
defendant JEFFREY EPSTEIN. 
Dated: 
New York, New York 
August 19, 2019 
SO ORDERED: 
Dated: 
New York, New York 
August 
, 2019 
GEOFFREY 
BERMAN 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Hon. Richard M. Berman 
United States District Judge 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010424


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010425.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010425.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: Found her! 
Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2019 20:39:37 +0000 
All you had to do was go to the local In-N-Out burger...just sayin' 
https://nypost.com/2019/08/15/jeffrey-epsteins-gal-pal-ghislaine-maxwell-spotted-at-in-n-out-burger-in-first-photos-
since-his-death/ 
Public Affairs 
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York 
Website: www.justice.gov/usao-sdny
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/usaosdnv
Follow us on Twitter: n.SDNYnews 
EFTA00010425


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010426.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010426.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
" aNIMIlff-
To: " 
(USANYS)" aNIMIE> 
Cc: eANYS)" 
a, 
.'el" 
Subject: Call re Epstein FOIA case 
Date: Fri, 04 Jun 2021 02:08:35 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
EFTA00010426


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010427.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010427.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
(USANYS)" 
To: Karas NYSD Chamber 
Cc: Aida Leisenring 
Michael Bachrach 
Subject: RE: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance 
Date: The, 25 Aug 2020 00:05:09 +0000 
Attachments: 2020.08.24 _letter to_ICMK_re_MCC_conditions.pdf 
, Bruce Barket 
Dear Judge Karas, 
Pursuant to the Court's August 21 order, attached please find the Government's letter. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Co-Chief, Narcotics Unit 
O: 
From: Karas NYSD Chambers 
Sent: Friday, August 21, 2020 1:22 PM 
To: Bruce Barket 
Cc: Aida Leisenring 
<
>; Michael Bachrach .ct
> 
;John Diaz 
>; 
c
›; 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) c
›; 
>; 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Re: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance 
All, 
Attached please find a memo endorsement from Judge Karas. 
-Chambers of Judge Karas 
From: Bruce Barket 
Sent: Thursday, August 20, 2020 6:24 PM 
To: Karas NYSD Chambers 
Subject: FW: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance 
Good afternoon, 
EFTA00010427
--- PAGE 2 ---
I sent this to 
but wanted to forward here as well. Can you confirm that the judge will see it? 
Bruce A. Barket, Esq. 
Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea & LoTurco, LLP 
www.barketepstein.com 
This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear 
that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
From: Bruce Barket 
To: 
nysd.uscourts.gov' anysd.uscourts.gov>
Sent: Thursda , August 20, 2020 12:50 PM 
Cc: Aida Leisenringabarketepstein.com>; tonyricco 
Michael Bachrach <1.
); Kenneth J. Montgomery Esq 
• 'inhn dia?  
cM
> 
(USANYS) cl
); 
; 
(USANYS) <
11'; 
(USANYS) I 
Subject: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance 
I hope all is well. Can you please bring this letter to the attention of the judge? Note that I copied the lawyer for the MCC 
and the prosecution team as well as firewall counsel. Thank you. 
Bruce A. Barket, Esq. 
Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea & LoTurco, LLP 
www.barketepstein.com 
This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear 
that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
EFTA00010428


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010429.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010429.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
Date: Tue, 25 Aug 2020 15:26:04 +0000 
Sounds good. 
From: 
(USANYS) < 
Sent: Tuesday, August 25, 2020 11:02 AM 
To:r
Cc: 
>; 
>; 
(USANYS) 
[Contractor] 
Subject: RE: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
(USANYS) 
Thanks very much for the quick response, 
3pm today works for us. We can circulate a dial in and look forward to 
talking further then. 
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Cc: 
[Contractor] 
Subject: RE: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
Hellos 
(USANYS)< 
>; 
(USANYS) 
la
USANYS) 
I can do a call this afternoon. Any time between 2:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. is best. Alternatively, I am available tomorrow 
during the same time period. Let me know which time is more convenient for you and your team. If these times don't 
work, let me know and we will work out an alternate time. 
In the meantime, we have all the materials in a secure room on our second floor in West Palm Beach. There are the case 
files and also boxes of files that were gathered for the OPR inquiry. We have an inventory of our materials and also OPR 
has their own inventory of the materials. 
When OPR was here earlier, we had a scanner on that floor dedicated for their exclusive use. They were able to scan the 
documents that they wanted and have those documents sent directly to their own DOJ accounts. I was overseas at the 
time on detail, but I was told that this worked rather well. 
A copy of our inventory is attached. 
I look forward to assisting you in this matter. 
EFTA00010429
--- PAGE 2 ---
Best regards, 
Managing ssistant nited States Attorney 
West Palm Beach Regional Office — SDFL 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Tuesday, August 25, 2020 9:00 AM 
To: 
Cc 
[Contractor] 
Subject: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
(USANYS) 
We supervise the team in New York that is currently prosecuting Ghislaine Maxwell, an 
uggested 
we reach out to you. As discussed briefly with Mve 
are hoping to locate the boxes of documents and other records 
regarding the prior SDFL investigation into Jeffrey Epstein and his co-conspirators that we understand are currently being 
stored in the West Palm Beach office. In particular, we would like to make arrangements to review and scan those 
materials in connection with our own case, and 
uggested that we touch base with you on how best to do so. 
I've copied the trial team here. Please let us know if you have time for a call in the near future to discuss further. 
Alternatively, if there is a more appropriate point of contact on this issue, please feel free to point us in that direction. 
Thanks very much, 
Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010430


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010431.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010431.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To:' 
Subject: RE: Maxwell 
Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 14:47:03 +0000 
thank you!! 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:45 
To: 
Subject: FW: Maxwell 
Congrats guys! Great work on such an important case. 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM 
To: 
Subject: Maxwell 
PCU — Please join me in congratulating 
on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. 
spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't 
repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already is making it seem like these charges 
were inevitable, that they were anything but, and that they are instead the result of an extraordinary amount of work and 
perseverance and creativity by 
in building a case based on conduct that I'm pretty sure is older 
than all of our paralegals. 
will be holding a press conference at 12, and while it is sadly not possible for all of us to be there to join her given 
current conditions, I hope we can all take a moment to remotely congratulate the team on a terrific accomplishment in 
bringing an extremely important case against a woman very worthy of criminal prosecution. 
• 
EFTA00010431


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010432.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010432.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
(USANYS)" < 
To: "'Kate L. Doniger"'  
Cc: '
llaM)" 
<
1.111 
"Alexandra Conlon" 
, Roberta Kaplan 
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Wed, 15 Apr 2020 04:10:00 +0000 
Kate, 
Thank you for checking in. I hope you are keeping well also. I do not think we need any additional information from you at 
this time. I hope to be able to provide an update early next week. 
Thanks, 
From: Kate L. Doniger 
Sent: Tuesday, April 14, 2020 3:01 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
Roberta Kaplan 
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
We hope that you are keeping well in this very challenging time. 
Alexandra Conlon 
We completely understand that all things are in flux these days, but we just wanted to check in with you about our 
request and whether there is any other information you need from us. If it would be helpful to set up a call to discuss, we 
are available at your convenience. 
Best, 
Kate 
Kate L. Doniger I Kaplan Hecker & Fink LLP 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Thursday, February 27, 2020 7:23 PM 
To: Alexandra Conlon 
Cc: Kate L. Doniger 
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
Alexandra and Robbie, 
Thank you for this. I will contact you regarding the request. 
C 
C 
; Roberta Kaplan 
EFTA00010432
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thanks, 
From: Alexandra Conlon 
Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2020 7:54 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) .ez
> 
Cc: Kate L. Doniger 
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
SENT ON BEHALF OF ROBERTA KAPLAN 
AUSA 
; Roberta Kaplan 
Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the 
Department of Justice in connection with our pending litigation against Jeffrey 
estate. 
We are happy to schedule a time to talk if it would be helpful to discuss our request. 
Best Regards, 
Robbie 
Alexandra Conlon I Kaplan Ilecker & Fink LLP 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Monday, January 6, 2020 6:59 PM 
To: Roberta Kaplan 
Cc: Kate L. Doniger <
> Alex Conlon < 
Subject: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Ms. Kaplan, 
Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA 
for certain information 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you 
would like to discuss the issues therein further. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client. work product or other 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email. please be aware that any unauthorized review. use. disclosure. dissemination. 
distribution, or copying of this communication. or any of its contents. is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you. 
This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client work product or other 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email. please be aware that any unauthorized review. use. disclosure. dissemination. 
EFTA00010433
--- PAGE 3 ---
distribution, or copying of this communication. or any of its contents. is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error. please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you. 
EFTA00010434


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010435.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010435.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Chambers Street 
New York, New York 10007 
April 21, 2020 
By Electronic Mail 
Roberta A. Kaplan 
Ka Ian Hecker & Fink LLP 
New York, NY 10118 
Re: 
Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Ms. Kaplan: 
I write in response to the your letter dated February 25, 2020, seeking documents from 
the Department of Justice ("DOJ") related to Jeffrey Epstein and plaintiff Jane Doe in Doe v. 
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, No. 19-cv-8673 (S.D.N.Y.). As noted in my previous letter dated 
January 6, 2020, DOJ's response to your request is governed by federal regulations, referred to 
as "Touhy regulations." See United States a rel. Touhy v. Ragen, 340 U.S. 462 (1951). Pursuant 
to these regulations, the United States Attorney has authorized DOJ to provide certain documents 
responsive to your request. Please find electronic versions of these documents enclosed. The 
password for these documents will be sent to you by separate cover. 
The enclosed documents are as follows: 
• 
Pages numbered DO.1_001-005 are a report of service of a grand jury subpoena on 
Jane Doe. 
• 
Pages numbered DO.1_006-007 are a report of service of a grand jury subpoena on 
Jane Doe. 
• 
Pages numbered DOJ_008-009 are a report of service of a grand jury subpoena on 
Jane Doe. 
• 
Pages numbered DO.1_010-076 are a biographical report of Jane Doe. Pages have 
been redacted to exclude non-responsive material and references to third parties. 
• 
Pages numbered DO,1_077-078 are a report of contact between Jane Doe and 
agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
• 
Pages numbered DO,1_079-080 are a report of contact between Jane Doe and 
agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
• 
Pages numbered DO,1_081-087 are a document retrieved from an electronic 
search of a device in Epstein's New York residence in 2019. 
• 
Pages numbered DO,1_088-091 are pages from a document obtained in 
approximately April 2005 from discarded trash located outside the Palm Beach 
residence occupied by Jeffrey Epstein. 
Please contact me once you have had a chance to review this letter if you would like to 
discuss the issues herein further. 
EFTA00010435
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
Sincerely, 
GEOFFREY S. BERMAN 
United States Attorney for the 
Southern District of New York 
Assistant nited States Attorney 
EFTA00010436


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010437.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010437.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
(USANYS)" ctl 
To: "'Kate L. Doniger"'  
Cc: '
llaM)" 
"Alexandra Conlon" 
, Roberta Kaplan 
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Wed, 22 Apr 2020 02:55:59 +0000 
Kate, 
The password for the document file I just sent is ' 
Please let me know if you have any issues opening the file. 
Thanks, 
From: Kate L. Doniger 
Sent: Wednesday, April 15, 2020 9:09 AM 
To: 
(USANYS)<E
> 
Cc: 
Roberta Kaplan .r.
> 
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
Thanks very much, 
Nate I.. Doniger Kaplan Hecker & Fink LLP 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Wednesday, April 15, 2020 12:10 AM 
To: Kate L. Doniger 
Cc: 
ic
>, Alexandra Conlon 
Roberta Kaplan ca 
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
Alexandra Conlon 
Kate, 
Thank you for checking in. I hope you are keeping well also. I do not think we need any additional information from you at 
this time. I hope to be able to provide an update early next week. 
Thanks, 
From: Kate L. Doniger 
Sent: Tuesday, April 14, 2020 3:01 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) c:M
> 
> 
Cc: 
c
› Alexandra Conlon 
EFTA00010437
--- PAGE 2 ---
Roberta Kaplan a> 
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
We hope that you are keeping well in this very challenging time. 
We completely understand that all things are in flux these days, but we just wanted to check in with you about our 
request and whether there is any other information you need from us. If it would be helpful to set up a call to discuss, we 
are available at your convenience. 
Best, 
Kate 
Kate L. Doniger I Kaplan I lecker & Fink LLP 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Thursday, February 27, 2020 7:23 PM 
To: Alexandra Conlon <a 
Cc: Kate L. Doniger 
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
Alexandra and Robbie, 
Thank you for this. I will contact you regarding the request. 
Thanks, 
; Roberta Kaplan 
From: Alexandra Conlon 
Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2020 7:54 PM 
To: 
Cc: Kate L. Doniger 
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
SENT ON BEHALF OF ROBERTA KAPLAN 
AUSA 
Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the 
Department of Justice in connection with our pending litigation against Jeffrey Epstein's estate. 
We are happy to schedule a time to talk if it would be helpful to discuss our request. 
Best Regards, 
Robbie 
C
(USANYS) .i<
l); Roberta Kaplan 
C 
EFTA00010438
--- PAGE 3 ---
Alexandra Conlon I Kaplan Ilecker & Fink LLP 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Monday, January 6, 2020 6:59 PM 
To: Roberta Kaplan cz 
Cc: Kate L. Doniger 
Alex Conlon < 
Subject: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Ms. Kaplan, 
Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA 
for certain information 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you 
would like to discuss the issues therein further. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client. work product or other 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email. please be aware that any unauthorized review. use. disclosure. dissemination. 
distribution, or copying of this communication. or any of its contents. is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you. 
This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client. work product or other 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email. please be aware that any unauthorized review. use. disclosure. dissemination. 
distribution, or copying of this communication. or any of its contents. is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you. 
This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client. work product or other 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email. please be aware that any unauthorized review. use. disclosure. dissemination. 
distribution, or copying of this communication. or any of its contents. is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error. please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you. 
EFTA00010439


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010440.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010440.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: ' 
Subject: FW: Epstein search warrant documents 
Date: Tue, 07 Apr 2020 18:59:37 +0000 
Importance: High 
I hope you're doing alright in the midst of all the pandemic craziness, and staying healthy and safe. On these 
Epstein issues, are you able to join a conference call tomorrow with 
? I can generally express what you've told me, 
but on the Relativity issues especially it would be hugely helpful to have your input in real-time. Are there times 
tomorrow that would work for you? 
thanks! 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 14:13 
To: 
(USANYS) c
Cc: 
<
>: 
(USANYS) •ca 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
Are vou available tomorrow for a conference call to discuss this issue? 
IIEr 
On Apr 7, 2020 1:55 PM, ' 
wrote: 
Following up on this from a month ago — I know we're living in a different world than what existed four weeks ago, but are 
you at all able to assist while working remotely? This has been pending for almost two months and we still don't have a 
very basic list of each device or item that was seized and searched, or for which of those we've received materials. We're 
happy to have a call if that would be useful, but as a first step the most basic thing we're looking for is the info in the 
template spreadsheet we sent earlier (that's also attached). 
thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Monday, March 09, 2020 12:00 
To: 
c
>; 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) •ca 
EFTA00010440
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
Unfortunately I don't think this is very helpful to us. Did you take a look at the example spreadsheet I sent on 2/24? The 
excel file you sent has descriptions that don't match up to the items listed in the search warrant returns (that we sent on 
2/23), and we don't have the 1B or CART numbers to be able to cross-reference. We also can't tell what you mean by 
"loose media" without a specific comparison to what was seized, we don't know which items you're referring to as 
"Windows machines," and we can't tell whether the entirety of any particular item has been transferred, or just partial. 
For example, it looks like we have gotten very, very few image files, which is surprising. 
We have also encountered some very significant problems in trying to review the more than 1 million documents we 
recently received: 
The data we've received has no way to put any emails and attachments together. So if an email says, "see the 
attached flight records," for example, we have no way of linking that up with the records themselves. Not only is 
that a big problem for us in review, it's going to be a huge problem for producing the documents to defense 
counsel. 
The load file has no link to the native file, so when we load the data to the database, there's no way to have the 
native files show up in the database. Because many of the files are too large to open in the viewer, it effectively 
means that there are many files that are completely invisible to us. 
Related, the control numbers in the load file don't match up to the native files. So we have two sets of numbers 
and no way to match up anything—that is, even if we were to try to go hunt down every individual large file in the 
native files, it would be impossible. 
So the data that we most recently got, we need to get in a form that addresses those issues, and we likely will need to get 
a similar reproduction of the data we received a couple months ago. Otherwise we're sifting through more than a million 
documents without much rhyme or reason. 
I've re-attached the spreadsheet we sent last week — I think that's a good place to start in terms of our necessary record-
keeping, and we need that info at the very least, as well as anything else you think would be useful. Also attaching the SW 
returns for reference. And again, we're happy to meet up anytime and hash all this out in person if that's useful. 
thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, March 04, 2020 16:36 
To: 
(USANYS) 
.; 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
Here is a listing of what I have already handed over in load files to the US Attorney's Office for taint review. Some points of 
clarification: There were 9 IDE hard drives found in the Manhattan apartment, they turned out to be 3 copies of 3 drives 
(9 drives in total) from a July 2007 search on one of his properties. I only processed 3 (as they were all copies). All the 
loose media from the NY apartment is included. All the Windows machines from the NY apartment are included. Only 2 
Macs from NY and 1 from the Island are included. 
EFTA00010441
--- PAGE 3 ---
I will have to more closely coordinate with whoever is loading up Relativity with the remaining Macs as the tool 
they have to be processed with does not easily re-name the load files. 
Spreadsheet is attached. 
(office) 
(cell) 
From: 
) imailto:l
Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 12:25 PM 
To: 
c
:'; 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
(USANYS) 
I could do Thursday morning, but I think it would be helpful for us to get the accounting in advance of the meeting so we 
can figure out in advance what (if any) additional steps we need — is that possible? 
From: 
c
> 
Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 09:59 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
>
Sect: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
c:
1>; 
Can we do Thursday morning? My network should be back by then and I can give you a good accounting. 
cell 
desk 
On Mar 2, 2020 11:15 AM, ' 
Doing the weekly check in on this — is there a time this week when everyone can meet on this? 
thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 17:38 
To:
Cc: 
(USANYS) < 
(USANYS) 
wrote: 
>; 
EFTA00010442
--- PAGE 4 ---
< 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
Totally understand about the network issues—we can relate. I do still think it will be helpful to all sit down together to 
have an in-person discussion, to make sure everybody is on the same page. Are folks available for that next week? And 
what I think would be most helpful to facilitate that would be a spreadsheet of each separate device referenced in the two 
search warrant returns, with columns for whether we've dumped the contents, whether they've been reviewed and/or 
transferred, what portions were transferred, etc. 
Something roughly like the attached, with any other categories you think would be useful — and the info on the attached is 
mostly hypothetical, obviously, just as examples. That will help us fully understand what's been reviewed, transferred, 
and received so far, and what remains. 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — I think FBI 
was going to do an initial screen to make sure no CP, and since I think the answer was no, we'll need to get those to be 
able to review them as well.) 
many thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 09:24 
To: 
(USANYS) c
>
) < 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
<
>; 
S; 
< 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
Sony for the delayed response. They are tearing out our old network and giving us a new one, they mandated we 
delete old stuff (about 400 TB worth). Now that they are working on replacing the network, we can do only local 
work. I should be able to give you an accounting of what is what. I can say, off the top of my head, that all 
windows based items from the NY search have been handed over as well as all loose media. The CDs from NY 
only contained pictures, no documents. There are still some Apple items from NY that need to be produced. As 
far as the Island stuff goes, the 1st item on your spreadsheet, the "kitchen" mac has been produced. Still working 
on the rest. 
cell 
desk 
On Feb 23, 2020 12:21 AM, 'I 
Team, 
< 
> wrote: 
Following up on the below from last weekend, I'm still not sure how we're addressing this so I thought it would make 
sense for us to all schedule a (hopefully relatively brief) meeting to all get on the same page? We didn't hear back on 
which files had previously been provided, but our tech folks did their best to differentiate, and we got access to the 
materials yesterday and its well over a million documents, and we don't have any idea what we're looking at — i.e., which 
devices the materials came from, whether it's full or partial results, how many more devices we have coming, etc. 
EFTA00010443
--- PAGE 5 ---
Based on the attached search warrant returns, it looks like from the New York mansion (the PDF) there are approximately 
devices that would have storage (computers, hard drives, thumb drives, etc.) and that's not even counting at least 60+ 
CDs. And then from the Virgin Islands (the Excel spreadsheet), at least more than 25 devices, including multiple servers / 
server racks. 
So we gotta know what we've already received, what remains, anticipated schedule, etc, and I know it's a lot of moving 
pieces on all sides so wanted to loop in everybody at once. The case team will be in California this coming week from 
Tuesday through Friday, but then I think generally around the first week of March, which will hopefully be plenty of time 
to schedule a productive meeting. 
thanks all, 
From: 
Sent: Saturday, February 15, 2020 16:30 
To: 
) c
>; 
Cc: 
>; 
Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
ss 
I'm not sure who's the exact right person to ask this, so wanted to get everybody on one email chain about it — I have the 
hard drive that 
dropped off that has new Epstein search warrant materials, but it looks like there are also old 
materials (that I think we had previously received and uploaded??) on the hard drive, and so I'm not sure what's new. 
Just generally, and 
and I talked about this last week too, but it's basically impossible for us to keep track of what 
we're getting, and what has been completed, without some kind of identification or labeling system, along with a list of 
which devices have been extracted and downloaded. 
So for example on the hard drive currently, there are 38 folders labeled "loadFiles" through "37loadFiles" with a modified 
date of 11/14/19, which I think we may have already previously received — but I'm not sure, because we haven't gotten 
any info on which folders match up to which devices, etc. And then there's another folder titled "NYC024362" that has a 
modified date of 1/27/20, so I think that may be the materials we hadn't previously received? That folder by itself has 
more than 600,000 items. 
I don't want to give 
anything that we've already previously received and uploaded, and I can't tell from the folder or 
file names whether everything on the drive is new, or whether just additional materials were saved onto it in addition to 
what we already have. =, 
are you able to give us some guidance on this? Ultimately what we really need is a 
spreadsheet of every device, whether it's been dumped (or partially dumped), and then identifying that same info —
which device, and what materials from it — are being given to us with each data transfer. Otherwise I think 
organizationally and for review purposes it will be a total disaster for us. 
We're happy to have a meeting on this if that's helpful — and thanks everybody for the assistance. 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010444


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010445.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010445.pdf
----------------------------------------
Potential Perjury by Maxwell 
4/22/16 deposition 
pp. 13-14 
Q. Did you ever invite anybody who was 
under the age of 18 to Jeffrey's homes? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Same objections. 
A. I have a number of friends that 
have children and friends of mine that have 
kids and in the invitation of my friends and 
their kids, I'm sure I may have invited some 
of my friend's kids to come. 
Q. Anybody that is not a friend of 
yours. Any female under the age of 18, did 
you invite them to come to Jeffrey's home? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Object to the form 
and foundation. 
A. Again, as I said, I am not aware of 
inviting anybody other than friends of mine 
who have children to the house. 
p. 27 
Are you testifying that you are 
unaware of any underage, under the age of 18, 
females coming to Jeffrey Epstein's home to 
perform massages? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Object to the form 
foundation. 
A. You need to straddle that question 
in a different time period. When I was 
there, at the time I was present, the people 
that gave Jeffrey, men and women who gave 
Jeffrey massages were adults over the age of 
18. 
pp. 37-38 
Q. Ms. Maxwell, when did you first 
meet 
? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Object to the form 
EFTA00010445
--- PAGE 2 ---
and foundation. 
A. I have no idea when I met her. 
Q. Do you know how old she was when 
you met her? 
A. I have no idea how old she was when 
I met her. 
Q. Is it possible she was 13 years old 
when you first met her? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Object to the form 
and foundation. 
A. 
was Jeffrey's friend 
and her mother was Jeffrey's friend, so 
may have been in the house when Jeffrey was 
in the house. I have no idea how old she 
was. 
Q. I understand she was with her 
mother. 
I'm asking if 
was 13 
years old when you first met her? 
A. I have no idea. 
Q. Was she under 18 when you first met 
her? 
A. I have no idea how old she was when 
I first met her. 
Q. Did she look like a child when you 
first met her? 
A. I don't remember what she looked 
like at the time she was in the house. 
Q. How many years have you known her? 
A. I can only recall the last time I 
saw her. 
p. 225 
Q. How many teenagers did he have that 
were professional masseuses that worked in 
his home? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Objection to the 
form and foundation. 
Q. How many? 
A. First of all, I am not aware of 
teenagers who worked in his home. 
EFTA00010446
--- PAGE 3 ---
pp. 250-251 
Q. Who were the other 17 year old 
masseuses that you were aware of? 
A. I am not aware of any. 
Q. Were there any 16 year year old 
masseuse that you are aware of? 
A. I am not aware. 
Q. Any 15? 
A. I just want to be clear. The only 
person that I am aware of who claims to have 
been a -- we have to -- we established 
now is 17, given she has changed her 
age so many times. The only person that I am 
aware of that was a masseuse at the time when 
I was present in the house was 
pp. 253-254 
Q. Did Jeffrey Epstein have a scheme 
to recruit underage girls for sexual 
massages? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Objection to the 
form and foundation. 
Q. If you know. 
A. I don't know what you are talking 
about. 
p.382 
Q. Can you list for me all the girls 
that you have met and brought to Jeffrey 
Epstein's house that were under the age of 
18? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Objection to the 
form and foundation. 
A. I could only recall my family 
members that were there and I could not make 
a list of anyone else because that list -- it 
never happened that I can think of. 
p.384 
Q. List all the people under the age 
of 18 that you interacted with at any of 
Jeffrey's properties? 
EFTA00010447
--- PAGE 4 ---
A. I'm not aware of anybody that I 
interacted with, other than obviously 
who was 17 at this point? 
7/22/16 Deposition 
p. 70 
Q. Did Mr. Epstein ever ask you to 
attempt to obtain or secure people to give 
him massages that were not professional 
masseuses? 
A. No. 
p.88-89 
Q. Were you aware of the presence of 
sex toys or devices used in sexual activities 
in Mr. Epstein's Palm Beach house? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Objection to form 
and foundation. 
A. No, not that I recall. 
Q. Were you aware that there were sex 
toys or devices used in sexual activities in 
Mr. Epstein's New York house? 
A. No. 
Q. Were you aware that there were sex 
toys or devices used in sexual activities in 
Mr. Epstein's property in the Virgin Islands? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Objection to form 
and foundation. 
A. No. 
Q. Were you aware whether or not there 
were sex toys or devices used in sexual 
activities in Mr. Epstein's property in the 
Virgin Islands? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Objection to form 
and foundation. 
A. No. 
Q. Do you know whether Mr. Epstein 
possessed sex toys or devices used in sexual 
activities? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Objection to form 
and foundation. 
A. No. 
EFTA00010448
--- PAGE 5 ---
p 91 
Q. At any time, in any of Mr. 
Epstein's properties, did you engage in 
sexual activities with any woman other than 
when you had three-way sexual activities with 
Mr. Epstein? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Same objection. 
A. No. 
p.92 
Q. I want to be sure that I'm clear. 
Is it your testimony that in the 1990s and 
2000s, you were not aware that Mr. Epstein 
was having sexual activities with anyone 
other than yourself and the blond and 
brunette on those few occasions when they 
were involved with you? 
A. That is my testimony, that is 
correct. 
p. 113 
Q. You never gave 
massage is your testimony? 
A. I never gave 
massage. 
a 
a 
p.142 
Q. Did you ever have conversations 
with anyone that were intended to convince 
them to engage in sexual activities with 
Mr. Epstein? 
MR. PAGLIUCA: Objection to form 
and foundation. This has been asked and 
answered in her previous deposition, by 
the way. 
A. No. 
EFTA00010449


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010450.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010450.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: Epstein review 
Date: Wed, 04 Sep 2019 15:03:28 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
HI M, 
Do you happen to know how much data was on the drive we gave you last week? Just trying to get a sense of the 
scale of the anticipate review. 
Thanks! 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00010450


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010451.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010451.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "etravelsen,ices ewtsatotravel.com" <etravelservices®cwtsatotravel.com> 
To: < 
Subject: Travel Authorization 11164814 approved by 
approval 
Date: Thu, 16 Apr 2020 12:28:46 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
, now awaiting further 
Dear 
Travel authorization 11164814 has been approved by 
, now awaiting further approval. 
Trip ID: 11164814 
Traveler name: 
Purpose: R20NYS 13444 - Epstein Investigation - Witness interview 
Destination: Santa Monica, CA, United States 
Dates: 2019-12-15 - 2019-12-18 
Current status: Pending Authorization Approval 
E2 Sin le Si n On Lo in within DOJ Network Only): 
E2 Manual Lo in User ID and Password): 
Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
emails that you receive from us. 
Reference ID# T0007 
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00010451


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010452.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010452.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: RE: FirstBank Puerto Rico 
Date: Sat, 04 Apr 2020 17:34:07 +0000 
Attachments: 2019-12-31.
Puerto Rico.pdf 
Subpoena attached. 
From:
Sent: Saturda Aril 04 2020 08:20 
To: 
Subject: FW: FirstBank Puerto Rico 
Hey 
Sorry I missed your call back. I tried you again later yesterday but we couldn't connect. No huge rush — can we 
speak Monday morning? If so, what's a good time? 
In the meantime, it would help if you could email me a copy of the-. 
I think all I have is a hard copy which I 
believe I left back at the office before we were ordered to work at home. 
Thank you and enjoy the weekend. 
From: 
Sent: Friday, April 03, 2020 9:59 AM
To 
Su ject: irst anPuerto Rico 
Good morning. I just left you a voice mail. When you have a couple of minutes, please call me on 
Thanks. 
EFTA00010452
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00010453


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010454.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010454.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The Sihlo J. Mono Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York. New York 10007 
December 31, 2019 
VIA EMAIL 
FirstBank Puerto Rico 
P.O. Box 9046 
Attn: Legal Division 
San Juan, PR 00908 
Email: customercare@lfirstbank.com 
Re: 
Grand Jury Subpoena 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in 
connection with an official criminal investigation of a suspected felony being conducted by a 
federal grand jury. The Government hereby requests that you voluntarily refrain from disclosing 
the existence of the subpoena to any third party. While you are under no obligation to comply 
with our request, we are requesting you not to make any disclosure in order to preserve the 
confidentiality of the investigation and because disclosure of the existence of this investigation 
might interfere with and impede the investigation. 
Thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
By: 
Very truly yours, 
GE n FFREY S. BERMAN 
Un. ed States Attome 
Assistant United States Attorney 
of New York 
EFTA00010454
--- PAGE 2 ---
Grand Jury Subpoena 
Pniteb atutes Pistrirt (Manzi 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
TO: 
FirstBank Puerto Rico 
P.O. Box 9046 
Attn: Legal Division 
San Juan, PR 00908 
Fax: 787-729-8027 
GREETINGS: 
WE COMMAND YOU that all and singular business and excuses being laid aside, you appear and attend 
before the GRAND JURY of the people of the United States for the Southern District of New York, at 
the United States Courthouse, 40 Foley Square, Room 220, in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New 
York, New York, in the Southern District of New York, at the following date, time and place: 
Appearance Date: 
January 15, 2020 
Appearance Time: 10 a.m. 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
U.S.C. §§ 1591, 1594(c), 2422(b), 371 
and not to depart the Grand Jury without leave thereof, or of the United States Attorney, and that you 
bring with you and produce at the above time and place the following: 
SEE ATTACHED RIDER. Personal appearance is not required if the re nested records are (1) 
produced by on or before the return date to Assistant U.S. Attorney 
at: U.S. Attorney's 
Office Southern District 
New York, NY 10007, telephone:M-
ot via email at 
; and (2) accompanied by an executed copy 
of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. PLEASE PROVIDE IN ELECTRONIC 
FORMAT IF POSSIBLE. 
Failure to attend and produce any items hereby demanded will constitute contempt of court and will 
subject you to civil sanctions and criminal penalties, in addition to other penalties of the Law. 
DATED: New York, New York 
August 11, 2019 
GS~
/A-K_ 
GEOFFREY S. BERMAN 
Un ted States Attorney for the 
So thern District of New York 
Assistant United States Attorney 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
a
New York, New York 10007 
EFTA00010455
--- PAGE 3 ---
RIDER 
(Grand Jury Subpoena to FirstBank Puerto Rico, dated December 31, 2019) 
Please provide the following information for open or closed individual, joint, or 
commercial accounts, or related or affiliated accounts, associated with the entities, individuals, 
social security numbers, and/or account numbers identified below, for the period January 1, 2005, 
to the present: 
Individual: 
• 
Jeffrey Epstein 
o Date of Birth: 01/20/53 
o SSN: 
Entity:
• 
LSJE LLC 
NOTE: When producing results for multiple accounts in electronic form, please produce 
records for each account on a SEPARATE disk. 
Please include in your response related or affiliated accounts identified by name, address, Social 
Security Number(s), Employer Identification Number(s), driver's license number(s), financial 
account number(s), corporate/d.b.a records, Tax Identification Number(s), internal investigative 
findings or other means, for the period January 1, 2005, to the present. 
Any and all records in your care, custody, possession or control, including but not limited to: 
I. Records relating to "Know Your Customer" filings, submissions, forms, requests, 
supplements, and questions and answers; 
2. Records relating to the opening and/or closing of accounts, including account 
applications, signature cards, proof of identification, corporate resolutions, and related 
records (to be included even if dated outside the above-specified time period); 
3. All account monthly or other periodic statements and/or transcripts; 
4. Signature cards, and any other documents reflecting the identities of individuals 
authorized to conduct transactions in, or have access to, the accounts; 
5. Records relating to or reflecting the names, addresses, social security numbers, and /or 
employer identification numbers of all account holders; 
6. Loan and/or lines of credit applications and files; 
7. All account deposit and withdrawal items; 
EFTA00010456
--- PAGE 4 ---
8. Deposit records including deposit slips, items deposited, and all documents and records 
or information indicating sources of deposited funds; 
9. Withdrawal and deposit records including withdrawal and deposit applications, drafts, 
wire transfers, and all other documents showing any record or information relating to the 
destination or disposition of withdrawn or wired funds; 
10. Cancelled checks (both front and back); 
11. Debit and credit memoranda and related documents; 
12. Records of and relating to all cashier's checks, bank checks, teller checks, certified 
checks, money orders, traveler's checks, and/or other official checks issued to, or on 
behalf of, any account holder; 
13. Credit card accounts; 
14. Loan files, including all applications and supporting documentation, to include financial 
statements, credit reports, and appraisals, loan approval records, promissory notes, 
mortgages, security agreements, and loan repayment records, to include any records or 
information relating to payment sources; 
15. Safe deposit records, including applications, signature cards, and any records relating to 
access; 
16. Currency transactions reports (IRS Forms 4789) and other required reports made to any 
regulatory or law enforcement authority; 
17. Account opening documents to include photocopies if ID, SSN card etc.; 
18. Any correspondence to, from, or relating to accounts, account-holders, or other 
individuals associated with accounts, including any recorded customer service telephone 
calls, and including correspondence with any regulatory or law enforcement authority; 
19. Memoranda, notes or other records of telephone conversations associated with accounts 
or individuals associated with accounts (including conversations with any regulatory or 
law enforcement authority); 
20. Internal memoranda and reports; 
21. Computer records / logs of any communication or attempted communication with the 
customer; 
22. Customer service call logs; 
23. Trust accounts; 
24. Any email addresses associated with the accounts/account holders; 
25. All surveillance video and/or photographs of transactions; 
26. Any and all corporate resolutions, certifications of incorporation, business certificates 
and/or partnership agreements; and 
27. Any and all correspondence, electronic or otherwise, including memoranda, emails and 
text messages, that reference or concern items (1) through (26), above, and/or any 
financial interests involving the individuals and/or entities identified in Section A. 
EFTA00010457
--- PAGE 5 ---
N.B.: Personal appearance is not required if the re uested records are (1) produced by on or 
before the return date to Assistant U.S. Attorney 
at: U.S. Attorney's Office, 
Southern District of New Yor 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007, telephone: 
la 
or via email at 
and (2) accompanied by an 
executed copy of the attached Declaration of Custodian of ecords. PLEASE PROVIDE IN 
ELECTRONIC FORMAT IF POSSIBLE. 
IMPORTANT: REQUEST FOR NON-DISCLOSURE 
Due to the ongoing nature of the investigation, it is requested that you do not 
disclose any information relating to this Grand Jury subpoena request to any third party. 
EFTA00010458
--- PAGE 6 ---
Declaration of Custodian of Records 
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I, the undersigned, hereby declare: 
My name is 
(name of declarant) 
I am a United States citizen and I am over eighteen years of age. I am the custodian of 
records of the business named below, or I am otherwise qualified as a result of my position with 
the business named below to make this declaration. 
I am in receipt of a Grand Ju 
Sub oena, dated December 31, 2019, and signed by 
Assistant United States Attorney 
requesting specified records of the business 
named below. Pursuant to Rules 902(11) and 803(6) of the Federal Rules of Evidence, I hereby 
certify that the records provided herewith and in response to the Subpoena: 
(1) were made at or near the time of the occurrence of the matters set forth in the records, 
by, or from information transmitted by, a person with knowledge of those matters; 
(2) were kept in the course of regularly conducted business activity; and 
(3) were made by the regularly conducted business activity as a regular practice. 
I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. 
Executed on 
(date) 
(signature of declarant) 
(name and title of declarant) 
(name of business) 
(business address) 
Definitions of terms used above: 
As defined in Fed. R. Evid. 803(6), "record" includes a memorandum, report, record, or data 
compilation, in any form, of acts, events, conditions, opinions, or diagnoses. The term, "business" 
as used in Fed. R. Evid. 803(6) and the above declaration includes business, institution, 
association, profession, occupation, and calling of every kind, whether or not conducted for profit. 
EFTA00010459


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010460.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010460.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Kate L. Doniger"  
To: 
(USANYS)" ctl 
Cc: ' 
" 
Alexandra Conlon 
, Roberta Kaplan 
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Tue, 14 Apr 2020 19:00:51 +0000 
We hope that you are keeping well in this very challenging time. 
We completely understand that all things are in flux these days, but we just wanted to check in with you about our 
request and whether there is any other information you need from us. If it would be helpful to set up a call to discuss, we 
are available at your convenience. 
Best, 
Kate 
Kate L. Doniger I Kaplan I lecker & Fink LLP 
From: 
(USANYS)<
> 
Sent: Thursday, February 27, 2020 7:23 PM 
To: Alexandra Conlon 
Cc: Kate L. Doniger 
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
Alexandra and Robbie, 
Thank you for this. I will contact you regarding the request. 
Thanks, 
; Roberta Kaplan 
From: Alexandra Conlon 
Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2020 7:54 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) itt
> 
Cc: Kate L. Doniger 
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
SENT ON BEHALF OF ROBERTA KAPLAN 
AUSA 
; Roberta Kaplan 
C 
Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the 
Department of Justice in connection with our pending litigation against Jeffrey Epstein's estate. 
EFTA00010460
--- PAGE 2 ---
We are happy to schedule a time to talk if it would be helpful to discuss our request. 
Best Regards, 
Robbie 
Alexandra Conlon I Kaplan Ilecker & Fink LLP 
From: 
(USANYS) < 
Sent: Monday, January 6, 2020 6:59 PM 
To: Roberta Kaplan 
Cc: Kate L. Doniger < 
.; Alex Conlon < 
Subject: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Ms. Kaplan, 
Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA 
for certain information 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you 
would like to discuss the issues therein further. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
This email and its attachments may contain information that is confklential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client. work product or other 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email. please be aware that any unauthorized review. use. disclosure. dissemination. 
distribution, or copying of this communication. or any of its contents. is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you. 
This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client. work product or other 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email. please be aware that any unauthorized review. use. disclosure. dissemination. 
distribution, or copying of this communication. or any of its contents. is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error. please notify 
the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you. 
EFTA00010461


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010462.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010462.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: Draft Analysis Of 2019 Tax Return 
Date: Fri, 11 Dec 2020 22:15:37 +0000 
Attachments: 2019_Tax_Retum_Analysis_V1_12-11-20.pdf 
Please provide me a time for tomorrow that I can call you to walk you through the analysis. 
Best 
Forensic Accountant 
FBI New York Field Office 
NYC, NY 10278 
Office: 
EFTA00010462


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010463.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010463.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00010463


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010464.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010464.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS) 
To: 
SAN 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: RE: Unit Updates 
Date: The, 02 Jul 2019 13:57:52 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: PC_Unitr
_Short_Form_Update.7.2.19.docx 
With apologies for the delay, please see attached. Thanks= 
Froni 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Tuesday, July 2, 2019 8:36 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Unit Updates 
Importance: High 
Good Morning 
JSANYS) < 
Just a reminder that unit updates are due. If 3, ou plan on 
submitting updates, I need them this morning. 
Thanks, 
EFTA00010464


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010465.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010465.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
)" 
To: "Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS)"  
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 02 Jul 2019 15:48:20 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: 2019-07-01, JE,first indictment.docx 
Sure — attached. And we're also all giving it one more proof-read now. 
From: Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) 
Sent: Tuesday, July 02, 2019 11:45 
To: 
Subject: 
C 
Can you send to me a copy of the Indictment to be presented today. 
EFTA00010465


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010466.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010466.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: FYI--Second Circuit Decision re: unsealing of Epstein files 
Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2019 15:00:09 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/6181300/Epstein-ca2-20190703.pdf
Public Affairs 
Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York 
Email: 
Website: www.justice.gov/usao-sdny
Facebook: https://www.facebook.comiusaosdny
Follow us on Twitter: @SDNYnews 
EFTA00010466


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010467.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010467.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" 
To:' 
)"
 ' 
" 
I, 
Cc: 
(USANYS)" - 
Subject: RE: Epstein draft press materials 
Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2019 16:08:28 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
 [=. 
Yes, go for it. Thanks. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, July 3, 2019 12:05 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS)
Subject: RE: Epstein draft press materials 
EFTA00010467
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00010468
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00010469


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010470.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010470.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
(USANYS)" iTza> 
Cc: "MIM, 
USANYS Contractor)" a 
"=, 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: FBI remarks 
Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2019 23:26:33 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: 07-02-2019_Sex_trafficking_an-est.docx; ATT00001.htm 
Hi all, 
Please see the attached draft remarks from the FBI. I looked them over quickly and they seem to track ours pretty 
closely. Let me know if you see any issues. Thanks. 
EFTA00010470


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010471.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010471.pdf
----------------------------------------
Remarks as Pre ared for Delivery by 
Assistant Director in Charge 
FBI New York Field Office 
Jeffrey Epstein Arrest 
July X, 2019 
Preserving the innocence of children is the most important 
responsibility we carry as adults. Failing them, in any way, is not an 
option. 
And yet there are some who blatantly disregard this golden rule, using 
whatever tools they have at their disposal to lure children into a life of 
which they should never be exposed. 
As we allege today, Jeffrey Epstein is one of those people. 
As of x a.m., he is under arrest.../At X p.m., as he was X, we placed 
him under arrest. Epstein has been charged with one count each of sex 
trafficking and sex trafficking conspiracy. 
For at least a three year period, from 2002-2005, he is alleged to have 
sexually exploited and abused dozens of minor girls at his homes in 
New York City and Palm Beach, Florida. 
The girls were recruited in a variety of ways, usually by employees of 
Epstein and victim recruiters themselves. 
• The victim recruiters and the girls they found typically received 
hundreds of dollars in cash. 
EFTA00010471
--- PAGE 2 ---
The estimated dozens of victims were as young as 14 years old at the 
time of recruitment. 
• Children who were made to give Epstein massages while they 
were nude or partially nude. 
• Children who were asked to engage in direct and indirect sex acts 
for money. 
• Children who were enticed to do all of this at the hands of a man 
more than or nearly three times their age. 
Those who have been victimized by child sexual predators are 
frequently haunted by memories of these crimes well into adulthood, 
and often for the rest of their lives. They bear the burden of someone 
else's criminal behavior. 
As an FBI agent, and as a father first, I stand among many who make 
it our mission to put child predators behind bars where they belong; to 
listen to every child who feels they've been exploited; and to advocate 
for the most vulnerable among us. 
Today I'm asking everyone to take a good look at this man. If you've 
been victimized by him in any way, or have any additional information 
about his alleged illegal behavior, we want to hear from you. 
• Whatever age you are now 
• Whatever age you were then 
• And no matter when or where the incident or incidents took place 
The number to call is 1-800-CALL-FBI. 
EFTA00010472
--- PAGE 3 ---
Your bravery might just empower others to speak out about crimes 
committed against them. 
It's important to remember, there never was, nor will there ever be, an 
excuse for this kind behavior. In the eyes of the FBI, the victim always 
comes first. 
Many thanks, as always, to our partners from the Southern District of 
New York. Last but not least, I extend my sincere congratulations to 
the FBI's Criminal Division in New York for their hard work on this 
investigation. 
EFTA00010473


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010474.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010474.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 1 of 20 
Appendix B 
EFTA00010474
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 2 of 20 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE #1 AND JANE DOE #2, 
Petitioners, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES, 
Respondent. 
UNITED STATES' SEALED MOTION TO DISMISS 
FOR LACK OF SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION 
The United States hereby requests that this Court enter an order dismissing these 
proceedings and the Petition for Enforcement of Crime Victim's Rights Act, 18 U.S.C. Section 
3771 (DE I, the "Petition"), through which Petitioners Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 have 
advanced claims pursuant to the Crime Victims' Rights Act ("CVRA"), for lack of subject 
matter jurisdiction.1 
This Court lacks subject matter jurisdiction over the Petition because 
See, e.g., Gntpo Dataflux v. Atlas Global Group, L.P., 541 U.S. 567, 571 (2004) 
("Challenges to subject-matter jurisdiction can of course be raised at any time prior to final 
judgment."); United States v. Giraldo-Prado, 150 F.3d 1328, 1329 (11th Cir. 1998) (recognizing 
that "a party may raise jurisdiction at any time during the pendency of the proceedings"); Harrell 
& Sumner Contracting Co. v. Peabody Petersen Co., 546 F.2d 1227, 1229 (5th Cir. 1977) 
("[U]nder Rule 12(h)(3), Fed.R.Civ.P., the defense of lack of subject matter jurisdiction may be 
raised at any time by motion of a party or otherwise."); see also Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(h)(3). In the 
present motion, the United States seeks dismissal of Petitioners' claims based on both a legal and 
factual challenge to the Court's subject matter jurisdiction. This Court may properly consider 
and weigh evidence beyond Petitioners' allegations when evaluating such a challenge to the 
Court's subject matter jurisdiction: 
Factual attacks [on a Court's subject matter jurisdiction] ... "challenge subject 
matter jurisdiction in fact, irrespective of the pleadings." In resolving a factual 
attack, the district court "may consider extrinsic evidence such as testimony and 
affidavits." Since such a motion implicates the fundamental question of a trial 
EFTA00010475
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 3 of 20 
Petitioners lack Article III standing and because the claims raised by Petitioners in these 
proceedings are not constitutionally ripe. 
I. 
The Claims Raised in the Petition Must Be Dismissed for Lack of Subject 
Matter Jurisdiction Because the Petitioners Lack Standing to Bring Those Claims. 
These proceedings pursuant to the CVRA must be dismissed for lack of subject matter 
jurisdiction because Petitioners lack standing to pursue the remedies that they are seeking for 
alleged CVRA violations. As the Supreme Court has explained, 
to satisfy Article III's standing requirements, a plaintiff must show (1) it has 
suffered an "injury in fact" that is (a) concrete and particularized and (b) actual or 
imminent, not conjectural or hypothetical; (2) the injury is fairly traceable to the 
challenged action of the defendant; and (3) it is likely, as opposed to merely 
speculative, that the injury will be redressed by a favorable decision. 
Friends of the Earth, Inc. v. Laidlaw Environmental Services (7'OC), Inc., 528 U.S. 167, 180-81 
(2000); see also, e.g., Young Apartments, Inc. v. Town of Jupiter, 529 F.3d 1027, 1038 (11th Cir. 
2008) (quoting Harris v. Evans, 20 F.3d 1118, 1121 (11th Cir. 1994) (en banc)). Moreover, "a 
plaintiff must demonstrate standing separately for each form of relief sought." Friends of the 
Earth, 528 U.S. at 185. 
Here, the record incontrovertibly demonstrates that Petitioners cannot satisfy the third 
prong of the standing test, and the Petition and these proceedings must accordingly be dismissed 
for lack of subject matter jurisdiction.2 E.g., Florida Wildlife Federation, Inc. v. South Florida 
court's jurisdiction, a "trial court is free to weigh the evidence and satisfy itself as 
to the existence of its power to hear the case" without presuming the truthfulness 
of the plaintiff's allegations. 
Makro Capital of America, Inc. v. UBS AG, 543 F.3d 1254, 1258 (11th Cir. 2008) (citations 
omitted); see also, e.g., McMaster v. United States, 177 F.3d 936, 940 (11th Cir. 1999) ("[W]e 
determine whether this lawsuit survives the government's factual attack [on subject matter 
jurisdiction] by looking to matters outside the pleadings, and we do not accord any presumptive 
truthfulness to the allegations in the complaint."); Stag° v. Ginsberg, 175 F.3d 957, 960-61 
(11th Cir. 1999). 
Although Petitioners also fail to satisfy the first and second prongs of the standing test, 
EFTA00010476
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 4 of 20 
Water Management Dist., 647 F.3d 1296, 1302 (11th Cir. 2011) ("If at any point in the litigation 
the plaintiff ceases to meet all three requirements for constitutional standing, the case no longer 
presents a live case or controversy, and the federal court must dismiss the case for lack of subject 
matter jurisdiction."); Phoenix of Broward, Inc. v. McDonald's Corp., 489 F.3d 1156, 1161 (Ilth 
Cir. 2007) ("[T]he issue of constitutional standing is jurisdictional ...."); National Parks 
Conservation Assn v. Norton, 324 F.3d 1229, 1242 (11th Cir. 2003) ("[B]ecause the 
constitutional standing doctrine stems directly from Article III's 'case or controversy' 
requirement, this issue implicates our subject matter jurisdiction, and accordingly must be 
addressed as a threshold matter regardless of whether it is raised by the parties.") (citation 
omitted). 
In these proceedings, the only identified legal relief that Petitioners have sought pursuant 
to the CVRA is the setting aside of the Non-Prosecution Agreement that was entered into 
between Jeffrey Epstein and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida 
("USAO-SDFL"). See, e.g., DE 99 at 6 (recognizing that the relief Petitioners seek "is to 
invalidate the non-prosecution agreement"). But even assuming arguendo that Petitioners' rights 
under the CVRA were violated when Epstein and the USAO-SDFL entered into the Non-
Prosecution Agreement, constitutional due process guarantees do not allow either the Non-
Prosecution Agreement — which by its terms induced Epstein to, inter alia, plead guilty to state 
criminal charges and serve an 18-month sentence of state incarceration' — or the governmental 
this Court need not reach or address those issues because an analysis of the third prong of the 
standing test incontrovertibly establishes the Petitioners' lack of standing. Nonetheless, the 
circumstances which demonstrate Petitioners' lack of a concrete injury traceable to government 
conduct are explored infra in Section II of this memorandum, which addresses how Petitioners' 
claims and these proceedings lack constitutional ripeness. 
See also July 11, 2008 Hr'g Tr. at 20-21 (Petitioners' acknowledgement that Epstein's 
reliance on promises in Non-Prosecution Agreement led to his guilty plea to state charges and his 
EFTA00010477
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 5 of 20 
obligations undertaken therein to be set aside! See, e.g., Santobello v. New York, 404 U.S. 257, 
262 (1971) ("[W]hen a plea rests in any significant degree on a promise or agreement of the 
prosecutor, so that it can be said to be part of the inducement or consideration, such promise 
must be fulfilled."); United States v. Harvey, 869 F.2d 1439, 1443 (11th Cir. 1989) ("Due 
process requires the government to adhere to the terms of any plea bargain or immunity 
agreement it makes."). 
Indeed, even if this Court were somehow to set aside the Non-
Prosecution Agreement on the authority of the CVRA, and even if after consultation with 
Petitioners the United States determined that it would be proper and desirable to institute a 
criminal prosecution in the Southern District of Florida against Epstein on the criminal charges 
contemplated in the Non-Prosecution Agreement, the United States would still be 
constitutionally required to adhere to the negotiated terms of the Non-Prosecution Agreement. 
See, e.g., Santobello, 404 U.S. at 262; Harvey, 869 F.2d at 1443. 
Due process considerations further bar this Court from setting aside a non-prosecution 
agreement that grants contractual rights to a contracting party (Epstein) who has not been made a 
party to the proceedings before the Court. See, e.g., School Dist of City of Pontiac v. Secretary 
of U.S. Dept of Ethic., 584 F.3d 253, 303 (6th Cir. 2009) ("It is hornbook law that all parties to a 
contract are necessary in an action challenging its validity . . . ."); Dawavendewa v. Salt River 
Project Agr. Imp. & Power Dist, 276 F.3d 1150, 1157 (9th Cir. 2002) ("[A] party to a contract is 
necessary, and if not susceptible to joinder, indispensable to litigation seeking to decimate that 
subsequent 18-month state incarceration). 
To the extent that the Petitioners' requested invalidation of the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement would implicitly reject and nullify the correctness of both the state court's acceptance 
of Epstein's guilty plea and the resulting judgment of conviction —which were induced in part by 
the Non-Prosecution Agreement — such judicial action might raise additional questions about this 
Court's jurisdiction under the Rooker/Feldman doctrine. See, e.g., Casale v. Tillman, 558 F.3d 
1258, 1260-61 (11th Cir. 2009); Powell v. Powell, 80 F.3d 464, 466-68 (11th Cir. 1996). 
EFTA00010478
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 6 of 20 
contract."); Lomayaktewa v. Hathaway, 520 F.2d 1324, 1325 (9th Cir. 1975) ("No procedural 
principle is more deeply imbedded in the common law than that, in an action to set aside a lease 
or a contract, all parties who may be affected by the determination of the action are 
indispensable."); see also National Licorice Co. v. NLRB, 309 U.S. 350, 362 (1940) ("It is 
elementary that it is not within the power of any tribunal to make a binding adjudication of the 
rights in personam of parties not brought before it by due process of law.").5
Additionally, a "favorable ruling" from this Court will not provide Petitioners with 
anything for the alleged CVRA violations that is not already available to them. For the due 
process reasons already discussed above, the United States must legally abide by the terms of the 
Non-Prosecution Agreement even if this Court should somehow set the agreement aside for 
Petitioners to consult further with the government attorney handling the case. Moreover, as will 
be explained in greater detail below, see infra at 8-12, Petitioners already have the present ability 
to confer with an attorney for the government about a federal criminal case against Epstein — 
whether or not the Non-Prosecution Agreement is set aside — because the investigation and 
potential federal prosecution of Epstein for crimes committed against the Petitioners and others 
remains a legally viable possibility.6
The present proceedings under the CVRA must accordingly be dismissed for lack of 
standing because Petitioners simply have no injury that is likely to be redressed by a favorable 
ruling in these proceedings. See, e.g., Scott v. Taylor, 470 F.3d 1014, 1018 (11th Cir. 2006) 
(holding that there was no standing where it was speculative that remedy that Plaintiff sought 
Significantly, it is Epstein's contractual rights under the non-prosecution agreement that 
Petitioners seek to void through these proceedings. 
Petitioners' present, as well as past, ability to confer with an attorney for the government 
also demonstrates that Petitioners fail to satisfy the first two prongs of the standing test: 
Petitioners have simply not suffered a concrete injury that is fairly traceable to the challenged 
government conduct. 
EFTA00010479
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 7 of 20 
would redress claimed injury). 
II. 
The Claims Raised in the Petition Are Not Constitutionally Ripe, and These 
Proceedings Must Thus Be Dismissed for Lack of Subject Matter Jurisdiction. 
This Court must also dismiss these proceedings for lack of subject matter jurisdiction 
because the Petitioners' claims are not constitutionally ripe. 
Ripeness, like standing, "originate[s] from the Constitution's Article III requirement that 
the jurisdiction of the federal courts be limited to actual cases and controversies." Elend v. 
Basham, 471 F.3d 1199, 1204-05 (11th Cir. 2006). "'The ripeness doctrine keeps federal courts 
from deciding cases prematurely,' Beaulieu v. City of Alabaster, 454 F.3d 1219, 1227 (11th Cir. 
2006), and `protects [them] from engaging in speculation or wasting their resources through the 
review of potential or abstract disputes,' Digital Props., Inc. v. City of Plantation, 121 F.3d 586, 
589 (11th Cir.1997)." United States v. Rivera, 613 F.3d 1046, 1050 (11th Cir. 2010); see also 
Pittman v. Cole, 267 F.3d 1269, 1278 (11th Cir. 2001) ("The ripeness doctrine prevent[s] the 
courts, through avoidance of premature adjudication, from entangling themselves in abstract 
disagreements . . . .'") (quoting Coalition for the Abolition of Marijuana Prohibition v. City of 
Atlanta, 219 F.3d 1301, 1315 (11th Cir. 2000) (citations and quotations omitted))). Under the 
ripeness doctrine, a court must therefore determine "'whether there is sufficient injury to meet 
Article III's requirement of a case or controversy and, if so, whether the claim is sufficiently 
mature, and the issues sufficiently defined and concrete, to permit effective decisionmaking by 
the court."' In re Jacks, 642 F.3d 1323, 1332 (11th Cir. 2011) (quoting Cheffer v. Reno, 55 F.3d 
1517, 1524 (11th Cir. 1995)). 
When evaluating whether a claim is ripe, a court considers: "(1) the fitness of the issues 
for judicial decision, and (2) the hardship to the parties of withholding court consideration."' Id. 
(quoting Cheffer, 55 F.3d at 1524 (citing Abbott Labs. v. Gardner, 387 U.S. 136, 149 (1967))); 
EFTA00010480
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 8 of 20 
see also, e.g., Association For Children for Enforcement of Support, Inc. v. Conger, 899 F.2d 
1164, 1165 (11th Cir. 1990). Under the doctrine, "[a] claim is not ripe when it is based on 
speculative possibilities," In re Jacks, 642 F.3d 1323, 1332 (11th Cir. 2011), such as if the claim 
"'rests upon contingent future events that may not occur as anticipated, or indeed may not occur 
at all,"' Atlanta Gas Light Co. v. FERC, 140 F.3d 1392, 1404 (11th Cir. 1998) (quoting Texas v. 
United States, 523U.S. 296, 300 (1998)). Indeed, "[t]he ripeness doctrine is designed to prevent 
federal courts from engaging in such speculation and prematurely and perhaps unnecessarily 
reaching constitutional issues." Pittman, 267 F.3d at 1280. 
In these proceedings, the Petitioners have sought to set aside the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement between Epstein and the USAO-SDFL so that Petitioners can "confer with the 
attorney for the Government" about the possible filing of federal criminal charges against 
Epstein and the potential disposition of any such charges. See, e.g., July 11, 2008 Hr'g Tr. at 6-7 
(seeking an "[o]rder that the [non-prosecution] agreement that was negotiated is invalid" so that 
Petitioners can exercise the right to confer with the government); id. at 19-20, 24; 18 U.S.C. 
§ 3771(a)(5); see also DE 1 at 2 ¶ 5 (claiming that Petitioner was "denied her rights" under the 
CVRA because she "received no consultation with the attorney for the government regarding the 
possible disposition of the charges"). 
Notwithstanding the Non-Prosecution Agreement, Petitioners are and have been free to 
confer with attorneys for the government about the investigation and potential prosecution of 
Epstein. At least one attorney for the government (Assistant United States Attorney Villafafia 
from the USAO-SDFL) had spoken to Petitioners about the offenses committed against them by 
Epstein prior to the signing of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, see, e.g., July 11, 2008 Hr'g Tr. 
at 22 (acknowledging that prosecutors spoke to Petitioners "about what happened" to them); DE 
EFTA00010481
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 9 of 20 
at 6 ¶ 8; see also DE 99 at 3, and government attorneys have on multiple occasions offered to 
confer with Petitioners, see, e.g., July 11, 2008 Hr'g Tr. at 13 ("I will always confer, sit down 
with Jane Doe 1 and 2, with the two agents and Ms. Villafana. We'll be happy to sit down with 
them."). Indeed, on December 10, 2010, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of 
Florida, accompanied by supervisory and line prosecutors from the USAO-SDFL, personally 
conferred with Petitioners' counsel and with Petitioner Jane Doe #1 and entertained discussion 
about Petitioners' desires to see Epstein criminally prosecuted on federal charges.7 The United 
States Attorney and prosecutors in the USAO-SDFL have also corresponded with Petitioners' 
counsel on multiple occasions about Petitioners' desires to have Epstein criminally prosecuted on 
federal charges.8
Additionally, 
a number of districts outside the Southern District of Florida (e.g., the Southern 
District of New York and the District of New Jersey) share jurisdiction and venue with the 
Southern District of Florida over potential federal criminal charges based on the alleged sexual 
acts committed by Epstein against the Petitioners. 
Epstein is thus subject to potential 
prosecution for such acts in those districts. Furthermore, because of the nature of the allegations 
against Epstein, the filing of such potential charges against Epstein still remains temporally 
viable; charges for such sexual activities involving minors are not barred by the applicable 
The United States Attorney also offered to confer with Jane Doe #2, but Jane Doe #2 
declined the invitation and did not attend the meeting that was scheduled with the United States 
Attorney. 
Since that time, the USAO-SDFL has been recused by the Department of Justice from 
prospective responsibility for any criminal investigation or potential prosecution relating to 
Epstein's alleged sexual activities with minor females. The Department of Justice has reassigned 
responsibility for the investigation and potential prosecution of such criminal matters in the 
Southern District of Florida to the United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of 
Florida for consideration of any prosecutorial action that may be authorized and appropriate. 
EFTA00010482
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 10 of 
statutes of limitations. See 18 U.S.C. §§ 3283, 3299. Petitioners are free to contact the United 
States Attorney's Office in those districts and seek to confer with government attorneys in those 
offices about investigating and potentially prosecuting Epstein based on the alleged federal 
crimes committed against them.9
Petitioners nonetheless have appeared to contend throughout these proceedings that the 
many opportunities that they have been given to consult with the attorneys for the government 
about Epstein's offenses and the potential charges against Epstein — opportunities which continue 
to be available to Petitioners — are not meaningful under the CVRA due to the existence of the 
Non-Prosecution Agreement. According to Petitioners, the Non-Prosecution Agreement has 
given Epstein a "free pass" on federal criminal charges for the offenses he committed against 
Petitioners and others. See, e.g., DE 9 at 15 (characterizing Non-Prosecution Agreement as "a 
`free pass' from the federal government"), 2 (contending that the Non-Prosecution Agreement 
"allowed [Epstein] ... to escape all federal prosecution for dozens of serious federal sex offenses 
against minors"), 7 ("the wealthy defendant has escaped all federal punishment"), 12 ("[T]he 
agreement prevents federal prosecution of the defendant for numerous sex offenses."); DE 77 at 
(describing Non-Prosecution Agreement as "an agreement that blocked federal prosecution of 
Epstein for the multitude of sex offenses he committed again [sic] the victims"), 17 ("The [Non-
The USAO-SDFL has no present knowledge about whether the United States Attorney's 
Offices in those districts have opened any investigations into the allegations that have been made 
against Epstein, whether those offices are even aware of those allegations or the evidence 
supporting them, or what investigative or prosecutorial actions, if any, those offices might take in 
the future. Nonetheless, should any investigation be underwa or should an investigation be 
initiated involving such allegations, the evidence gathered 
in the Southern 
District of Florida could be disclosed to federal prosecutors an 
e era gran juries in New York 
or New Jersey. See 
EFTA00010483
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 11 of 
Prosecution Agreement] barred prosecution of the federal sexual offenses that Epstein had 
committed against Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2 .. ."),I° That is simply not so. 
Contrary to Petitioners' contentions, there has been no disposition by the government of 
any federal criminal charges against Epstein. No federal charges involving Petitioners have ever 
been brought against Epstein, and no such federal charges have been resolved. The Non-
Prosecution Agreement about which Petitioners complain disposes of Eq federal criminal 
charges against Epstein, and that agreement does not bar the United States from bringing federal 
criminal charges against Epstein. Instead, when addressing potential federal criminal charges 
against Epstein, the USAO-SDFL merely agreed in the Non-Prosecution Agreement that: 
on the authority of R. Alexander Acosta, United States Attorney for the Southern 
District of Florida, prosecution in this District for these offenses shall be deferred 
in favor of prosecution by the State of Florida, provided that Epstein abides by the 
following conditions and the requirements of this Agreement set forth below. 
and that 
After timely fulfilling all the terms and conditions of the Agreement, no 
prosecution for the offenses set out on pages 1 and 2 of this Agreement, nor any 
other offenses that have been the subject of the joint investigation by the Federal 
Bureau of Investigation and the United States Attorney's Office, nor any offenses 
that arose from the Federal Grand Jury investigation will be instituted in this 
District, and the charges against Epstein if any, will be dismissed. 
Non-Prosecution Agreement at 2 (emphasis added). 
Thus, the Non-Prosecution Agreement simply obligated the government not to prosecute 
Epstein in the Southern District of Florida for the offenses set forth in the Non-Prosecution 
This Court has also previously described the Non-Prosecution Agreement as "an 
agreement under which . . . the U.S. Attorney's Office would agree not to prosecute Epstein for 
federal offenses." DE 99 at 2-3. That description of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, however, 
was not based on the Court's interpretation of the terms of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, but 
was instead based on "allegations" by Petitioners that the Court concluded were "not yet 
supported by evidence" but upon which the Court nonetheless relied "solely to provide the 
context for the threshold issues addressed in" its September 26, 2011 Order. Id. at 2 n.2. 
EFTA00010484
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 12 of 
Agreement. The Non-Prosecution Agreement does not bar the United States from bringing 
federal criminal charges against Epstein for the offenses set forth in the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement in any other district in the nation." See, e.g., United States v. Cain, 587 F.2d 678, 
680 (5th Cir. 1979) ("Where . . . the prosecutor is not found to have made promises relating to 
nonprosecution of charges in another district and the [defendant] is not found to have relied on 
such alleged promises, this Court will affirm the trial court's denial of a motion to dismiss the 
subsequent prosecutions."). Neither does the Non-Prosecution Agreement bar prosecution in any 
district for offenses not identified in the agreement. 
Petitioners contend that the CVRA gives a victim the right to confer with the attorney for 
the government before there is a disposition of contemplated, but-not-yet-filed federal criminal 
charges arising from offenses against the victim. But, although the government disputes that the 
CVRA creates such a right,'2 the Petitioners have never been denied any such right. The 
Petitioners have had and still have the ability confer to with the attorney for the government 
about potential federal criminal charges against Epstein and about the potential disposition of 
any such charges, should they be filed. In fact, Petitioners are free to approach the United States 
Attorney's Offices in districts such as the Southern District of New York and the District of New 
Jersey — whose authority to institute criminal charges against Epstein in their districts has not 
" Significantly, under the governing provision of the United States Attorney's Manual, the 
USAO-SDFL did not have the authority to unilaterally bar Epstein's prosecution in any other 
district in the country: 
No district or division shall make any agreement, including any agreement not to 
prosecute, which purports to bind any other district(s) or division without the 
express written approval of the United States Attomey(s) in each affected district 
and/or the Assistant Attorney General of the Criminal Division. 
USAM 9-27.641 (Multi-District (Global) Agreement Requests). 
The government acknowledges that this Court has nonetheless ruled that "as a matter of 
law the CVRA can apply before formal charges are filed," DE 99 at 10; see also id. at 6-9, but 
has not yet determined "whether the particular rights asserted here attached," id. at 10. 
EFTA00010485
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 13 of 
been curtailed by the Non-Prosecution Agreement — to discuss the possibility of pursuing federal 
criminal charges against Epstein.13 Nothing precludes Petitioners from doing so, and there is 
nothing to indicate that Petitioners' wishes to confer with government attorneys in those districts 
would be rebuffed in any way. Indeed, it would be rank speculation by Petitioners to contend 
otherwise. 
Here, Petitioners have acknowledged that the best relief they can hope to obtain through 
these proceedings is the ability to confer with the attorneys for the government. See, e.g., July 
II, 2008 Hr'g Tr. at 7 (agreeing that "the best [Petitioners] can get" is the "right to confer"). 
Yet, under the circumstances, a claim that Petitioners have been denied the opportunity to confer 
with the attorney for the government about the filing and disposition of criminal charges against 
Epstein is premature and constitutionally unripe. "This is plainly the type of hypothetical case 
that [a court] should avoid deciding." Association for Children for Enforcement of Support, Inc. 
v. Conger, 899 F.2d 1164, 1166 (11th Cir. 1990). Any speculation by Petitioners that they might 
prospectively be denied the opportunity to confer with the government about still-legally-viable 
federal charges against Epstein simply cannot ripen Petitioners' claims. See id. (recognizing that 
courts "do not generally decide cases based on a party's predicted conduct"). 
For these reasons, Petitioners' claims in these proceedings should be dismissed for lack 
of subject matter jurisdiction. See, e.g., In re Jacks, 642 F.3d 1323, 1332 (11th Cir. 2011) 
(holding that claims that are "based on events that may take place in the future" are to be 
"dismissed for lack of jurisdiction") (citing Greenbriar, Ltd. v. City of Alabaster, 881 F.2d 1570, 
1574 n.7 (1 1 th Cir. 1989) ("[R]ipeness goes to whether the district court had subject matter 
Petitioners could also approach the United States Attorney's Office for the Middle 
District of Florida, but, due to that office's recusal-based derivative prosecutorial responsibilities 
in the Southern District of Florida, see supra note 8, the Non-Prosecution Agreement would 
constrain the possible filing of federal charges by that office in the Southern District of Florida. 
EFTA00010486
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 14 of 
jurisdiction to hear the case.")); Reahard v. Lee County, 30 F.3d 1412, 1415 (11th Cir. 1994) 
("The question of ripeness `goes to whether the district court had subject matter jurisdiction.") 
(quoting Greenbriar, 881 F.2d at 1573); see also Jacksonville Property Rights Ass 'n, Inc. v. City 
of Jacksonville, 635 F.3d 1266, 1276 (11th Cir. 2011) (concluding that when plaintiffs ask a 
court "to issue a declaration on an issue that might never impact their substantive rights," they 
are "asking th[e] court either to issue an impermissible advisory opinion, or to decide a case that 
is not yet ripe for decision"), reh'g & reh g en banc denied, Case No. 09-15629, 
Fed. App'x 
(11th Cir. Jun. 29, 2011) (Table). 
Conclusion 
For the reasons set forth above, the United States respectfully requests that this Court 
enter an order dismissing the Petitioners' claims and these proceedings for lack of subject matter 
jurisdiction. 
EFTA00010487
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 15 of 
Respectfully submitted, 
WIFREDO A. FERRER 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
By: 
Dexter A. Lee 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Florida Bar No. 0936693 
N.E. 4th Street 
Miami, Florida 33132 
Tel: (305) 961-9320; Fax: (305) 530-7139 
Email: dexter.lee@usdoj.gov 
Eduardo 1. Sanchez 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Florida Bar No. 877875 
N.E. 4th Street 
Miami, Florida 33132 
Tel: (305) 961-9057; Fax: (305) 536-4676 
Email: eduardo.i.sanchez@usdoj.gov 
A. Marie Villafatia 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Florida Bar No. 0018255 
500 S. Australian Avenue, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Tel: (561) 820-8711; Fax: (561) 820-8777 
Email: ann.marie.c.villafana@usdoj.gov 
Attorneys for Respondent 
EFTA00010488
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 16 of 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that a true and correct copy of the foregoing United States' Sealed 
Motion to Dismiss for Lack of Subject Matter Jurisdiction was served via United States Mail this 
7th day of November, 2011, upon Counsel for Petitioners Jane Doe #1 and Jane Doe #2, 
accompanied by a copy of the November 7, 2011 Sealed Order Granting Government's Motion 
for Limited Disclosure of Grand Jury Matter. Pursuant to the Order regarding the disclosure of 
Grand Jury Information, a copy was not served upon the proposed intervenors. 
Assistant United Stet 
Attorney 
Is 
EFTA00010489
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 17 of 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Does 1 and 2 v. United States, 
Case No. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Brad Edwards, Esq., 
The Law Offices of Brad Edwards & Associates, LLC 
2028 Harrison Street, Suite 202 
Hollywood, Florida 33020 
(954) 414-8033 
Fax: (954) 924-1530 
Paul G. Cassell 
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the 
University of Utah 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, Utah 84112 
(801) 585-5202 
Fax: (801) 585-6833 
E-mail: casselp@law.utah.edu 
Attorneys for Jane Doe # 1 and Jane Doe # 2 
EFTA00010490
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 18 of 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
IN RE: 
GRAND JURY PROCEEDINGS 
FEDERAL GRAND JURY 05-02(WPB) AND 
FEDERAL GRAND JURY 07-103(WPB) 
Sealed Order Granting 
Government's Motion for Limited Disclosure of Grand Jury Matter 
UNDER SEAL 
EFTA00010491
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLED Docket 07/05/2013 Page 19 of 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
IN RE: 
GRAND JURY PROCEEDINGS 
FEDERAL GRAND JURY 05-02(WPB) AND 
FEDERAL GRAND JURY 07-103(WPB) 
Sealed Order Granting 
Government's Motion for Limited Disclosure of Grand Jury Matter 
This cause comes before the Court on the Government's Sealed Ex Parte Motion for 
Limited Disclosure of Grand Jury Matter Pursuant to Fed. R. Crim. P. 6(e)(3)(E)(i). After 
careful consideration of the pounds raised in said motions, and the Court being otherwise 
advised in the premises, 
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the Government's Motion for Limited Disclosure of 
Grand Jury Matter Pursuant to Fed. R. Crim. P. 6(e)(3)(E)(i) is GRANTED. The Government 
is authorized to disclose in Jane Doe No. .1 and Jane Doe No. 2 v. United States, Case No. 08-
80736-Civ-Marra (S.D. Fla.). 
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that disclosure pursuant to Fed. R. Crim. P. 6(eX3XEXi) 
shall be conditioned on the following: 
EFTA00010492
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 205-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/05/2013 Page 20 of 
(1) the disclosure of the aforementioned grand jury information shall be limited to filings 
made under seal in Case No. 08-80736-Civ-Marra; 
(2) the service of filings containing the aforementioned grand jury information shall be 
limited to counsel for Petitioners Jane Doe No. 1 and Jane Doe No. 2 and for the 
government in Case No. 08-80736-Civ-Marra, and shall be accompanied by a copy of 
this Order; and 
(3) further dissemination by any person or entity receiving disclosure of the grand jury 
information authorized to be disclosed by this Order shall be limited to the individual 
Petitioners in Case No. 08-80736-Civ-Marra, and any dissemination of such grand 
jury information shall be accompanied by a copy of this Order. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm 
Florida, this  7" day of 
November, 2011. 
DONICLD M. M1DDLEBROOKS 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 
• 
• 
EFTA00010493


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010494.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010494.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "a"
To: ' 
USANYS)"  
Cc: '1 
his
Subject: RE: Epstein investigation -- request 
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 2019 22:19:50 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: Epstein_NPA,_dated_2007-09-24.pdf 
Definitely — attached. 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Monday, June 24, 2019 18:06 
To: 
< 
Subject: Epstein investigation -- request 
Team, 
Would you pls send me the DPA? 
Many thanks. 
EFTA00010494


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010495.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010495.pdf
----------------------------------------
STATE OF FLORIDA 
vs. 
-17)Qkc- --‘'
I. DEFENDANT: 
2. DEFENDANT: 
3. DEFENDANT: 
4. DEFENDANT: 
5. DEFENDANT: 
IN TH 
DIVISION OF THE CIRCUIT 
COUR 
FTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CASE NUMBER(S): 
PLEA IN THE CIRCUIT COURT 
I am the defendant in the above-mentioned matter(s), and I am represented by the attorney indicated below. I 
understand I have the right lobe represented by an attorney at all stages of the proceeding until the case is terminated, 
and if I cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed free of charge. 
I understand I have the right to a speedy and public trial either by jury or by court. I hereby waive and give up this 
right. 
I 
/1 
I understand I have the right to be confronted by the witnesses against me and to cross examine them by myself or 
through my attorney. I hereby give up these rights. 
I understand I have the right to testify on my own behalf, but I cannot be compelled to be a witness against myself 
and may remain silent if I so choose. I hereby give up these rights. 
I understand I have the right to call witnesses to testify in my behalf and to invoke the compulsory process of the 
Court to subpoena those witnesses. I hereby give up these rights. 
6. DEFENDANT: 
I understand I have the right to appeal all matters relating to the charge(s) and, unless I plea Guilty or No Contest, 
specifically reserving my right to appeal, I will give up such right of appeal. 
7. DEFENDANT: 
I understand that if I am not a United States Citizen, my plea may subject me to deportation pursuant to the laws and 
regulations governing the United States Immigration and Naturalization Service: and, this Court has no jurisdiction 
(authority) in such matters. 
I 
8. DEFENDANT: 
9. DEFENDANT: 
10.DEFEM)ANT: 
11. DEFENDANT: 
I have not received any promises front anyone, including my attorney, concerning eligibility for any form of early 
release authorized by law and further no promises have been made to me as to the actual amount of time that I will 
serve under the sentence to be imposed. Further, I understand that this plea may be used to enhance future criminal 
penalties in any court system, even if adjudication of guilt is withheld. 
I offer my plea freely and voluntarily and of my own accord, with full understanding of all matters set forth in the 
pleadings and this waiver. 
I have personally placed my initials in each bracket above, and I understand each and every one of the rights outlined 
above. I hereby waive and give up each of them in order to enter my plea to the within charge(s). I understand that 
even though the Court may approve the agreement of sentence, the Court is not bound by the agreement, the Court 
may withdraw its approval at any time before pronouncing judgment, in which case I shall be able to withdraw my 
plea should I desire to do so. 
Choose one: 
If applicable, I choose a program which is or may he spiritually based. 
If applicable, I choose a program which is NOT spiritually based. 
If applicable, I have no preference if the program is or may he spiritually based. 
DEFENDANT 
DEFENDANT'S ATTORNEY ONLY: 
DATE 
I am attorney of record. 1 have explained each of the above rights to the defendant and have explored the facts with him/her and studied his/her 
possible defenses to the charge(s). I concur with his/her decision to waive the rights and to enter this plea. I further stipulate that this document 
may be received by the Court as evidence of defendant's intelligent waiver of these rights and that it shall be filed by the Clerk as permanent record 
of that waiver. 
ATTORNEY FOR THE DEFENDANT 
DATE 
Pajime I of 
Original - CP451281gen - State Attorney 
Yellow - Defense Atta98Y1 4R- Defendant 
Form Circuit I (rev 8/2000) 
Goidgaa t*filiill
quest No
6-268 
Form 002 
EFTA00010495


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010496.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010496.pdf
----------------------------------------
PLEA IN THE CIRCUIT COURT 
THE FOLLOWING IS TO REFLECT ALL TERM! OF THE NEGOTIATED SETTLEMENT 
Name. Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Plea: Guilty A 
At 
NI 
Case Np.._______ __Chew _ . 
Count Lesser . _ 
Denies 
06CF009454AMB 
Felony Solicitation of Prostitution 
No 
Fill 
08CF009381AMB 
Procuring Person Under 18 for Prostitution 1 
No 
FF1. 
PSI: Waived/Not Required X _ 
Required/Requested 
ADJUDICATION: 
Adjudicate ix ) 
SENTENCE: 
On 06CF009454AMB, the Defendant is sentenced to 12 months in the Palm Beach County 
Detention Facility, with credit for 1 (one) day time served. 
On 08CF009381AMB, the Defendant is sentenced to 6 months in the Palm Beach County 
Detention Facility, with credit for 1 (one) day time served. This 6 month sentence is to be 
served consecutive to the 12 month sentence in 06CF009454AMB. Following this 6 
month sentence, the Defendant will be placed on 12 months Community Control 1 (one). 
The conditions of community control are attached hereto and incorporated herein.
OTHER COMMENTS OR CONDITIONS: 
As a special condition of his community control, the Defendant is to have no unsupervised 
contact with minors, and the supervising adult must be approved by the Department of 
Corrections. 
The Defendant is designated as a Sexual Offender pursuant to Florida Statute 943.0435 and 
must abide by all the corresponding requirements of the statute, a copy of which is attached 
hereto and incorporated herein. 
The Defendant must provide a DNA sample in court at the time of this plea. 
Assistant State Attorney 
Attorney for the Defendant 
Date of Plea 
Defendant 
0312512015 
Page 20 of 114 
Public Records Request No.: 16-268 
EFTA00010496
--- PAGE 2 ---
948.101 Terms and conditions of community control and criminal quarantine community 
control.--
(1) The court shalt determine the terms and conditions of community control. Conditions 
specified in this subsection do not require oral pronouncement at the time of sentencing and 
may be considered standard conditions of community control. 
la) The court shall require intensive supervision and surveillance for an offender placed into 
community control, which may include but is not limited to: 
1. Specified contact with the parole and probation officer.
2. Confinement to an agreed-upon residence during hours away from employment and public 
service activities. 
3. Mandatory public service 
4. Supervision by the Department of Corrections by means of an electronic monitoring device 
or system. 
5. The standard conditions of probation set forth ins. 918.03. 
(b) for an offender placed on criminal quarantine community control, the court shall require: 
1. Electronic monitoring 24 hours per day.
2. Confinement to a designated residence during designated hours. 
12) The enumeration of specific kinds of terms and conditions does not prevent the court from 
adding thereto any other terms or conditions that the court considers proper. ilowever, tht• 
sentencing court may only impose a condition of supervision allowing an offender convicted of 
s. 794.011, s. 800,24, s. 827.071, or s. 847.0145 to reside in another state if the order 
stipulates that it is contingont upon the approval of the receiving state interstate compact 
authority. The court may rescind or modify at any time the teems and conditions theretofore 
imposed by it upon the offonder in community control. However, if the court withholds 
adjudication of guilt or imposes a period of incarceration as o condition of community control, 
the period may not exceed 364 days, and incarceration shall be restricted to a county facility, 
a probation and restitution center under the jurisdiction of the Department of Corrections. a 
probation program drug punishment phase I secure residential treatment institution, or a 
community residential facility owned or operated by any entity providing such services. 
13) The court may place a defendant who is being sentenced for criminal transmission of HIV in 
violation of s. 775.0877 on criminal quarantine community control. The Department of 
Corrections shall develop aid administer a criminal quarantino community control program 
emphasizing intensive supervision with 24-hour-per-day electronic monitoring. Criminal 
quarantine community control status must include surveillance and may include other measi yes 
normally associated with community control, except that specific conditions necessary to 
monitor this population may be ordered. 
03/25/2015 
Page 21 of 114 
Public Records Request No.. 16-268 
EFTA00010497
--- PAGE 3 ---
'943.0435 Sexual offenders required to register with the department; penalty.--
(1) As used in this section, the term: 
(a)1. -Sexual offender moans a person who meets the criteria in sub-subparagraph a., sub -
subparagraph b., sub-subparagraph c., or sub-subparagraph d., as follows: 
a.(I) Has boon convicted of committing, or attempting, soliciting, or conspiring to commit, any 
of the criminal offenses proscribed in the following statutes in this state or similar offenses in 
another jurisdiction: s. 787.01 s. 787.02, or s. 787,025(2)(c), where the victim is a minor and 
the defendant is not the victim's parent or guardian; s. 794.011, excluding s. 794.011(10); s. 
794.05. s. 796.03. s. 796.035; s. 800.04; s. 825.1025; s. 827.071. s. 847.0133. s. 847.0135 
excluding s. 847.0135(4); s. 847.0137; s. 847.0138; s. 847.0145; or s. 985.701(1); or any similar 
offense committed in this state which has boon redesignated from a former statute number to 
one of those listed in this sub-sub-subparagraph; and 
(II) Has been released on or after October 1, 1997, from the sanction imposed for any 
conviction of an offense described in sub-sub-subparagraph (I). For purposes of sub-sub• 
subparagraph (I), a sanction imposed in this state or in any other jurisdiction includes, but r,
not limited to, a fire, probation, community control, parole, conditional release, control 
release, or incarceration in a state prison, federal prison, private correctional facility, or int al 
detention facility; 
b. Establishes or maintains a residence in this state and who has not been designated as a 
sexual predator by a court of this state but who has been designated as a sexual predator, 
a 
sexually violent predator, or by another sexual offender designation in another state or 
jurisdiction and was, as a result of such designation, subjected to registration or community or 
public notification, or both, or would be if the person wore a resident of that state or 
jurisdiction, without regard to whether the person otherwise meets the criteria for registration 
as a sexual offender; 
c. Establishes or maintains a residence in this state who is in the custody or control of, or 
under the supervision of, any other state or jurisdiction as a result of a conviction for 
committing, or attempting, soliciting, or conspiring to commit, any of the criminal offenses 
proscribed in the following statutes or similar offense in another jurisdiction: s. 787.01, s. 
787.02 or s. 787.025(2)(c), where the victim is a minor and the defendant is not the victim's 
parent or guardian; s. 794.011, excluding s. 794.011(10); s. 794.05; s. 796.03; s. 796.035; s. 
800.04; s. 825.1025. s. 827.071; s. 847.0133; s. 847.0135, excluding s. 847.0135(4); s. 
847.0137; s. 847.0138; s. 847.0145; or s. 985.701(1); or any similar offense committed in this 
state which has boon redosignated from a former statute number to one of those listed in this 
sub-subparagraph; or 
d. On or after July 1, 2007, has boon adjudicated delinquent for committing, or attempting. 
soliciting, or conspiring to commit, any of the criminal offenses proscribed in the following 
statutes in this state or similar offenses in another jurisdiction when the juvenile was 14 yeas s 
of ago or older at the time of the offense: 
(I) Section 794.011, excluding s. 794.011(10); 
(II) Section 800.04(4)(b) where the victim is under 12 years of ago or where the court find: 
sexual activity by the use of force or coercion; 
(III) Section 800.04(5)(c)1. whore the court finds molestation involving unclothed genitals; or 
0312512015 
Page 22 of 114 
Public Records Request No.: 16-268 
EFTA00010498
--- PAGE 4 ---
Section 8O0,04(5)(d) where the court finds the use of force or coercion and unclothed 
genitals. 
2. For all qualifying offenses listed in sub-subparagraph (1,(a)l.d., the court shall make a 
written finding of the age of the offender at the time of the offense. 
For each violation of a qualifying offense listed in this subsection, the court shall make d 
written finding of the age of the victim at the time of the offense. For a violation of s. 
800.04(4), the court shall additionally make a wntten finding indicating that the offense di:: ur 
did not involve sexual activity and indicating that the offense did or did not involve force c• 
coercion. For a violation of s. app,p(s), the court shall additionally make a written finding 
that the offense did or did not involve unclothed genitals or genital area and that the offen 
did or did not involve the use of force or coercion. 
(b) 'Convicted" means that there has been a determination of guilt as a result of a trial or 
a 
entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere, regardless of whether adjudication is withhole 
and includes an adjudication of delinquency of a juvenile as specified in this section. 
Conviction of a similar offense includes, but is nct limited to, a conviction by a federal or 
military tribunal, including courts-martial conducted by the Armed Forces of the United States, 
and includes a conviction or entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere resulting in a sanction 
in any state of the United States or other jurisdiction. A sanction includes, but is not limited 
to, a find, probation, community control, parole, conditional release, control release, or 
incarceration in a state prison, federal prison, private correctional facility, or local detention 
facility. 
(c) 'Permanent residence" at id 'temporary residence" have the same meaning ascribed in s. 
775,71, 
Id) "Institution of higher education" means a career center, community college, college, state 
university, or independent postsecondary institution. 
le) 'Change in enrollment or employment status' means the commencement on termination c f 
enrollment or employment or a change in location of enrollment or employment. 
(f) 'Electronic mail address" has the same meaning as provided ins. 668,602, 
(g) Instant message name means an identifier tikie allows a person to communicate in re ‘i 
time with another person using the Internet 
12) A sexual offender shall:
la) Report in person at the sheriffs office: 
1. In the county in which the offender establishes or maintains a permanent oi tompot 
y 
residence within 48 hours after: 
a. Establishing permanent or temporary residence in this state; or 
b. fraying released from the custody, control, or supervision of the Department of Coirection. 
or from the custody of a private correctional facility; or 
2. In the county where he or she was convicted within 48 hours after being convicted for t. 
qualifying offense for registration under this section if the offender is not in the custody o; 
03/25/2015 
Page 23 of 114 
Public Records Request No.: 16-268 
EFTA00010499
--- PAGE 5 ---
control of, or under the supervision of, the Department of Corrections. or is not in the custody 
of a private correctional facility. 
Any change in the sexual offender's permanent or temporary residence, name, any electronic 
mail address and any instant message name required to be provided pursuant to paragraph 
(4)(d), after the sexual offender reports in person at the sheriffs office, shall be accomplished 
in the manner provided in subsections (4), (7), and 18). 
(b) Provide his or her name, date of birth, social security number, race, sex, height, weight, 
hair and eye color, tattoos or other identifying marks, occupation and place of employment, 
address of permanent or legal residence or address of any current temporary residence, within 
the Unto and out of state, including a rural route address and a post office box, any electronic 
mail address and any instant message name required to be provided pursuant to paragraph 
(4)(4), date and place of each conviction, and a brief description of the crime or crimes 
committed by the offender. A post office box shall not be provided in lieu of a physical 
residential address. 
1. If the sexual offender's place of residence is a motor vehicle, trailer, mobile home, or 
manufactured home, as defined in chapter 320, the sexual offender shall also provide to the 
department through the sheriffs office wntten notice of the vehicle identification number: the 
license tag number; the registration number; and a description, including color scheme, of the 
motor vehicle, traitor, mobile home, or manufactured home. If the sexual offender's place of 
residence is a vessel, live-aboard vessel, or houseboat, as defined in chapter 327, the sexual 
offender shall also provide to the departmei it written notice of the hull identification number; 
the manufacturer's serial number; the name of the vessel, live-aboard vessel, or houseboat; the 
registration number; and a description, in cloding color scheme, of the vessel, livo-aboard 
vessel, or houseboat. 
2. If the sexual offender is enrolled, employed, or carrying on a vocation at an institution of 
higher education in this state, the sexual offender shall also provide to the department through 
the sheriffs office the name, address, and county of each institution, including each campus 
attended, and the sexual offender's enrollment or employment status. Each chengo in 
enrollment or employment status shall be reported in person at the sheriffs office, within 98 
hours after any change in status. The sheriff shall promptly notify each institution of the sexual 
offender's presence and any change in the sexual offender's enrollment ei employment status. 
When a sexual offender reports at the sheriffs office, the sheriff shalt take a photograph and a 
sot of fingerprints of the offender and forward the photographs and fingerprints to the 
department, along with the information provided by the sexual offender. The sheriff shall 
promptly provide to the department the information received from the sexual offender. 
(3) Within 48 hours after the report required uncle' subsection (2), a sexual offender shall 
report in person at a driver's license office of the Department of Highway Safety and Motor 
Vehicles, unless a driver's lIcense or identificatio2 card that complies with the requirement% 01 
s. 322.141(3) was previously secured or updated under s. 944.607. At the driver's license of Ae c 
the sexual offender 
(a) If otherwise qualified, secure a Florida driver's license, renew a Florida driver's license, or 
secure an identification card. The sexual offender shall identify himself or herself as a sexual 
offender who is required to comply with this section and shall provide proof that the sexual 
offender reported as required in subsection (2). The sexual offender shalt provide any of the 
information specified in subsection (2), if requested. The sexual offender shot( submit to the 
taking of a photograph for use in issuing a driver's license, renewed license. or identification 
card. and for use by the department in maintaining current records of sexual offenders. 
03125/2015 
Page 24 of 114 
Public Records Request No.: 16-268 
EFTA00010500
--- PAGE 6 ---
(b) Pay the costs assessed by the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles for issuing 
or renewing a driver's license or identification card as required by this section. the driver's 
license or identification card issued must be in compliance with s. 322.141(3). 
(c) Provide, upon request, any additional information necessary to confirm the identity of the 
sexual offender, including a t;ot of fingerprints. 
(4)(4) Each time a sexual offender's driver's license or identification card is subject to roneveal, 
and, without regard to the status of the offender's driver's license or identification card, within 
hours after any change in the offender's permanent or temporary residence or change in the 
offender's name by reason of marriage or other legal process, the offender shall report in 
person to a driver's license office, and shall be subject to the requirements specified in 
subsection (3). The Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles shall forward to the 
department all photographs and information provided by sexual offenders. Notwithstanding the 
restrictions set forth in s. 322.142, the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles is 
authorized to release a reproduction of a color-photograph or digital-imago license to the 
Department of Law Enforcement for purposes of public notification of sexual offenders as 
provided in this section and ss. 943.043 and 944,6.06. 
(b) A sexual offender who vacates a permanent residence and fails to establish or maintain 
another permanent or temporary residence shall, within 48 hours after vacating the permanent 
residence, report in person to the sheriffs office of the county in which he or she is located. 
The sexual offender shall specify the date upon which he or she intends to or did vacate such 
residence. The sexual offenrler must provide or update all of the registration information 
required under paragraph (2)(b). the sexual offender must provide an address for the rcrsider CC 
or other location that he or she is or will be occupying during the time in which he or she faits 
to establish or maintain a permanent or temporary residence. 
(c) A sexual offender who remains at a permanent residence after repotting his or her intent 
to vacnte such residence shalt, within 48 hours after the date upon which the offender 
indicated he or she would or did vacate such residence, report in person to the agency to which 
ho or she reported pursuant to paragraph (b) for the purpose of reporting his or her address et 
such residence. When the sheriff receives the report, the sheriff shall promptly convey the 
information to the department. An offender who makes a report as required under paragraph 
(b) but fails to make a report as required under this paragraph commits a felony of the secre id 
degree, punishable as provided ins. 775.087, s. 775.04 or s. /75.084. 
Id) A sexual offender must register any electronic mail address or instant message name with 
the department prior to using such electronic mail address or instant message name on or after 
October 1, 2007. The department shall establish (it' online system through which sexual 
offenders may securely access and update all electronic mail address and instant message 
name information. 
(5) This section does not apply to a sexual offender who is also a sexual predator, as defined in 
s. 775.21; A sexual predator must register as required under s. 775.21. 
(6) County and local law enforcement agencies, in conjunction with the department. shall 
\glorify the addresses of sexual offenders who are not under the care, custody, control, or 
supervision of the Department of Corrections in a mariner that is consistent with the provisions 
of the federal Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 and any other federal 
standards applicable to such verification or requiied to be met as a condition for the receipt of 
federal funds by the state. I ocal law enforcernere agencies shall report to the department eny 
failure by a sexual offender to comply with registreeion requirements. 
03(25(2015 
Page 25 of 114 
Public Records Request No.. 16-268 
EFTA00010501
--- PAGE 7 ---
(7) A sexual offender who intends to establish residence in another state or jurisdiction other 
than the State of Florida shell report in person to the sheriff of the county of current residence 
within 48 hours before the date he or she intends to leave this state to establish residence in 
another state or jurisdiction. The notification must include the address, municipality, county, 
and state of intended residence. The sheriff shall promptly provide to the department the 
information received from the sexual offender. The department shall notify the statewide law 
enforcement agency, or a comparable agency, in the intended state or jurisdiction of residence 
of the sexual offender's intended residence. The failure of a sexual offender to provide his or 
her intended place of residence is punishable as provided in subsection (9). 
(8) A sexual offender who indicates his or her intent to reside in another state or jurisdiction 
other than the State of Florida and later decides to remain in this state shall, within 48 hours 
after the date upon which the sexual offender indicated he or she would leave this state, 
report in parson to the sheriff to which the sexual offender reported the intended change of 
residence, and report his cr her intent to remain iii this state. The sheriff shall promptly report 
this information to the department. A sexual offender who reports his or her intent to reside in 
another state or jurisdiction but who remains in this state without reporting to the sheriff in 
the manner required by this subsection commits a felony of the second degree, punishable as 
provided in s. 7?5,gaz, s. 775,08.4, or s. 775,084., 
(9)(a) A sexual offender who does not comply with the requirements of this section commits a 
felony of the third degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.084, s. 775.083 or s. 775,.0841
(b) A sexual offender who commits any act or omission in violation of this section may be 
prosecuted for the act or omission in the county in which the act or omission was committed, 
the county of the last registered address of the sexual offender, or the county in which the 
conviction occurred for the offense or offenses that moot the criteria for designating a person 
as a sexual offender. 
(C) An arrest on charges of failure to register when the offender has been provided and advised 
of his or her statutory obligations to register under subsection (2), the service of an 
information or a complaint for a violation of this section, or an arraignment on charges for e
violation of this section constitutes actual notice of the duty to register. A sexual offender's 
failure to immediately register as required by this section following such arrest, service, or 
arraignment constitutes grounds for a subsequent charge of failure to register. A sexual 
offender charged with the crime of failure to register who assorts, or intends to assort, a lei k 
of notice of the duty to register as a defense to a charge of failure to register shall 
immediately register as required by this section. A sexual offender who is charged with a 
subsequent failure to register may not assert the defense of a lack of notice of the duty to 
register. 
Registration following such arrest, service, or arraignment is not a defense and does not 
relieve the sexual offender of criminal liability for the failure to register. 
(10) The department, the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles, the Department 
of Corrections, the Department of Juvenile Justice, any taw enforcement agency in this state, 
and the personnel of those departments; an elected or appointed official, public employee, or 
school administrator; or art employee, agency, or any individual or entity acting at the request 
or upon the direction of ary law enforcement agency is immune from civil liability for damages 
for Rood faith compliance with the requirements of this section or for the release of 
information under this section, and shell be presumed to have acted in good faith in compiling, 
recording, reporting, or releasing the information. The presumption of good faith is not 
evorcome if a technical or clerical error is made by the department, the Department of 
.tiCheiay Safety anel Motor Vehicles, the Department of Corrections, the Department of Juvenile 
03/25/2015 
Page 26 of 114 
Public Records Request No.. 16-268 
EFTA00010502
--- PAGE 8 ---
Justice, the personnel of those departments, or any individual or entity acting at the request 
or upon the direction of any of those departments in compiling or providing information, or if 
information is incomplete or incorrect because a sexual offender fails to report or falsely 
reports his or her current place of permanent or temporary residence. 
(11) Except as provided in s. 943.04354, a sexual offender must maintain registration with the 
department for the duration of his or her life, unless the sexual offender has received a full 
pardon or has had a conviction set aside in a postconviction proceeding for any offense that 
meets the criteria for classifying the person as a sexual offender for purposes of registration. 
However, a sexual offender: 
(a)1. Who has been lawfully released from confinement, supervision, or sanction, whichever is 
later, for at least 25 years and has not boon arrested for any felony or misdemeanor offense 
since release, provided that the sexual offender's requirement to register was not based upon 
an adult conviction: 
a. For a violation of s. 787.01 or s. 78742; 
b. For a violation of s. 794.011, excluding s. 794.011(10); • 
c. For a violation of s. 800.04(4)(b) where the court finds the offense involved a victim under 
years of age or sexual activity by the use of force or coercion; 
d. For a violation of s. 800.04(5)(b); 
o. For a violation of s. 800.04(5)c.2. where the court finds the offense involved unclothed 
genitals or genital area; 
f. For any attempt or conspiracy to commit any sue h offense; or 
g. For a violation of similar law of another jurisdiction, 
may petition the criminal division of the circuit court of the circuit in which the sexual 
offender resides for the purpose of removing the requirement for registration as a sexual 
offender. 
2. The court may grant or deny relief if the offender demonstrates to the court that he or she 
has not been arrested for any crime since release; the requested relief complies with the 
provisions of the federal Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 and any other 
federal standards applicable to the removal of registration requirements for a sexual offender 
or required to be met as a condition for the receipt of federal funds by the state; and the court 
is otherwise satisfied that the offender is not a current or potential threat to public safety. the 
state attorney in the circuit in which the petition is filed must be given notice of the petition 
at least 3 weeks before the bearing on the matter. The state attorney may present evidence in 
opposition to the requested relief or may otherwise demonstrate the reasons why the petition 
should be denied. If the court denies the petition, the court may set a future date at which the 
sexual offender may again petition the court for relief, subject to the standards for relief 
provided in this subsection. 
3. The department shall remove an offender from classification as a sexual offender for 
purposes of registration if the offender provides to the department a certified copy of the 
courts written findings or order that indicates that the offender is no longer required to 
comply with the requirements for registration as a sexual offender. 
03125/2015 
Page 27 of 114 
Public Records Request No.: 16-268 
EFTA00010503
--- PAGE 9 ---
(b) As defined in sub-subparagraph (1)la)1.b. must maintain registration with the department 
for the duration of his or her life until the person provides the department with an order issued 
by the court that designated the person at. a sexual predator, as a sexually violent predator, or 
by another sexual offender designation in the state or jurisdiction in which the order was 
issued which states that such designation has been removed or demonstrates to the 
department that such designation, if not imposed by a court, has been removed by operation of 
law or court order in the state or jurisdiction in which the designation was made, and provided 
such parson no longer meets the criteria for registration as a sexual offender under the laws of 
this state. 
(12) The Legislature finds that sexual offenders, especially those who have committed offenses 
against minors, often pose a high risk of engaging in sexual offenses oven after being released 
from incarceration or commitment and that protection of the public from sexual offenders is a 
paramount government interest. Sexual offenders have a reduced expectation of privacy 
because of the public's interest in public safety and in the effective operation of government. 
Releasing information concerning sexual offenders to law enforcement agencies and to persons 
who request such information, and the release of such information to the public by a law 
enforcement agency or public agency, will further the governmental interests of public safety. 
The designation of a person as a sexual offender is not a sentence or a punishment but is simply 
the status of the offender which is the result of a conviction for having committed certain 
crimes. 
(13) Any person who has reason to believe that a sexual offender is not complying, or hat, n..1 
complied, with the requirements of this section and who, with the intent to assist tho sextpil 
offender in eluding a law enforcement agency that is seeking to find the sexual offender to 
question the sexual offender about, or to arrest the sexual offender for, his or her 
noncompliance with the requirements of this section: 
(a) Withholds information from, or does not notify, the law enforcement agency about the 
sexual offender's noncompliance with the requirements of this section, and, if known, the 
whereabouts of the sexual offender; 
(b) Harbors, or attempts to harbor, or assists another person in harboring or attempting to 
harbor, the sexual offender; or 
(c) Conceals or attempts to conceal, or assists another person in concealing or attempting to 
conceal, the sexual offender: or 
Id) Provides information to the law enforcement agency regarding the sexual offender that the 
person knows to be false information, 
commits a felony of the third degree, punishable as provided ins. 775.082 s. 715.083, or s. 
775.084. 
(14)(a) A sexual offender must report in person each year during the month of the sexual 
offender's birthday and during the sixth month following the sexual offender's birth month to 
the sheriffs office in the county in which he or she resides or is otherwise located to reregister. 
(b) However, a sexual offender who is required t) register as a result of a conviction for: 
1. Section 787.01 or s. 787.02 where the victim it a minor and the offender is not the vict f; 
parent or guardian; 
03/25/2015 
Page 28 of 114 
Public Records Request No.: 16-268 
EFTA00010504
--- PAGE 10 ---
2. Section 794.011 excluding s. 794.011(101;
3. Section 800.04(4)(b) where the court finds the offense involved a victim under 12 years of 
ago or sexual activity by the use of force or coercion; 
4. Section 800.04(5)(b); 
5. Section 800.04(5)(c)1. where the court finds molestation involving unclothed genitals or 
genital area; 
6. Section 800.04(5)c.2. where the court finds molestation involving unclothed genitals or 
genital area; 
7. Section 800.04(5)(d) whore the court finds the use of force or coercion and unclothed 
genitals or genital area; 
8. Any attempt or conspiracy to commit such offense; or 
9. A violation of a similar law of another jurisdiction, 
must reregister each year during the month of the sexual offender's birthday and every third 
month thereafter. 
(c) The sheriffs office may determine the appropriate times and days for reporting by the 
sexual offender, which shall bo consistent with the reporting requirements of this subsectioi,. 
Rorcrgistration shall include any changes to the following information: 
1. Name; social security number; age; race; sox; date of birth; height; weight; hair and eye 
color; address of any permanent residence and address of any current temporary residence, 
within the state or out of state, including a rural route address and a post office box; any 
electronic mail address and any instant message name required to be provided pursuant to 
paragraph (4)(d); date and place of any employment; vehicle make, model, color, and license 
tag number; fingerprints; and photograph. A post office box shall not be provided in liou of 
physical residential address. 
2. If the sexual offender is enrolled, employed, or carrying on a vocation at an institution of 
higher education in this state, the sexual offender shall also provide to the department the 
name, address, and county of each institution, intbiding each campus attended, and the sexual 
offender's enrollment or employment status. 
3. If the sexual offender's place of residence is a motor vehicle, traitor, mobile home, or 
manufactured home, as defined in chapter 320, the sexual offender shall also provide the 
vehicle identification number; the license tag number; the registration number; and a 
description, including color scheme, of the motor vehicle, trailer, mobile home, or 
manufactured home. If the sexual offender's place of residence is a vessel, live-aboard ves.,ei, 
or houseboat, as defined in chapter 327, the sexual offender shall also provide the hull 
identification number; the manufacturer's social number; the name of the vessel, live-aboard 
vessel, or houseboat; the registration number; and a description, including color scheme, of 
the vessel, live-aboard vessel or houseboat. 
1. Any sexual offender who fails to report in person as required at the sheriffs office, or wiii 
fails to respond to any address verification correspondence from the department within 3 
weeks of the date of the correspondence or who fails to report electronic mail addresses oi 
03125(2015 
Pago 29 of 114 
Public Records Request No.: 16-268 
EFTA00010505
--- PAGE 11 ---
instant message names, commits a felony of the third degree, punishable as provided in s. 
775.082 s. 775.083 ors. 775.084. 
(d) The sheriff's office shall, within 2 working days, electronically submit and update all 
information provided by the sexual offender to the department in a manner proscribed by the 
department. 
03/2512015 
Page 30 of 114 
Public Records Request No.: 16-268 
EFTA00010506


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010507.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010507.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 1 of 33 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA 
JANE DOE 1 AND JANE DOE 2, 
Petitioners, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES, 
Respondent. 
OPINION AND ORDER 
This cause is before the Court upon Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2's Motion for Partial 
Summary Judgment (DE 361); the United States's Cross-Motion for Summary Judgment (DE 
408); Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2's Motion to Compel Answers (DE 348) and Jane Doe 1 and 
Jane Doe 2's Motion for Finding Waiver of Work Product and Similar Protections by 
Government and for Production of Documents (DE 414). The Motions are fully briefed and ripe 
for review. The Court has carefully considered the Motions and is otherwise fully advised in the 
premises. 
I. Background 
The facts, as culled from affidavits, exhibits, depositions, answers to interrogatories and 
reasonably inferred, for the purpose of these motions, are as follows: 
From between about 1999 and 2007, Jeffrey Epstein sexually abused more than 30 minor 
girls, including Petitioners Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 (hereinafter, "Petitioners"), at his mansion 
in Palm Beach, Florida, and elsewhere in the United States and overseas. (Government Resp. to 
Petitioner's Statement of Undisputed Material Facts (hereinafter, "DE 407" at 1 1.) Because 
EFTA00010507
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 2 of 33 
Epstein and his co-conspirators knowingly traveled in interstate and international commerce to 
sexually abuse Jane Doe 1, Jane Doe 2 and others, they committed violations of not only Florida 
law, but also federal law. (DE 407 at ¶ 2.) In addition to his own sexual abuse of the victims, 
Epstein directed other persons to abuse the girls sexually. (DE 407 at ¶ 3.) Epstein used paid 
employees to find and bring minor girls to him. Epstein worked in concert with others to obtain 
minors not only for his own sexual gratification, but also for the sexual gratification of others. 
(DE 407 at ¶ 8.) 
In 2005, the Town of Palm Beach Police Department ("PBPD") received a complaint 
from the parents of a 14 year old girl about her sexual abuse by Jeffery Epstein. The PBPD 
ultimately identified approximately 20 girls between the ages of 14 and 17 who were sexually 
abused by Epstein. (DE 407 at ¶ 4.) In 2006, at the request of the PBPD, the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation ("FBI") opened an investigation into allegations that Epstein and his personal 
assistants used the facilities of interstate commerce to induce girls between the ages of 14 and 17 
to engage in illegal sexual activities. (DE 407 at ¶ 5.) The FBI ultimately determined that both 
Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 were victims of sexual abuse by Epstein while they were minors. Jane 
Doe 1 provided information about her abuse and Jane Doe 2's abuse to the FBI on August 7, 
2007. (DE 407 at ¶ 6.) 
From January of 2007 through September of 2007, discussions took place between the 
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida ("the Office") and Jeffrey Epstein's 
attorneys. (DE 407 at ¶ 9.) On February I, 2007, Epstein's defense team sent a 24-page letter to 
the Office going over what they intended to present during a meeting at the Office the same day. 
(DE 407 at ¶ 10.) 
EFTA00010508
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 3 of 33 
By March 15, 2007, the Office was sending letters to victims informing them of their 
rights pursuant to the Crime Victims' Rights Act ("CVRA"). (DE 407 at ¶ 11.) By May of 2007, 
the Office had drafted an 82-page prosecution memorandum and a 53-page indictment outlining 
numerous federal sexual offenses committed by Epstein. (DE 407 at ¶ 12.) On or about June 7, 
2007, FBI agents had delivered to Jane Doe 1 a standard CVRA victim notification letter.' The 
notification letter promised that the Justice Department would make its "best efforts" to protect 
Jane Doe l's rights, including "the reasonable right to confer with the attorney for the United 
States in the case" and " to be reasonably heard at any public proceeding in the district court 
involving [a] ... plea." The notification further stated that, "[a]t this time, your case is under 
investigation." (DE 407 at ¶ 13.) Jane Doe 1 relied on those representations and believed that the 
Government would protect those rights and keep her informed about the progress of her case. 
(DE 407 at ¶ 14.) 
On July 6, 2007, Epstein's lawyers sent a 23-page letter lodging numerous arguments to 
persuade the Office that no federal crimes had been committed by him. (DE 407 at ¶ 15.) By 
August 3, 2007, the Government had rejected Epstein's various arguments against federal 
On or about August 11, 2006, Jane Doe 2 received the same CVRA letter. (DE 407 at 
7.) 
Initially, Jane Doe 2 was unwilling to provide any information to the FBI or the Office 
unless she was assured her statements would not be used against her. She also described Epstein 
as "an awesome man" and stated that she hoped "nothing happens to" him. (DE 415 at ¶¶ 14-
15.) This was during the time period where Jane Doe 2 had obtained counsel paid for by Epstein. 
(Jane Doe 2 Decl. ¶¶ 5-7.) 
Assistant United States Attorney ("AUSA" 
"line prosecutor" 
"a) 
testified that both Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 received letters describing their rights 
under the CVRA. Although Jane Doe 1 and 2 were give
lland the FBI agent's 
name and phone number, neither contacted either of them. 
Decl. ¶ 5, DE 403-19.) 
EFTA00010509
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 4 of 33 
charges and sent a letter to Epstein's counsel stating, "[w]e would reiterate that the agreement to 
Section 2255 [a civil restitution provision] liability applies to all of the minor girls identified 
during the federal investigation, not just the 12 that form the basis of an initial planned charging 
instrument." (DE 407 at ¶ 17.) On September 10, 2007, multiple drafts of a non-prosecution 
agreement ("NPA") had been exchanged between Epstein's counsel and the Office. (DE 407 at ¶ 
18.) 
On September 12, 2007, while attempting to create alternative charges against Epstein, 
the Office expressed concern about "the effect of taking the position that Mr. Epstein's house is 
in the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States" because the Government 
had "no evidence of any assaults occurring either on Mr. Epstein's plane or offshore from his 
residence." (DE 407 atilt 19.) On September 13, 2007, the line prosecutor emailed Epstein's 
counsel indicating an effort to come up with a solution to the aforementioned concern and she 
stated that she had been "spending some quality time with Title 18 looking for misdemeanors." 
The line prosecutor further indicated, "I know that someone mentioned there being activity on an 
airplane. I just want to make sure that there is a factual basis for the plea that the agents can 
confirm." Epstein's counsel responded, "[a]lready thinking about the same statutes." (DE 407 at 
¶ 20.) 
On September 14, 2007, after having spoken on the telephone about the subject matter 
of the September 13 emails, Epstein's counsel and the line prosecutor exchanged emails 
including a proposed plea agreement for Epstein to plead guilty to assaulting one of his 
coconspirators. (DE 407 atilt 21.) On September 15, 2007, the line prosecutor sent an email to 
the Epstein defense team raising concerns about a resolution that would not involve one of 
EFTA00010510
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 5 of 33 
Epstein's minor victims and stating: 
I have gotten some negative reaction to the assault charge with [a 
co-conspirator] as the victim, since she is considered one of the main 
perpetrators of the offenses that we planned to charge in the 
indictment. Can you talk to Mr. Epstein about a young woman named 
[Jane Doe]? We have hearsay evidence that she traveled on Mr. 
Epstein's airplane when she was under 18, in around the 2000 or 
2001 time frame. 
(DE 407 at 122.) 
On September 16, 2007, the line prosecutor corresponded with Epstein's counsel 
about having Epstein plead guilty to obstruction of justice for pressuring one of his co-conspirators 
not to turn over evidence or complying with a previously-served grand jury subpoena. (DE 407 at 
¶ 23.) The Office also stated, "On an 'avoid the press' note, I believe that Mr. Epstein's airplane was 
in Miami on the day of the [co-conspirator] telephone call. If he was in Miami-Dade County at the 
time, then I can file the charge in the District Court in Miami, which will hopefully cut the press 
coverage significantly." They also discussed having Epstein plead guilty to a second charge of 
assaulting a different co-conspirator. (DE 407 at 1 24.) 
On September 16, 2007, the line prosecutor wrote to Epstein's counsel indicating that 
the Office did not like the factual basis for the proposed charges as the Office was "not 
investigating Mr. Epstein [for] abusing his girlfriend." (DE 407 at 1 25.) The correspondence 
further stated: 
Andy [i.e., AUSA 
I recommended that some of the timing issues be 
addressed only in the state agreement, so that it isn't obvious to the judge that we are 
trying to create federal jurisdiction for prison purposes. 
I will include our standard language regarding resolving all criminal liability and I 
will mention `co-conspirators,' but I would prefer not to highlight for the judge all 
of the other crimes and all of the other persons that we could charge. Also, we do not 
EFTA00010511
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 6 of 33 
have the power to bind Immigration . . . there is no plan to try to proceed on any 
immigration charges against either Ms. [co-conspirator] or Ms. [coconspirator] 
(Ex. 7, DE 361-7.) 
In the same email, the line prosecutor wrote to defense counsel about a meeting 
outside the U.S. Attorney's Office: "Maybe we can set a time to meet. If you want to meet 'off 
campus' somewhere, that is fine." (DE 407 at ¶ 27.) On about September 16, 2007, Epstein's 
counsel provided a proposed NPA to the Government that extended immunity from federal 
prosecution not only to Epstein, but also to certain co-conspirators. (DE 407 at ¶ 28.) 
On September 17, 2007, the line prosecutor wrote to defense counsel Jay Lefkowitz: 
"Please send [a document] to my home e-mail address — [redacted] and give me a call on my cell 
[redacted] so I can be ready for some discussions tomorrow." (DE 407 at ¶ 29.) On September 17, 
2007, Lefkowitz responded: "[D]o you have another obstruction proffer I can review that you have 
drafted? Also, if we go that route, would you intend to make the deferred prosecution agreement 
public?" (DE 407 at ¶ 30.) 
On September 18, 2007, the Office responded: "A non-prosecution agreement would 
not be made public or filed with the Court, but it would remain part of our case file. It probably 
would be subject to a FOIA request, but it is not something that we would distribute without 
compulsory process." (DE 407 at ¶ 31.) On September 20, 2007, the U.S. Attorney's Office wrote: 
"On the issue about 18 USC 2255, we seem to be miles apart. Your most recent version not only had 
me binding the girls to a trust fund administered by the state court, but also promising that they will 
give up their 2255 rights.... In the context of a non-prosecution agreement, the office may be more 
willing to be specific about not pursuing charges against others." (DE 407 at ¶ 32.) 
EFTA00010512
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 7 of 33 
On September 21, 2007, Palm Beach County State Attorney 
Krischer wrote the line 
prosecutor about the proposed agreement and added: "Glad we could get this worked out for reasons 
I won't put in writing. After this is resolved I would love to buy you a cup at Starbucks and have a 
conversation." (DE 407 at ¶ 33.) On September 21, 2007, the line prosecutor emailed Epstein's 
counsel stating, "I think that the attached addresses the concerns about having an unlimited number 
of claimed victims, without me trying to bind girls whom I do not represent." (DE 407 at ¶ 34.) On 
September 23, 2007, the U.S. Attorney's Office sent an email to Lefkowitz stating: "It is factually 
accurate that the list we are going to give you are persons we have identified as victims. If we did 
not think they were victims, they would have no right to bring suit." (DE 407 at ¶ 35.) 
On September 24, 2007, the line prosecutor sent an e-mail to a prospective representative for 
the Epstein victims, entitled "Conflict Check." The email confirmed the girls' status as victims, 
stating: "Please keep this confidential because these are minor victims. This is a preliminary list." 
Later on September 24, 2007, the line prosecutor sent an email to Lefkowitz stating: "I have 
compiled a list of 34 confirmed minors." (DE 407 at ¶ 36.) As correspondence continued on 
September 24, 2007, and the NPA was being executed, Lefkowitz sent an email to the line 
prosecutor stating: `=— Please do whatever you can to keep this [i.e., the NPA] from becoming 
public." (DE 407 at ¶ 37.) 
On September 24, 2007, Epstein and the Office formally reached an agreement whereby the 
United States would defer federal prosecution in favor of prosecution by the State of Florida. 
Epstein and the Office accordingly entered into a NPA reflecting such an agreement. (DE 407 at ¶ 
38.) The NPA provided that "the United States, in consultation with and subject to the good faith 
approval of Epstein's counsel, shall select an attorney representative for [the victims], who shall be 
EFTA00010513
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 8 of 33 
paid for by Epstein." The NPA also provided that if any of the victims elected to bring suit under 
U.S.C. § 2255, they must agree to waive any other claim for damages. As part of the NPA, 
Epstein would not contest the jurisdiction of the United States District Court and waived his right 
to contest liability and damages. (NPA, DE 361-62.) 
Among other provisions, the NPA expanded immunity to any "potential coconspirator" 
of Epstein's: "In consideration of Epstein's agreement to plead guilty and to provide compensation 
in the manner described above, if Epstein successfully fulfills all of the terms and conditions of this 
agreement, the United States also agrees that it will not institute any criminal charges against any 
potential co-conspirators of Epstein, including but not limited to 
." (DE 407 at ¶ 40.) The NPA also provided that: "The parties 
anticipate that this agreement will not be made part of any public record. If the United States receives 
a Freedom of Information Act request or any compulsory process commanding the disclosure of the 
agreement, it will provide notice to Epstein before making that disclosure." (DE 407 at ¶ 41.) 
From the time the FBI began investigating Epstein until September 24, 2007—when 
the NPA was concluded—the Office never conferred with the victims about a NPA or told the 
victims that such an agreement was under consideration. (= 
Decl. ¶ 7, DE 361-64; DE 
407 at ¶ 43.) Many, if not all, other similarly-situated victims received standard CVRA victim 
notification letters substantively identical to those sent to Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2. (DE 407 at 
¶ 44.) The Office did not consult or confer with any of the victims about the NPA before it was 
signed. (DE 407 at ¶¶ 45-46.) 
Epstein's counsel was aware that the Office was deliberately keeping the NPA secret from 
the victims and, indeed, had sought assurances to that effect. (DE 407 at ¶ 48.) After the NPA was 
EFTA00010514
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 9 of 33 
signed, Epstein's counsel and the Office began negotiations about whether the victims would be told 
about the NPA. (DE 407 at ¶ 49.) It was a deviation from the Government's standard practice to 
negotiate with defense counsel about the extent of crime victim notifications. (DE 407 at ¶ 50.) 
On September 24, 2007, the Office sent an email to Lefkowitz: 
Thank you, Jay. I have forwarded your message only to [United States Attorney] 
Alex [Acosta], 
. I don't anticipate it going any further than that. 
When I receive the originals, I will sign and return one copy to you. The other will 
be placed in the case file, which will be kept confidential since it also contains 
identifying information about the girls. 
When we reach an agreement about the attorney representative for the girls, we can 
discuss what I can tell him and the girls about the agreement. I know that 
promised Chief 
an update when a resolution was achieved.... Rolando is 
calling, but Rolando knows not to tell Chiefs 
about the money issue, just about 
what crimes Mr. Epstein is pleading guilty to and the amount of time that has been 
agreed to. Rolando also is telling Chief 
not to disclose the outcome to anyone. 
(DE 407 at' 52.) 
On September 25, 2007, the line prosecutor sent an e-mail to Lefkowitz stating: "And 
can we have a conference call to discuss what I may disclose to . . . the girls regarding the 
agreement." (DE 407 at ¶ 53.) Also on September 25, 2007, the line prosecutor sent an email to 
Lefkowitz which stated in part: "They [Ted Babbitt, Stuart Grossman, Chris Searcy, [L]ake 
Lytal] are all very good personal injury lawyers, but I have concerns about whether there would 
be an inherent tension because they may feel that THEY might make more money (and get a lot 
more press coverage) if they proceed outside the Terms of the plea agreement. (Sony — I just 
have a bias against plaintiffs' attorneys.) One nice thing about Bert is that he is in Miami where 
there has been almost no coverage of this case." (DE 407 at ¶ 54.) 
On September 26, 2007, the line prosecutor sent an e-mail to Lefkowitz in which she 
EFTA00010515
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 10 of 33 
stated: "Hi Jay — Can you give me a call at 561-[xxx-xxxx] this morning? I am meeting with the 
agents and want to give them their marching orders regarding what they can tell the girls." (DE 
407 at ¶ 55.) On September 27, 2007, the attorney representative for the victims emailed the 
Office and asked whether he could get a copy of the indictment or plea agreement to find out 
"exactly what Epstein concedes to in the civil case." (Sept. 27, 2007 email, DE 362-2.) Upon 
inquiry from the Office, Lefkowitz responded by stating that the attorney representative 
"certainly [] should not get a copy of any indictment." (DE 407 at ¶ 57.) That same day, the line 
prosecutor informed Epstein's counsel of concerns raised by the attorney representative for the 
girls. Specifically, "[t]he concern is, if all 40 girls decide they want to sue, they don't want to be 
in a situation where Mr. Epstein says this is getting too expensive, we won't pay anymore 
attorneys' fees." (DE 407 at ¶ 58.) 
Also on that same day, the line prosecutor sent an email to state prosecutors Lanna 
Belohlavek and 
Krischer: "Can you let me know when Mr. Epstein is going to enter his 
guilty plea and what judge that will be in front of? I know the agents and I would really like to 
be there, 'incognito.'" (DE 407 at ¶ 59.) 
On October 3, 2007, the Office sent a proposed letter that would have gone to a special 
master for selecting an attorney representative for the victims under the NPA's compensation 
procedure. The letter described the facts of the Epstein case as follows: "Mr. Epstein, through his 
assistants, would recruit underage females to travel to his home in Palm Beach to engage in lewd 
conduct in exchange for money. Based upon the investigation, the United States has identified 40 
young women who can be characterized as victims pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255. Some of those 
women went to Mr. Epstein's home only once, some went there as many as 100 times or more. Some 
EFTA00010516
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 11 of 33 
of the women's conduct was limited to performing a topless or nude massage while Mr. Epstein 
masturbated himself. For other women, the conduct escalated to full sexual intercourse." (DE 407 
at ¶ 60.) 
On October 10, 2007, Lefkowitz sent a letter to U.S. Attorney Alex Acosta stating, in 
pertinent part: "Neither federal agents nor anyone from your Office should contact the identified 
individuals to inform them of the resolution of the case, including appointment of the attorney 
representative and the settlement process. Not only would that violate the confidentiality of the 
agreement, but Mr. Epstein also will have no control over what is communicated to the identified 
individuals at this most critical stage. We believe it is essential that we participate in crafting 
mutually acceptable communication to the identified individuals." The letter further proposed 
that the attorney representative for the victims be instructed that "[t]he details regarding the 
United States's investigation of this matter and its resolution with Mr. Epstein is confidential. 
You may not make public statements regarding this matter." (DE 407 at ¶ 61.) 
U.S. Attorney Acosta then met with Lefkowitz for breakfast and Lefkowitz followed up with 
a letter stating, "I also want to thank you for the commitment you made to me during our October 
meeting in which you ... assured me that your Office would not ... contact any of the identified 
individuals, potential witnesses, or potential civil claimants and their respective counsel in this 
matter." (DE 407 at ¶ 63.) 
On October 24, 2007, AUSA Jeff 
sent a letter to Jay Lefkowitz, proposing an 
addendum to the NM clarifying the procedures for the third-party representative for the victims 
under the NPA's compensation provisions. (DE 407 at ¶ 64.) On October 25, 2007, AUSA 
sent a letter to Retired Judge Davis about selecting an attorney to represent the victims tinder the 
EFTA00010517
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 12 of 33 
NPA's compensation procedure. (DE 407 at ¶ 65.) 
On about October 26 or 27, 2007, Special Agent 
and Jason Richards 
met in person with Jane Doe 1. They explained that Epstein would plead guilty to state charges, he 
would be required to register as a sex offender for life, and he had made certain concessions related 
to the payment of damages. (DE 407 at ¶ 70.) According to Jane Doe 1, the Agents did not explain 
that the NPA had already been signed. (Jane Doe 1 Decl. ¶ 5, DE 361-26.) Jane Doe 1's 
understanding was that the federal investigation would continue. (Jane Doe 1 Decl. 1 6.) In contrast, 
Special Agent 
stated that the meeting with Jane Doe 1 was to advise her of the main 
terms of the NPA.2
( 
Decl. ¶ 8, DE 403-18.) After the meeting, Special Agent 
became concerned about what would happen if Epstein breached the NPA, and thought 
that if the victims were aware of the NPA, the provision about monetary damages could be grounds 
for impeachment of the victims and herself. (1.1=. 
Decl. ¶ 9.) According to Special Agent 
the investigation of Epstein continued through 2008. I 
Decl. ¶ 11.) 
In addition to Jane Doe I, FBI agents only talked to two other victims out of the 34 
identified victims about the "general terms" of the NPA, including the provision providing a 
federal civil remedy to the victims. (DE 407 at ¶ 76.) After these meetings with three victims, 
Epstein's defense team complained. (DE 407 at ¶ 77.) 
On about November 27, 2007, AUSA 
sent an e-mail to Lefkowitz, (with a 
copy to U.S. Attorney Acosta) stating that the Office had a statutory obligation to notify the victims 
about Epstein's plea to state charges that was part of the NPA: 
Special Agent 
also stated that on August 7, 2007, Jane Doe 1 never asked to 
confer with anyone from the government about charging decisions or any resolution of the 
matter. (El
l Decl. ¶ 7.) 
EFTA00010518
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 13 of 33 
The United States has a statutory obligation (Justice for All Act of 2004) to notify the 
victims of the anticipated upcoming events and their rights associated with the 
agreement entered into by the United States and Mr. Epstein in a timely fashion. 
Tomorrow will make one full week since you were formally notified of the selection. 
I must insist that the vetting process come to an end. Therefore, unless you provide 
me with a good faith objection to Judge Davis's selection [as special master for 
selecting legal counsel for victims pursuing claims against Epstein] by COB 
tomorrow, November 28, 2007, I will authorize the notification of the victims. 
Should you give me the go-head on [victim representative] . . . selection by COB 
tomorrow, I will simultaneously send you a draft of the letter. I intend to notify the 
victims by letter after COB Thursday, November 29th. 
(DE 407 at ¶ 79.) 
On November 28, 2007, the Government sent an email to Lefkowitz attaching a letter 
dated November 29, 2007 (the apparent date upon which it was intended to be mailed) and 
explained that "I am writing to inform you that the federal investigation of Jeffrey Epstein has 
been completed, and Mr. Epstein and the U.S. Attorney's Office have reached an agreement 
containing the following terms." The proposed letter then spelled out a number of the provisions 
in the NPA, including that because Epstein's plea of guilty to state charges was "part of the 
resolution of the federal investigation," the victims were "entitled to be present and to make a 
statement under oath at the state sentencing." (DE 407 at ¶ 80.) 
On November 29, 2007, Lefkowitz sent a letter to U.S. Attorney Acosta objecting to the 
proposed victim notification letter, stating that it is inappropriate for any letter to be sent to the 
victims before Epstein entered his plea or had been sentenced. Lefkowitz also told the Government 
that the victims should not be invited to the state sentencing, that they should not be encouraged to 
contact law enforcement officials, and that encouraging the attorney representative to do anything 
other than get paid by Epstein to settle the cases was to encourage an ethical conflict. (DE 407 at ¶ 
EFTA00010519
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 14 of 33 
82.) 
On about November 30, 2007, U.S. Attorney Acosta sent a letter to one of Epstein's 
defense attorneys, Kenneth Stan, stating: "I am directing our prosecutors not to issue victim 
notification letters until this Friday at 5 p.m., to provide you with time to review these options 
with your client." The letter also explained that the line prosecutor had informed U.S. Attorney 
Acosta "that the victims were not told of the availability of Section 2255 relief during the 
investigation phase of this matter" despite the fact that the "[r]ule of law . . . now requires this 
District to consider the victims' rights under this statute in negotiating this Agreement." (DE 407 at 
¶ 83.) On December 5, 2007, Stan sent a letter to U.S. Attorney Acosta (with copy to AUSA 
asking about issuance of victim notification letters and stating: "While we believe that it 
is wholly inappropriate for your Office to send this letter under any circumstances, it is certainly 
inappropriate to issue this letter without affording us the right to review it." (DE 407 at ¶ 85.) 
On about December 6, 2007, AUSA 
sent a letter to Lefkowitz stating in part: 
[E]ach of the listed individuals are persons whom the Office identified as victims. 
[T] he Office is prepared to indict Mr. Epstein based upon Mr. Epstein's `interactions' 
with these individuals. This conclusion is based upon a thorough and proper 
investigation - one in which none of the victims was informed of any right to receive 
damages of any amount prior to the investigation of her claim. 
[T]he Office can say, without hesitation, that the evidence demonstrates that each 
person on the list was a victim of Mr. Epstein's criminal behavior. 
Finally, let me address your objections to the draft Victim Notification Letter. You 
write that you don't understand the basis for the Office's belief that it is appropriate 
to notify the victims. Pursuant to the 'Justice for All Act of 2004,' crime victims are 
entitled to: 'The right to reasonable, accurate, and timely notice of any public court 
proceeding ... involving the crime' and the 'right not to be excluded from any such 
public court proceeding....' 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(2) & (3). Section 3771 also 
commands that 'employees of the Department ofJustice ... engaged in the detection, 
investigation, or prosecution of crime shall make their best efforts to see that crime 
EFTA00010520
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 15 of 33 
victims are notified of, and accorded, the rights described in subsection (a).' 18 
U.S.C. § 3771(c)(1).... 
With respect to notification of the other information that we propose to disclose, the 
statute requires that we provide a victim with the earliest possible notice of: the status 
of the investigation, the filing of charges against a suspected offender, and the 
acceptance of a plea. 42 U.S.C. 10607(c)(3). Just as in 18 U.S.C. 3771, these sections 
are not limited to proceedings in a federal district court. Our Non-Prosecution 
Agreement resolves the federal investigation by allowing Mr. Epstein to plead to a 
state offense. The victims identified through the federal investigation should be 
appropriately informed, and our Non-Prosecution Agreement does not require the 
U.S. Attorney's Office to forego its legal obligations. [T]he Office believes that it has 
proof beyond a reasonable doubt that each listed individual was a victim of Mr. 
Epstein's criminal conduct while the victim was a minor. The law requires us to treat 
all victims "with fairness and with respect for the victim's dignity and privacy." 18 
U.S.C. 3771(a)(8). 
The letter included a footnote stating: "Unlike the State's investigation, the federal investigation 
shows criminal conduct by Mr. Epstein at least as early as 2001, so all of the victims were 
minors at the time of the offense." (DE 407 at ¶ 83.) 
On December 7, 2007, defense attorney Lilly Ann Sanchez sent a letter to AUSA 
requesting "that the Office hold off on sending any victim notification letters." No letters 
were sent in December of 2007. (DE 407 at ¶ 88.) On December 13, 2007, the line prosecutor sent 
a letter to Lefkowitz stating that "You raised objections to any victim notification, and no 
further notifications were done." (DE 407 at ¶ 89.) On December 19, 2007, U.S. Attorney Acosta 
sent a letter to Lilly Ann Sanchez stating, "I understand that the defense objects to the victims being 
given notice of time and place of Mr. Epstein's state court sentencing hearing. We intend to provide 
victims with notice of the federal resolution, as required by law. We will defer to the discretion of 
the State Attorney regarding whether he wishes to provide victims with notices of the state 
proceedings. (DE 407 at ¶ 90.) 
EFTA00010521
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 16 of 33 
In January of 2008, any requirement that Epstein carry out his obligations under the NPA was 
delayed while he sought higher level review within the Justice Department. (DE 407 at ¶ 92.) On 
January 10, 2008, Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 were sent victim notification letters from the FBI 
advising them that "[t]his case is currently under investigation. This can be a lengthy process and 
we request your continued patience while we conduct a thorough investigation." (DE 407 at ¶ 93.) 
The January 10, 2008 notification letters did not disclose that the Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 case 
in the Southern District of Florida was the subject of the NPA entered into by Epstein and the Office, 
or that there had been any potentially binding resolution. (DE 407 at ¶ 94.) Other victims received 
the same letters as sent to Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2. (DE 407 at ¶ 95.) 
According to the declaration of Jane Doe 1, she believed that criminal prosecution of Epstein 
was important and she wanted to be consulted by prosecutors before any resolution. Based on the 
letters received, she believed the Government would contact her before reaching any final 
resolution. (Jane Doe 1 Decl. ¶ 9.) On January 31, 2008, Jane Doe 1 met with FBI Agents and an 
AUSA from the U.S. Attorney's Office. She provided additional details of Epstein's sexual abuse 
of her. The AUSA did not disclose to Jane Doe 1 at this meeting that they had already negotiated 
a NPA with Epstein. (DE 407 at ¶ 97.) According to the declaration of Jane Doe 2, while she 
recognizes she did not initially help the investigation, she later tried to cooperate with the 
investigation but was never given an opportunity to cooperate with the investigation.' (Jane Doe 2 
The Government believed that a negotiated resolution was in the best interest of the 
Office and the victims as a whole based on information obtained from the victims and the agents 
assigned to the case. 
Decl. ¶ 19.) The Government also believed that Epstein was 
trying to set aside the NPA and therefore the Government needed to be prepared for a 
prosecution. 
Decl. ¶ 34.) Petitioners object to this evidence, claiming the Government 
previously claimed work product and similar protections over internal materials. Given that the 
Court is ruling in favor of Petitioners on the present motions, the Court need not address this 
EFTA00010522
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 17 of 33 
Decl. ' 13-14, DE 361-27.) 
On March 19, 2008, the line prosecutor sent a lengthy email to a prospective pro bono 
attorney for one of Epstein's victims who had been subpoenaed to appear at a deposition. The email 
listed the attorneys representing Epstein, the targets of the investigation, and recounted in detail the 
investigation that had been conducted to that point. The email did not reveal the fact that Epstein had 
signed the NPA in September 2007. (DE 407 at' 98.) 
On May 30, 2008, Jane Doe 5, who was recognized as an Epstein victim by the Office, 
received a letter from the FBI advising her that "[t]his case is currently under investigation. This can 
be a lengthy process and we request your continued patience while we conduct a thorough 
investigation." (DE 407 at ¶ 99.) The May 30, 2008 victim letter to Jane Doe 5 also acknowledged 
the victims' rights under the CVRA . (DE 407 at ¶ 100.) 
In mid-June of 2008, Mr. 
Mg 
the attorney for Petitioners, contacted the line 
prosecutor to inform her that he represented Jane Doe 1 and, later, Jane Doe 2. 
asked to 
meet to provide information about the federal crimes committed by Epstein against these victims. 
The line prosecutor and 
discussed the possibility of federal charges being filed in the future. 
was led to believe federal charges could still be filed, with no mention whatsoever of the 
existence of the NPA or any other possible resolution to the case. (DE 407 at ¶ 101.) 
At the end of the call, the line prosecutor asked 
to send any information 
that he wanted considered by the Office in determining whether to file federal charges. The line 
prosecutor did not inform 
about the NPA. (DE 407 atilt 102.) On June 19, 2008, 
issue. To the extent it might have an impact on future rulings, Petitioners may reassert this 
argument if and when appropriate. 
EFTA00010523
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 18 of 33 
sent an email to the line prosecutor requesting to meet and discuss plans. (DE 407 at ¶ 103.) 
On June 23, 2008, the line prosecutor sent an email to Lefkowitz stating that the 
Deputy Attorney General had completed his review of the Epstein matter and "determined that 
federal prosecution of Mr. Epstein's case [wa]s appropriate. Accordingly, Mr. Epstein ha[d] until 
the close of business on Monday, June 30, 2008, to comply with the terms and conditions of the 
agreement between the United States and Mr. Epstein." (DE 407 at ¶ 105.) 
On or about June 27, 2008, the Office called 
to provide notice to his clients 
regarding the entry of Epstein's guilty plea in state court. (DE 407 at1 107.) According to 
the line prosecutor only told him that Epstein was pleading guilty to state solicitation of prosecution. 
He was not told that the state plea was related to the federal investigation or that the state plea would 
resolve the federal crimes. 
claims he was not told his clients could address the state court. 
Decl. ¶¶17-18, DE 416-1.) In contrast, the line prosecutor claims she told 
that 
his clients could address the state court. 
Decl. ¶ 38, DE 403-19.) 
On or before June 30, 2008, the Office prepared a draft victim notification to be sent 
to the victims. The notification was designed to inform the victims of the provisions of the deferral 
of federal prosecution in favor of state charges. The notification letter began by describing Epstein's 
guilty plea in the past tense: "On June 30, 2008, Jeffrey Epstein ... entered a plea of guilty to 
violations of Florida statutes forbidding the solicitation of minors to engage in prostitution and 
felony solicitation of prostitution." Later, a substantively identical letter was prepared for Epstein's 
and his counsel's review. (DE 407 at ¶ 110.) 
On June 30, 2008, the Office sent an e-mail to Epstein's counsel: "The FBI has received 
several calls regarding the Non-Prosecution Agreement. I do not know whether the title of the 
EFTA00010524
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 19 of 33 
document was disclosed when the Agreement was filed under seal, but the FBI and our office are 
declining comment if asked." (DE 407 at ¶ III.) That same day, Epstein pled guilty to state law 
solicitation of prostitution charges. (DE 407 at ¶ 112.) Immediately following the June 30, 2008 
hearing, the line prosecutor told one of the victims' attorneys that Epstein had "pled guilty today in 
state court." (DE 407 at ¶ 113.) Also after the plea, the line prosecutor emailed the assistant state 
attorney a copy of the NPA to be filed under seal. (July 1, 2008 email, DE 362-38.) 
On June 30, 2008, based on what she had been told by the Government, Jane Doe 1 
thought that the Office was still investigating and pursuing her case. She did not receive notice 
that Epstein's state guilty plea affected her rights in any way. If she had been told that the state 
plea had some connection to blocking the prosecution of her case, she would have attended and 
tried to object to the judge to prevent that plea from going forward. (Jane Doe 1 Decl. ¶ 13.) 
According to the line prosecutor, 
did not tell her that Jane Doe I wanted to meet with her 
before a resolution was reached. 
Decl. ¶ 37, DE 403-19.) 
On July 3, 2008, as specifically directed by the Office, 
sent a letter to the Office 
communicating the wishes of Jane Doe 1, Jane Doe 2, and Jane Doe 5 that federal charges be filed 
against Epstein: "We urge the Attorney General and our United States Attorney to consider the 
fundamental import of the vigorous enforcement of our Federal laws. We urge you to move forward 
with the traditional indictments and criminal prosecution commensurate with the crimes Mr. Epstein 
has committed, and we further urge you to take the steps necessary to protect our children from this 
very dangerous sexual predator." (DE 407 at ¶ 118.) 
On July 7, 2008, the line prosecutor corresponded with Epstein's counsel seeking his signed 
agreement concerning a notification letter to the victims before beginning the distribution of that 
EFTA00010525
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 20 of 33 
letter. (DE 407 at ¶ 120.) That same day, Jane Doe 1 filed an emergency petition for enforcement 
of her rights under the CVRA. (DE 407 at ¶ 126.) On July 9, 2008, 
saw the first reference 
to the NPA when the Government filed its responsive pleading to Jane Doe's emergency petition. 
(MMI Dec1.1 21.) 
On July 8, 2008, the line prosecutor sent a letter to Epstein's counsel stating that 
victims would be informed about the civil compensation provision of the NPA the next day: 
In accordance with the terms of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, on June 30, 
2008, the United States Attorney's Office provided you with a list of thirty-one 
individuals "whom it was prepared to name in an Indictment as victims of an 
enumerated offense by Mr. Epstein." ... In deference to your vacation, we 
allowed you a week to provide us with any objections or requested modifications 
of the list and/or the Notification language. Yesterday, I contacted you via 
telephone and e-mail, but received no response. Accordingly, the United States 
hereby notifies you that it will distribute the victim notifications tomorrow, July 9, 
2008, to each of the thirty-two identified victims, either directly or via their 
counsel. 
(DE 407 at ¶ 127.) 
On July 9, 2008, Epstein's counsel sent a letter to the line prosecutor raising concerns 
about the notifications, and suggesting modifications to the notification letter. Epstein's counsel 
also objected to the victim notification letters containing certain information about the NPA. (DE 
407 at ¶ 128.) The line prosecutor responded: "Without such an express Acknowledgment by 
Mr. Epstein that the notice contains the substance of that Agreement, I believe that the victims 
will have justification to petition for the entire agreement, which is contrary to the confidentiality 
clause that the parties have signed." (DE 407 at ¶ 129.) That same day, the U.S. Attorney's 
Office sent victim notification letters to Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 5, via their attorney, 
and to other identified victims of Epstein. That notification contained a written explanation of 
EFTA00010526
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 21 of 33 
some of the civil compensation provisions of the NPA. The notification did not provide the full 
terms of the NPA. 
On July 10, 2008, Epstein's counsel continued to protest victim notification as 
evidenced by an email to the line prosecutor stating, "we respectfully request a reasonable 
opportunity to review and comment on a draft of the modified notification letter you intend to 
mail before you send it." (DE 407 at ¶ 131.) 
On August 10, 2008, Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 filed a motion seeking release of the 
NPA. (DE 407 at ¶ 136.) On August 14, 2008, the line prosecutor emailed Epstein's counsel 
stating that the court has "ordered us to make the Agreement available to the plaintiffs." (DE 407 
at 1 141.) 
On August 18, 2008, Lefkowitz wrote the line prosecutor that Epstein objected to 
disclosure of the terms of the NPA, but that Epstein would "cooperate with the government to 
reach an agreement as to substance of the notification to be sent to the government's list of 
individuals. Based on the Agreement, the information contained in the notification should be 
limited to (1) the language provided in the Agreement dealing with civil restitution (paragraphs 
7-10) and (2) the contact information of the selected attorney representative. We object to the 
inclusion of additional information about the investigation of Mr. Epstein, the terms of the 
Agreement other than paragraphs 7-10 and the identity of other identified individuals." (DE 407 
at ¶ 143.) On August 21, 2008, the Government sent a letter to Epstein's counsel stating that, 
"[c]opies of the victim notifications will continue to be provided to counsel for Mr. Epstein." 
Jane Doe 2 was not informed of the contents of the NPA until August 28, 2008, when the 
line prosecutor provided a copy to 
. (DE 407 at ¶ 146.) On September 2, 2008, the line 
EFTA00010527
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 22 of 33 
prosecutor sent an email to Epstein's counsel stating, "I will start sending out the victim 
notifications today. In accordance with your request, I have changed the language regarding the 
victims' right to receive a copy of the Agreement." (DE 407 at ¶ 147.) On September 2 and 3, 
2008, the Office sent to Jane Doe 1 and other identified victims amended notification letters, 
stating "the United States has agreed to defer federal prosecution in favor of this state plea and 
sentence." (Sept. 3, 2008 letter, DE 363-66; (DE 407 at ¶ 148.) 
On September 16, 2008, attorney Jeffrey Herman, who represented several Epstein 
victims, wrote to the line prosecutor to object to the restitution procedures established in the 
NPA after learning that another attorney, established through the NPA, would be making 
unsolicited contacts to the victims. Mr. Herman explained that the notification letters were 
"misleading" because they referred generally to a waiver of "any other claim for damages," 
without informing them that this waiver might include a valuable punitive damages claim against 
an alleged billionaire. (DE 407 at ¶ 152.) On September 17, 2008, the line prosecutor sent an 
email to State Attorney 
Krischer, explaining that the NPA "contain[ed] a confidentiality 
provision that require[ed] us to inform Mr. Epstein's counsel before making any disclosure." 
(DE 407 at ¶ 153.) 
Around this same time period, Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 filed actions in Palm Beach 
County, seeking money damages from Epstein from sexually abusing them. (Petitioners' Resp. to 
Gov't's Statement of Undisputed Material Facts (hereinafter "DE 415") at ¶ ¶ 8-9.) Eventually, 
they received monetary settlements of their lawsuits. (DE 415 at ¶ 12.) 
In moving for summary judgment, the Petitioners make the following arguments in 
support of their contention that the Government violated their CVRA rights. The Government 
EFTA00010528
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 23 of 33 
violated Petitioners' right to confer under the CVRA: (1) when the Government was negotiating 
and signing the NPA; (2) when the Government sent letters telling Petitioners to be patient while 
the Government completed its investigation and (3) when the Government did not tell the victims 
that the state plea would extinguish the federal case. Petitioners also claim the Government 
violated their right to be treated with fairness under the CVRA by concealing the negotiations of 
the NPA. Additionally, Petitioners contend the Government violated their rights to reasonable 
and accurate notice when it concealed that the NPA and the federal investigation were implicated 
in the state court proceeding. 
In moving for and responding to summary judgment, the Government contends that there 
is no right to notice or conferral about a NPA; it was reasonable for the Government to send 
letters to victims while continuing to investigate the case because the Government could not 
assume that Epstein would plead guilty; and the line prosecutor contacted Petitioners' attorneys 
about the state court plea hearing. The Government also claims it did not violate the right to 
reasonable, accurate and timely notice because the CVRA does not create any right to notice of 
state court proceedings and, in any event, the Government gave notice. The Government asserts 
it did not treat the victims unfairly and used its best efforts to comply with the CVRA, including 
complying with the Attorney General's guidelines for victim assistance. Furthermore, the 
Government argues that Petitioners are equitably estopped from challenging the NPA because 
they relied upon the NPA in their state court civil actions against Epstein. Lastly, the 
Government contends that Petitioners are judicially estopped from challenging the validity of the 
NPA because they have asserted mutually inconsistent positions; namely, that the NPA is invalid 
in federal court but was binding on Epstein in state court. 
EFTA00010529
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 24 of 33 
II. Summary Judgment Standard 
The Court may grant summary judgment "if the movant shows that there is no genuine 
dispute as to any material fact and the movant is entitled to judgment as a matter of law." Fed. 
R. Civ. P. 56(a). The stringent burden of establishing the absence of a genuine issue of material 
fact lies with the moving party. Celotex Corp. v. Catrett 477 U.S. 317, 323 (1986). The Court 
should not grant summary judgment unless it is clear that a trial is unnecessary, Anderson v. 
Liberty Lobby, Inc., 477 U.S. 242, 255 (1986), and any doubts in this regard should be resolved 
against the moving party. Adickes v. S.H. Kress & Co., 398 U.S. 144, 157 (1970). 
The movant "bears the initial responsibility of informing the district court of the basis for 
its motion, and identifying those portions of [the record] which it believes demonstrate the 
absence of a genuine issue of material fact." Celotex Corp., 477 U.S. at 323. To discharge this 
burden, the movant must point out to the Court that there is an absence of evidence to support the 
nonmoving party's case. Id. at 325. 
After the movant has met its burden under Rule 56(a), the burden of production shifts and 
the nonmoving party "must do more than simply show that there is some metaphysical doubt as 
to the material facts." Matsushita Electronic Industrial Co. v. Zenith Radio Corp., 475 U.S. 574, 
586 (1986). "A party asserting that a fact cannot be or is genuinely disputed must support the 
assertion by citing to particular parts of materials in the record . . . or showing that the materials 
cited do not establish the absence or presence of a genuine dispute, or that an adverse party 
cannot produce admissible evidence to support the fact." Fed. R. Civ. P. 56(c)(1)(A) and (B). 
Essentially, so long as the non-moving party has had an ample opportunity to conduct 
discovery, it must come forward with affirmative evidence to support its claim. Anderson 477 
EFTA00010530
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 25 of 33 
U.S. at 257. "A mere 'scintilla' of evidence supporting the opposing party's position will not 
suffice; there must be enough of a showing that the jury could reasonably find for that party." 
Walker v. Darby, 911 F.2d 1573, 1577 (11th Cir. 1990). If the evidence advanced by the non-
moving party "is merely colorable, or is not significantly probative, then summary judgment may 
be granted." Anderson 477 U.S. 242, 249-50. 
III. Discussion 
The CVRA was designed to protect victims' rights and ensure their involvement in the 
criminal justice process. United States v. Moussaoui, 483 F.3d 220, 234 (4th Cir. 2007); Kenna 
v. U.S. Dist. Court, 435 F.3d 1011, 1016 (9th Cir. 2006) ("The [CVRA] was enacted to make 
crime victims full participants in the criminal justice system."). The statute enumerates the 
following ten rights: 
(1) The right to be reasonably protected from the accused. 
(2) The right to reasonable, accurate, and timely notice of any public court 
proceeding, or any parole proceeding, involving the crime or of any release or escape 
of the accused. 
(3) The right not to be excluded from any such public court proceeding, unless the 
court, after receiving clear and convincing evidence, determines that testimony by the 
victim would be materially altered if the victim heard other testimony at that 
proceeding. 
(4) The right to be reasonably heard at any public proceeding in the district court 
involving release, plea, sentencing, or any parole proceeding. 
(5) The reasonable right to confer with the attorney for the Government in the case. 
(6) The right to full and timely restitution as provided in law. 
(7) The right to proceedings free from unreasonable delay. 
(8) The right to be treated with fairness and with respect for the victim's dignity and 
EFTA00010531
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 26 of 33 
privacy. 
(9) The right to be informed in a timely manner of any plea bargain or deferred 
prosecution agreement. 
(10) The right to be informed of the rights under this section and the services 
described in section 503(c) of the Victims' Rights and Restitution Act of 1990 (42 
U.S.C. 10607(c)) and provided contact information for the Office of the Victims' 
Rights Ombudsman of the Department of Justice. 
U.S.C. § 377I(a). 
This Court previously held the following with respect to the CVRA: First, the rights 
under the CVRA attach before the Government brings formal charges against a defendant. Does 
v. United States, 817 F. Supp. 2d 1337, 1341 (S.D. Fla. 2011). Second, the CVRA authorizes the 
rescission or "reopening" of a prosecutorial agreement, including a non-prosecution agreement, 
reached in violation of a prosecutor's conferral obligations under the statute. Doe v. United 
States, 950 F. Supp. 2d 1262, 1267 (S.D. Fla. 2013). Third, section 3771(d)(5) of the CVRA 
authorizes the setting aside of pre-charge prosecutorial agreements, despite the fact that the 
particular statutory enforcement provision expressly refers to the reopening of a plea or sentence. 
Id. at 1267. Fourth, the "reasonable right to confer ... in the case" extends to the pre-charge 
state of criminal investigations and proceedings. Id. Fifth, the federal sex offense crimes 
involving minors allegedly committed by Epstein renders these Petitioners crime victims under 
the CVRA. Id. at 1269. Sixth, "questions pertaining to [the] equitable defense[s] are properly 
left for resolution after development of a full evidentiary record." Id. at 1269 n. 6. 
Here, it is undisputed that the Government entered into a NPA with Epstein without 
conferring with Petitioners during its negotiation and signing. Instead, the Government sent 
letters to the victims requesting their "patience" with the investigation even after the Government 
EFTA00010532
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 27 of 33 
entered into the NPA. At a bare minimum, the CVRA required the Government to inform 
Petitioners that it intended to enter into an agreement not to prosecute Epstein. Although the 
binding effect of the NPA was contingent upon Epstein pleading guilty to the state charges, that 
contingency was out of the control of the Government. The Government's hands were 
permanently tied if Epstein fulfilled his obligations under the NPA. Thus, Petitioners and the 
other victims should have been notified of the Government's intention to take that course of 
action before it bound itself under the NPA. Had the Petitioners been informed about the 
Government's intention to forego federal prosecution of Epstein in deference to him pleading 
guilty to state charges, Petitioners could have conferred with the attorney for the Government and 
provided input. In re Dean 527 F.3d 391, 394 (5th Cir. 2008) (there are rights under the CVRA 
including the "reasonable right to confer with the attorney for the Government"). Hence, the 
Government would have been able to "ascertain the victims' views on the possible details of the 
[non-prosecution agreement]." Id. Indeed, it is this type of communication between prosecutors 
and victims that was intended by the passage of the CVRA. See United States v. Heaton 458 F. 
Supp. 2d 1271 (D. Utah 2006)(government motion to dismiss charge of using facility of 
interstate commerce to entice minors to engage in unlawful sexual activity would not be granted 
until government consulted with victim); United States v. Ingrassia No. CR-04-0455ADSJO, 
2005 WL 2875220, at *17 n. 11 (E.D.N.Y. Sept. 7, 2005) (Senate debate supports the view that 
the contemplated mechanism for victims to obtain information on which to base their input was 
conferral with the prosecutor concerning any critical stage or disposition of the case). 
Particularly problematic was the Government's decision to conceal the existence of the 
EFTA00010533
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 28 of 33 
NPA and mislead the victims to believe that federal prosecution was still a possibility.' When 
the Government gives information to victims, it cannot be misleading. While the Government 
spent untold hours negotiating the terms and implications of the NPA with Epstein's attorneys, 
scant information was shared with victims. Instead, the victims were told to be "patient" while 
the investigation proceeded. 
The Government, however, interprets the CVRA as only obligating the prosecutor to 
answer inquiries by a crime victim and does not impose a duty on the prosecutor to give notice 
about case developments, other than what is required in section 3771(a)(2). Such an 
interpretation is in direct contravention of the intent of the CVRA. See Ingrassia 2005 WL 
2875220, at *17 n.11 (Senate debate explaining the right to confer is "intended to be expansive" 
including the right of victim to confer "concerning any critical state of disposition of the case"). 
In any event, no meaningful conferral could take place as long as the Government chose to 
conceal the existence of the NPA from the victims! 
Nor does the Court agree with the Government that the 2015 amendment to the CVRA, 
section 3771(a)(9), which gave victims the "right to be informed in a timely manner of any plea 
' Even if the Court accepted the Government's version of the facts relative to the Agent 
having told Jane Doe 1 the "main terms" of the NPA (which is left undefined), the victims were 
not told about it until after it was signed and the Government was bound. This precluded the 
Government from obtaining any input from the victims. 
$ The Government devotes time to distinguishing between the words "confer" and 
"notice" and suggesting that "confer" is more limited in scope than "notice." Nothing about the 
definition of confer, however, suggests it is limited to one party bearing the burden of 
communication. See Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary, https://www.meniam-webster.com/ 
dictionary (last visited January 7, 2019) ("to compare views or take counsel"); Blacks Law 
Dictionary (10* ed. 2014) ("to hold a conference, to consult with one another"). 
EFTA00010534
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 29 of 33 
bargain or deferred prosecution agreement" specifically excluded the right of victims to be 
informed of a non-prosecution agreement. Prior to this amendment, this Court held that the right 
to confer extended to the pre-charge state of criminal investigations and proceedings. Doe, 950 
F. Supp. 2d at 1267; see also 157 Cong. Rec. 57060-01, 157 Cong. Rec. S7060-01, S7060 
(CVRA co-sponsor Senator Jon Kyl's 2011 letter to the Attorney General, explaining that 
"Congress intended the CVRA to broadly protect crime victims throughout the criminal justice 
process-from the investigative phases to the final conclusion of a case.") 
The 2015 amendment did not serve to repeal or restrict the obligations of the Government 
to confer with victims in the early stages of a case. Instead, the 2015 amendment clarified that 
certain events, such as plea agreements or deferred prosecution agreements, must be conveyed to 
the crime victim. Put another way, the 2015 amendment codified what the courts had been 
interpreting the CVRA to require, such as entitlement to notice of a plea bargain. See In re Dean, 
527 F.3d at 394 ("the government should have fashioned a reasonable way to inform the victims 
of the likelihood of criminal charges and to ascertain the victims' views on the possible details of 
a plea bargain"); United States v. Okun, No. CRIM. 3:08CR132, 2009 WL 790042, at '2 (E.D. 
Va. Mar. 24, 2009) (the statutory language of the CVRA gives the victims' rights before the 
accepting of plea agreements). 
To the extent the Government relies upon the "interpretive canon, expressio unius est 
exclusio alterius, 'expressing one item of [an] associated group or series excludes another left 
unmentioned' the Court is not persuaded. Chevron U.S.A. Inc. v. Echazabal, 536 U.S. 73, 80 
(2002) (quoting United States v. Vonn, 535 U.S. 55, 65 (2002)). "The force of any negative 
implication ... depends on context." Marx v. General Revenue Corp., 568 U.S. 371, 381 (2013). 
EFTA00010535
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 30 of 33 
"[T]he expressio unius canon does not apply unless it is fair to suppose that Congress considered 
the unnamed possibility and meant to say no to it, and that the canon can be overcome by 
contrary indications that adopting a particular rule or statute was probably not meant to signal 
any exclusion." Id. (internal citations and quotation marks omitted). 
The expansive context of the CVRA lends itself to only one interpretation; namely, that 
victims should be notified of significant events resulting in resolution of their case without a 
trial. See Kenna v. U.S. Dist. Court for C.D.Cal., 435 F.3d 1011, 1016 (9th Cir. 2006) (title 
statute was enacted to make crime victims full participants in the criminal justice system"); 
Heaton 458 F. Supp. 2d at 1273 (the right to confer is "not limited to particular proceedings" but 
is "expansive" and applies broadly to "any critical stage or disposition of the case"). Reading 
into the statute a negative implication that victims need not be informed of non-prosecution 
agreements, and only informed of the more common events of plea bargains or deferred 
prosecution agreements, would be inconsistent with the goal of the CVRA.6 In the context of 
plea agreements, the CVRA provides victims with rights prior to the acceptance of plea 
agreements. See In re Dean 527 F.3d at 394; United States v. Okun, No. CRIM. 3:08CR132, 
2009 WL 790042, at *2 (E.D. Va. Mar. 24, 2009). Furthermore, victims obtain rights under the 
CVRA even before prosecution. Okum, 2009 WL 790042, at '2 (citing In re Dean, 527 F.3d at 
394). Based on this authority, the Court concludes that the CVRA must extend to conferral about 
non-prosecution agreements. 
A NPA entered into without notice has a more damaging impact on the victims than a 
plea agreement entered into without notice. When a plea agreement is entered into without 
notice, the victims will at least have an opportunity to provide input to a judge at sentencing. 
Once a NPA is entered into without notice, the matter is closed and the victims have no 
opportunity to be heard regarding any aspect of the case. 
EFTA00010536
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 31 of 33 
Next, the Government claims it did not violate the right to confer when, in January of 
2008, it sent letters to the victims counseling patience because, at that time, Epstein's attorneys 
were seeking review of the NPA at higher levels within the Department of Justice. As indicated 
previously, however, at this point, the Government had bound itself to the terms of the NPA 
unless Epstein failed to comply with its terms. It was a material omission for the Government to 
suggest to the victims that they have patience relative to an investigation about which it had 
already bound itself not to prosecute. While Epstein was within his rights to attempt to persuade 
higher authorities within the Department of Justice to overrule the prosecutorial decisions of the 
U. S. Attorney's Office in the Southern District of Florida, the CVRA was designed to give the 
victims the same opportunity to attempt to affect prosecutorial decisions before they became 
final. Instead, the Office engaged in lengthy negotiations with Epstein that included repeated 
assurances that the NPA would not be "made public or filed with the Court." (DE 407 at ¶ 31.) 
Nor did the Justice Department guidelines create an exemption from the CRVA's 
statutory requirements. Although the Government points to guidelines that conflicted with the 
requirements of the CVRA (by restricting CVRA rights until after a formal indictment), the 
Court is not persuaded that the guidelines were the basis for the Government's decision to 
withhold information about the NPA from the victims. If that had been the case, the Government 
would not have sent the victim letters telling them that they had rights protected under the 
CVRA. Nor would they have told Epstein's attorneys that it had obligations to notify the victims. 
In any event, an agency's own "'interpretation' of a statute cannot supersede the language chosen 
by Congress." Mohasco Corp. v. Silver, 447 U.S. 807, 825 (1980). 
Next, the Court rejects the Government's contention that Jane Doe 2 is not protected by 
EFTA00010537
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 32 of 33 
the CVRA because she made statements favorable to Epstein early in the investigation.' There is 
no dispute that Epstein sexually abused Jane Doe 2 while she was a minor. Therefore, regardless 
of her comments to the prosecutor, she was a victim. See 18 U.S.C. § 3771(e) (the CVRA 
defines a victim as "a person directly and proximately harmed as a result of the commission of a 
Federal offense"); In re Stewart, 552 F.3d 1285, 1288 (1 1 ik Cir. 2008) ("to determine a crime 
victim, then, first, we identify the behavior constituting 'commission of a Federal offense.' 
Second, we identify the direct and proximate effects of that behavior on parties other than the 
United States. If the criminal behavior causes a party direct and proximate harmful effects, the 
party is a victim under the CVRA."). 
The Court need not resolve the factual questions surrounding what and when the victims 
were told about the state court proceeding and whether a state court proceeding is covered by the 
CVRA. Under the facts of this case, once the Government failed to advise the victims about its 
intention to enter into the NPA, a violation of the CVRA occurred. 
Nor does the Court need to consider the Government's estoppel arguments at this time. 
These arguments relate only to the remedy, and not the determination of whether there was a 
CVRA violation. Therefore, the Court will address this issue at the appropriate juncture. 
Lastly, the Court will address the Government's argument that its prosecutorial discretion 
permitted it to enter into the NPA. The Government correctly notes that the CVRA provides that 
InJothing in this chapter shall be construed to impair the prosecutorial discretion of the Attorney 
General or any officer under his direction." 18 U.S.C.A. § 3771(d)(6). The Court is not ruling 
In fact, the Office considered Jane Doe 2 a victim as early as August of 2006 when it 
sent her a CVRA letter. 
EFTA00010538
--- PAGE 33 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 435 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/21/2019 Page 33 of 33 
that the decision not to prosecute was improper. The Court is simply ruling that, under the facts 
of this case, there was a violation of the victims rights under the CVRA. 
IV. Conclusion 
Accordingly, it is hereby ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: 
1) 
Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2's Motion for Partial Summary Judgment (DE 361) is 
GRANTED to the extent that Petitioners' right to conferral under the CVRA was 
violated. 
2) 
The United States's Cross-Motion for Summary Judgment (DE 408) is DENIED. 
3) 
Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2's Motion to Compel Answers (DE 348) is DENIED 
WITHOUT PREJUDICE. 
4) 
Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2's Motion for Finding Waiver of Work Product and 
Similar Protections by Government and for Production of Documents (DE 414) is 
DENIED WITHOUT PREJUDICE. 
5) 
The parties should confer and inform the Court within 15 days of the date of 
entry of this Order how they wish to proceed on determining the issue of what 
remedy, if any, should be applied in view of the violation. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 215` day of February, 2019. 
KENNETH A. MARRA 
United States District Judge 
EFTA00010539


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010540.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010540.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "ME= 
(USANYS) [Contractor]" < 
 I). 
To: atal.11rIE>, 
"ale 
(USANYS)" 
all 
NYS)" <I 
(USANYS)" < 
>
Subject: Yesterday's Epstein hearing 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2019 13:50:28 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
https://www.miamiherald.corninewsistate/florida/article231916968.html 
Special Assistant to the U.S. Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office, SDNY 
EFTA00010540


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010541.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010541.pdf
----------------------------------------
(USANYS)" 
Subject: FW: Yesterday's Epstein hearing 
Date: Tue, 25 Jun 2019 13:55:03 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
In case you didn't see: 
From: 
SANYS) [Contractor] 
Sent: Tuesda June 25, 2019 9:50 AM 
To:
(USANYS) c
> 
USANYS)  
>; 
(USANYS)
; 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Yesterday's Epstein hearing 
https://www.miamiherald.cominewsistate/florida/article231916968.html 
Special Assistant to the U.S. Attorney 
• 
rney's Office, SDNY 
EFTA00010541


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010542.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010542.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 1 of 32 
IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE 1 AND JANE DOE 2, 
Civil Action No. 
PETITIONERS, 
V. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
RESPONDENT. 
08-80736-CIV-MARRA 
• 
Government's Response to Petitioners' Submission on Proposed Remedies 
The United States of America, by Byung J. Pak, United States Attorney for the 
Northern District of Georgia, and Jill E. Steinberg and Nathan P. Kitchens, 
Special Attorneys for the Southern District of Florida, files this response to 
Petitioners' proposed remedies. 
INTRODUCTION 
The question before this Court is what remedies, if any, should be accorded 
Petitioners under the Crime Victims Rights Act (CVRA) based on this Court's 
finding that the government failed to confer with Petitioners prior to entering 
into a non-prosecution agreement (NPA) with Jeffrey Epstein? Petitioners seek 
This Court previously found that Petitioners are crime victims under the 
CVRA; a crime victim's rights under the CVRA attach before the 
government brings formal charges against a defendant; the CVRA's 
"reasonable right to confer" extends to conferring about non-prosecution 
agreements; the CVRA authorizes the rescission of a non-prosecution 
agreement reached in violation of a prosecutor's conferral obligations; and 
the government violated the CVRA by failing to advise the victims that it 
intended to enter into the NPA with Epstein. The government will not 
EFTA00010542
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 2 of 32 
what they call "rescission remedies," "apology remedies," "informational 
remedies," "educational remedies," and "miscellaneous remedies" — all of which 
constitute equitable relief, and none of which is authorized by the CVRA. But 
even if the statute did allow equitable relief, Petitioners are not entitled to the 
specific relief they are seeking. 
Nevertheless, the government believes that it should have communicated its 
resolution of the federal criminal investigation of Epstein to his victims more 
effectively and in a more transparent manner. Although we cannot turn back 
time and put the victims back in the position they would have been in over a 
decade ago, the government believes the following proposed remedies would 
respect their rights under the CVRA, balance the constitutional and statutory 
obligations imposed on the government, and bring some level of finality to all 
the parties. 
DISCUSSION 
1. The Government's Proposed Remedies. 
A. The government should have communicated in a more transparent way 
with victims. 
As a matter of law, the government's position is that the legal obligations 
under the CVRA do not attach prior to the government charging a case. Nor does 
the CVRA authorize any of the remedies sought by the Petitioners —in part 
because the CVRA does not contemplate its invocation in the context of 
revisit these findings here except to note that it maintains all of its 
objections. 
EFTA00010543
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 3 of 32 
uncharged criminal conduct.2 At the same time, the government strives to 
communicate with crime victims effectively and as transparently as possible. 
There are myriad reasons why a prosecutor may decline to indict a case or 
resolve a case with a plea to a less serious charge. These considerations are 
highly contextual and involve a host of factors based upon the current state of 
the law and provable evidence, as well as the experience that prosecutors and 
their law enforcement partners develop working cases over many years. There 
are instances when victims of a crime or third parties may disagree with a 
prosecutor's decision, but that decision nevertheless remains with the prosecutor 
and her supervisors, and this discretion is expressly preserved in the CVRA. See 
U.S.C. § 3771(d)(6). 
Although the CVRA may not have required it, here, the government engaged 
with the Petitioners about the status of the investigation and advised them that 
the case was being actively pursued. At the same time, potential federal charges 
were being resolved with a state court guilty plea in conjunction with the NPA. 
Regardless of whether the government ultimately chose to pursue, decline, or 
Indeed, under the CVRA, "crime victim" is a person directly and 
proximately harmed as a result of the "commission of a Federal offense." 18 
U.S.C. § 3771(e)(2)(A). Thus, without identifying exactly which federal offense 
was committed by filing formal charges, it is difficult to determine who was 
directly and proximately harmed. Moreover, the crime victims rights are tied to 
a court proceeding, see 18 U.S.C. § 3771(b)(1), which indicates that formal charges 
are required prior to the attachment of rights under the CVRA. By Department 
policy and practice, however, federal prosecutors usually go above and beyond 
the obligations defined by the CVRA and interact with victims early on in a case. 
EFTA00010544
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLED Docket 06/24/2019 Page 4 of 32 
otherwise resolve federal prosecution— a decision upon which we do not opine 
here—the government should have communicated with the victims in a 
straightforward and transparent way. Because the government did not 
communicate more clearly and directly with the victims, the resolution in this 
case has led some to conclude that the government chose for improper reasons 
not to prosecute Epstein, a conclusion that remains unsubstantiated. The 
government places high value in its work to support victims of crime, and its 
communications with victims must reflect that value. The government regrets 
that the manner in which it communicated the resolution of the Epstein case to 
the victims fell short. 
B. The Department of Justice's commitment to victims of human 
trafficking and child exploitation supports targeted remedies to give the 
Epstein victims a voice, an explanation, and finality. 
Over the past decade, the Department of Justice has made combatting human 
trafficking and child exploitation a national priority? Between Fiscal Years (FY) 
2009 and 2016, the Department increased the number of human trafficking cases 
See Department of Justice Releases First National Strategy for Child Exploitation. 
Prevention and Interdiction (Aug. 2, 2010), https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/ 
department-justice-releases-first-national-strategy-child-exploitation-prevention-
and (Eric Holder comments); Introduction by Attorney General Loretta Lynch, 
National Strategy to Combat Human. Trafficking (January 2017), 
https://www.justice.gov/humantrafficking/page/file/922791/download 
(hereinafter National Strategy to Combat Human Trafficking); Attorney General Jeff 
Sessions Delivers Remarks at National Law Enforcement Training on Child Exploitation 
(June 6, 2017), https://www.justice.gov/opa/speech/ attorney-general-jeff-
sessions-delivers-remarks-national-law-enforcement-training-child. 
EFTA00010545
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 5 of 32 
charged, defendants charged, and defendants convicted by roughly 70 percent in 
comparison to the prior eight years, in addition to higher prosecution results in 
cases involving child sex trafficicing.4 In FY 2009, the Department charged 2,315 
child exploitation cases involving 2,427 defendants; in FY 2015, that number 
almost doubled to 4,211 cases involving 4,458 defendants.5 In addition, through 
its Office of Justice Programs, the Department funds 61 coordinated task forces to 
fight internet-facilitated crimes against children (ICAC).6 In FY 2008, the task 
forces were funded at $16.9 million; in FY 2018 the funding for the ICAC 
program was $28.6 million? Through its Office for Victims of Crime (OVC), the 
Department provides more grant funding than any other federal agency to 
programs that provide direct services to victims of human trafficking .5 Indeed, 
this month, OVC announced its FY 2019 grant, which will award millions of 
National Strategy to Combat Human Trafficking at 1. 
National Strategy for Child Exploitation Prevention and Interdiction (Aug. 2010), 
at 5, https://www.justice.gov/psc/docs/natstrategyreport.pdf; National Strategy 
for Child Exploitation Prevention and Interdiction (Apr. 2016), at 110-11, 
https://www.justice.gov/psc/file/842411/download (hereinafter 2016 National 
Strategy for Child Exploitation Prevention). 
Program Summary, Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, 
https://www.ojjdp.gov/programs/ProgSummary.asp?pi=3. 
71d. 
Announcements, Office for Victims of Crime, 
https://ovc.ncjrs.gov/humantrafficicing/announcements.html. 
EFTA00010546
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 6 of 32 
dollars in funding to assist victims of trafficldng.9 In April 2016, the Department 
published a comprehensive strategy, in conjunction with several other federal 
agencies, to combat child exploitation, including child sex trafficking 10 In 2013, 
the Department and other agencies published a victim-dedicated action plan that 
described the process by which the government will combat trafficking offenses 
with a focus on providing support and services to victims.11
These programs and accomplishments matter because they reflect a 
commitment on the part of the Department of Justice, which includes all federal 
prosecutors, to combat human trafficking and crimes against children and fully 
support and protect victims of crime. Any remedy the Court imposes in this 
matter should reflect the fact that any mistakes made in this case stand in 
contrast to the Department's commitment to victims. 
Any remedy the Court imposes should also have a nexus to the purpose of 
the CVRA, which is to give victims a voice in the criminal justice process, but not 
decision-making authority over prosecution decisions. Here the Court found that 
the government violated the CVRA by failing to confer with the victims about 
the NPA. The past cannot be undone; the government committed itself to the 
terms of the NPA, and the parties have not disputed that Epstein complied with 
OVC Fiscal Year (FY) 2019 Direct Services to Support Victims of Human 
Trafficking, https://www.ovc.gov/grants/pdfbct/FY19-Direct-Services-Human-
Trafficking-Solicitation.pdf. 
2016 National Strategy for Child Exploitation Prevention. 
Federal Strategic Action Plan on Services for Victims of Human Trafficking, 
https://www.ovc.gov/pubs/FederalHumanTraffickingStrategicPlan.pdf. 
EFTA00010547
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 7 of 32 
its provisions. A number of Epstein's victims subsequently invoked the NPA to 
enter into civil settlements with Epstein and, in that respect, also relied on its 
terms 12 Any remedy for the CVRA violation should thus serve to give the 
victims a voice, even though the prosecution decision remains out of their hands. 
As such, the government proposes the following remedies: 
• 
The Department of Justice will designate a representative to meet with 
Petitioners, and any other Epstein victim who wishes to participate, to 
discuss the government's decision to resolve the Epstein case and engage 
in an open dialogue about that decision. 
• 
The government will participate in a public court proceeding, presided 
over by this Court, in which the Petitioners, and any other Epstein victim 
who wishes to participate, can make a victim impact statement. That 
hearing would be handled in a manner similar to the way the Court would 
handle victim impact statements in the context of a criminal sentencing. 
• 
All criminal prosecutors in the United States Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of Florida (USAO-SDFL) will undergo additional 
training on the CVRA, victim rights, and victim assistance issues to be 
completed no later than one year from the date of the Court's final order in 
this case. 
2. The CVRA Specifies the Enforcement Mechanism To Address Violations of 
Its Terms and Does Not Authorize the Equitable Remedies Petitioners 
Seek. 
The government offers the proposed remedies above, not because it is 
required to do so by law, but because it believes these corrective actions are 
Based on information provided in response to the government's recent 
efforts to confer with victims, more than a dozen victims invoked the NPA to 
enter civil settlements with Epstein while protecting their anonymity. 
EFTA00010548
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 8 of 32 
necessary to give a voice to the victims of Jeffrey Epstein and an opportunity for 
them to understand the true reasons why the government resolved the case in 
the manner it did since they did not have that opportunity at the time. These 
remedies are generally consistent with several remedies proposed by Petitioners. 
But the law does not authorize this Court to grant other remedies Petitioners 
seek, nor would such remedies promote the underlying purpose of the CVRA to 
promote victims participatory rights in the criminal justice process while 
respecting their dignity and privacy. 
Although Petitioners assert that the CVRA gives this Court "broad power to 
craft appropriate remedies," Doc. 458 at 7, the statute's plain language says 
otherwise. That language explicitly provides that a crime victim may not seek 
damages against the United States: 
No cause of action. - Nothing in this chapter shall be construed to 
authorize a cause of action for damages or to create, to enlarge, or to imply 
any duty or obligation to any victim or other person for the breach of 
which the United States or any of its officers or employees could be held 
liable in damages. 
U.S.C. § 3771(d)(6) (emphasis in original). 
Perhaps because Congress provided no cause of action for damages, it sought 
compliance a different way: it included a section in the CVRA entitled 
"Procedures to [P]romote [C]ompliance," in which it directed the United States 
Attorney General to "promulgate regulations to enforce the rights of crime 
victims and to ensure compliance by responsible officials with the obligations" 
EFTA00010549
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 9 of 32 
set out by statute. 18 U.S.C. § 3771(f). Congress further directed that these 
regulations: (1) designate someone within the Department of Justice to receive 
and investigate complaints relating to a rights violation; (2) require that DOJ 
officials be trained on crime victims rights and assist such employees in 
responding to crime victims needs; (3) provide "disciplinary sanctions, 
including suspension or termination from employment, for employees of the 
Department of Justice who willfully or wantonly fail to comply with provisions 
of Federal law pertaining to the treatment of crime victims"; and (4) instruct that 
the "Attorney General, or the designee of the Attorney General, shall be the final 
arbiter of the complaint, and that there shall be no judicial review of the final 
decision of the Attorney General by a complainant." Id. at (f)(1)(A)-(D). 
The Department of Justice did as Congress directed, and the resulting 
regulations are found at 28 C.F.R. § 45.10. These regulations outline the 
procedures a crime victim shall take when he or she believes that one of their 
CVRA rights has been violated. 28 C.F.R. § 45.10(c). Notably here, the regulations 
provide that the Department of Justice Victims' Rights Ombudsman is "the final 
arbiter of the complaint," and the complainant "may not seek judicial review" of 
that determination. Id. at (c)(7)-(8). The Ombudsman alone decides whether to 
notify the complainant of the result of the investigation. Id. at (c)(9). Empowering 
the Ombudsman to remedy a victim's complaint without the risk of delay from 
prolonged litigation is consistent with congressional intent that the CVRA's 
administrative remedy should "create[] a framework to quickly enforce victims' 
rights." 150 Cong. Rec. 7312 (statement of Sen. Orrin Hatch). 
EFTA00010550
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 10 of 32 
With respect to disciplinary sanctions, if the Ombudsman finds that a DOJ 
employee violated a crime victim's rights, but not in a willful or wanton manner, 
the Ombudsman shall require the employee "to undergo training on victims' 
rights." 28 C.F.R. § 45.10(d). If, however, the Ombudsman finds that the DOJ 
employee willfully or wantonly violated a crime victim's rights, the Ombudsman 
shall recommend "a range of disciplinary sanctions." Id. at (e)(1). "Disciplinary 
sanctions" means "those sanctions provided under the Department of Justice 
Human Resources Order, 1200.1," which include written reprimands, 
suspensions, reductions in grade or pay, removals, and furloughs for 30 days or 
less. Id. at (e)(2); DOJ Human Resources Order, 1200.1, Part 3, B(2). Thus, the 
CVRA provides sanctions that the government and its employees may be 
subjected to if they violate the CVRA. 
The CVRA's plain text lays out the procedures that crime victims must follow 
when they believe their CVRA rights have been violated, the actions DOJ must 
take when it receives a complaint, and the sanctions DOJ may employ when a 
violation has occurred. And this carefully crafted and detailed enforcement 
scheme undermines any suggestion that Congress intended, but simply forgot, to 
provide additional remedies beyond those already specified. Courts agree. See 
United States v. Monzel, 641 F.3d 528, 542 (D.C. Cir. 2011) (holding that the 
CVRA's "carefully crafted and detailed enforcement scheme," provides "strong 
evidence that Congress did not intend to authorize other remedies that it simply 
forgot to incorporate expressly") (quoting Mertens v. Hewitt Associates, 508 U.S. 
248, 254 (1993)); United States v. Hunter, 548 F.3d 1308, 1315 (10th Cir. 2008) 
EFTA00010551
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 11 of 32 
(declining to "to read additional remedies" into the CVRA beyond those 
expressly contained in the Act); see also Karahalios v. Nat'l Fed'n of Fed. Employees, 
489 U.S. 527, 533 (1989) ("[I]t is . . . an 'elemental canon of statutory construction 
that where a statute expressly provides a remedy, courts must be especially 
reluctant to provide additional remedies.") (quoting Transamerica Mortgage 
Advisors, Inc. v. Lewis, 444 U.S. 11, 19 (1979)); Nat'l R.R. Passenger Corp. v. Nat'l 
Ass'n of R.R. Passengers, 414 U.S. 453, 458 (1974) ("[W]hen legislation expressly 
provides a particular remedy or remedies, courts should not expand the 
coverage of the statute to subsume other remedies."); McDonald v. Southern Farm 
Bureau Life Ins. Co., 291 F.3d 718, 725 (11th Cir. 2002) ("When Congress creates 
certain remedial procedures, we are, 'in the absence of strong indicia of contrary 
congressional intent, . . . compelled to conclude that Congress provided precisely 
the remedies it considered appropriate.") (quoting Karahalios, 489 U.S. at 533). 
Because Petitioners seek remedies not authorized by the CVRA's plain language, 
their requests should be denied. 
What's more, the plain text is supported by the CVRA's location in the United 
States Code. Specifically, the CVRA is found in Part II of Title 18, which is the 
part of the United States Code specifically devoted to "Criminal Procedure." The 
CVRA does not contemplate civil litigation, and the civil remedies that 
Petitioners seek are simply unavailable under the CVRA. Doc. 147 at 15-19. 
Instead of authorizing a victim to institute a civil action, the CVRA created a 
specific victims-rights-enforcement scheme within the federal criminal justice 
process - indeed, within Title 18 of the United States Code, which addresses 
EFTA00010552
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 12 of 32 
"Crimes and Criminal Procedure." That rights-enforcement scheme is based on 
the filing of a "motion asserting a victim's rights" - not a civil complaint or a civil 
lawsuit. 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(3); see Sieverding v. U.S. Dept. of Justice, 693 F. Supp. 
2d 93,110 (D.D.C. 2010) (recognizing that it is "only through a motion" that the 
CVRA "permits" individuals to assert statutory rights arising under the CVRA, 
such as the "right to confer" and '"discuss ... allegations of criminal acts and 
[DOD's] decisions to prosecute or not prosecute"') (citing 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(3)); 
see also, e.g., In re Antrobus, 563 F.3d 1092, 1097 (10th Cir. 2009) ("The CVRA 
contemplates that individuals asserting victim status may bring a motion in the 
district court even when criminal proceedings are not ongoing, and that the 
district court's denial of such a motion is reviewable by mandamus.") (citing 18 
U.S.C. § 3771(d)(3)); compare Fed. R. Civ. P. 3 ("A civil action is commenced by 
filing a complaint with the court."). Congress expressly recognized in enacting 
the CVRA that the statute did not "[a]llow[] victims to vindicate their rights 
through separate proceedings for damages instead of through mandamus actions 
in the criminal case." 150 Cong. Rec. 7306 (2004) (statement of Sen. Patrick Leahy) 
(expressing regret that the CVRA "den[ied] victims any cause of action for 
damages in the event that their rights are violated"); 150 Cong. Rec. 7312 
(statement of Sen. Orrin Hatch) ("For those who may be concerned that this bill 
might lead to new tort causes of action, let me assure you, that victims are not 
seeking to sue the government and get rich. . . . Accordingly, the bill states that 
there will be no cause of action for damages."). 
EFTA00010553
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 13 of 32 
The cases cited by Petitioners do not advance their efforts to expand the 
CVRA into a civil remedial scheme allowing for civil equitable relief. Those cases 
support the unremarkable proposition that courts generally have power to grant 
appropriate relief for recognized civil causes of action, but, as previously 
explained, there is no civil cause of action under the CVRA. And the case to 
which they do cite, In re Dean, 527 F.3d 391 (5th Cir. 2008), is not applicable here. 
Specifically, in In re Dean, a criminal charge was actually filed, and the case 
involved a plea agreement that the court would have to accept or reject; here, 
however, the NPA was never before this Court. Regardless, the Court in In re 
Dean never opined on the types of equitable relief Petitioners seek here. 
In addition, Petitioners identify no other federal statute under which they can 
bring their claims for relief. Because the law does not provide Petitioners an 
avenue for the relief they seek, this Court must find that it does not have the 
authority to order the government to do as Petitioners ask, but may still accept 
the government's proposed remedies. 
3. Even if the CVRA Allows for Civil Relief, the Remedies Petitioners Seek 
Go Well Beyond What Is Appropriate. 
But even if the CVRA or some other statute allowed equitable relief, the 
remedies that Petitioners seek go well beyond what equity allows. 
A. Petitioners' request for partial rescission 
Petitioners have repeatedly requested some form of rescission of the NPA, but 
their submission on remedies is telling more for what they seek to preserve from 
that agreement than what they seek to rescind. Specifically, Petitioners do not 
EFTA00010554
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 14 of 32 
ask the Court to scrap the agreement in its entirety; instead, Petitioners request 
that the Court leave in force all but three sentences of the agreement and stress 
that they "are only seeking that these particular provisions be set aside." Doc. 
458 at 13 n.5, 19. 
Petitioners effort to preserve almost the entirety of the NPA is 
understandable because eliminating the complete agreement could harm many 
of the very victims the CVRA was designed to protect. As the Court is well 
aware, the NPA guaranteed a felony conviction and more than a year of 
incarceration for Epstein, which he agreed not to appeal; required him to register 
as a sex offender; provided for an attorney representative for victims, at Epstein's 
expense; and gave victims the equivalent of uncontested restitution by 
mandating that he waive his right to contest liability for victims who pursued a 
claim for damages under 18 U.S.C. § 2255. Doc. 48-5. Rescission could imperil 
these penalties as well as the benefits and settlements obtained by the more than 
dozen victims who invoked the NPA terms. 
Petitioners attempt to avoid that outcome by asking the Court to spare 
provisions of the NPA they like while excising portions they do not. Given the 
potential harm that complete rescission would pose for many victims, the 
government understands this proposal to be well-meaning. Indeed, the 
government itself would benefit from partial rescission by reaping the 
advantages arising from Epstein's concessions without having to abide by its 
own commitments in the agreement. But partial rescission is not a proper 
remedy in this action because it would harm certain victims, has no basis under 
EFTA00010555
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 15 of 32 
the law,13 and would undermine the CVRA's purpose to encourage proper 
treatment of victims. 
i. 
Partial rescission would pose harm to, and is contrary to the 
desires of, certain victims. 
Despite Petitioners best intentions, partial rescission would pose a significant 
risk of harm to certain victims, which must be considered in crafting an equitable 
remedy. The Eleventh Circuit has admonished courts considering equitable 
remedies to "bear in mind that a poorly crafted remedy may achieve justice for 
one by working a substantial injustice on another." Walters v. City of Atlanta, 803 
F.2d 1135, 1149 (11th Cir. 1986); see also Doll v. Brown, 75 F.3d 1200, 1205 (7th Cir. 
1996) ("Of course the effect on innocent third parties is a factor to be taken 
into account in the formulation of an equitable remedy"); Byron v. Clay, 867 F.2d 
1049 (7th Cir. 1989) (noting that "equitable" relief "may have effects on third 
parties . . . and so should not be entered without consideration of those effects"). 
For the reasons stated in the Government's prior filings, Docs. 119 & 147, 
the Government respectfully maintains that rescission is not an authorized 
remedy under the CVRA for the agreement in this matter. Petitioners 
submission highlights the problematic logic underpinning their request for any 
form of rescission. Petitioners claim that the CVRA's limitations on efforts to "re-
open a plea" under 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(5) do not apply here because rescission of 
a non-prosecution agreement is not a request to re-open a plea, Doc. 458 at 9, but 
the Court found that rescission of a non-prosecution agreement was authorized 
under Section 3771(d)(5) precisely because re-opening a non-prosecution 
agreement is akin to re-opening a plea. Doc. 189 at 7-9. Petitioners thus embrace 
the Court's finding while contradicting its underlying reasoning, all in an effort 
to avoid the consequences of their inability to fulfill all of the conditions on relief 
outlined in Section 3771(d)(5). Petitioners cannot have it both ways. 
EFTA00010556
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 16 of 32 
The government's recent effort to confer with victims has established that 
eliminating the immunity provisions would benefit certain victims and harm 
others. The government contacted all attorneys representing victims known to 
the government at the time of the NPA, attempted to locate other victims known 
at the time of the NPA, and conferred with additional victims who were not 
known at the time of the NPA. Indeed, the government has repeatedly invited 
Petitioners to confer with U.S. Attorney Pak in person "to share with [him] 
directly their thoughts about how the government should handle every aspect of 
this matter, both in civil and potential criminal proceedings." Letter from Byung 
J. Pak to Paul G. Cassell (May 7, 2019), attached as Exhibit 1. This invitation 
remains open. The government's efforts to speak with victims are ongoing, and it 
will seek leave to make a supplemental filing summarizing the steps taken to 
confer with victims and the victims opinions on a proper remedy to ensure that 
their diverse voices are heard. 
Based on the conversations with victims to date, it is apparent that any form 
of rescission would cause unintended harm to many of them. During these 
discussions with victims and their representatives, several victims passionately 
expressed their desire to see Epstein be prosecuted and were eager to serve as 
witnesses in any investigation of Epstein. On the other hand, other victims 
stated, through their counsel, that while they would like to see Epstein 
prosecuted for his crimes, they valued anonymity above all and were not willing 
to speak with law enforcement or otherwise participate in any criminal or civil 
litigation due to the risk that their involvement may become known to family, 
EFTA00010557
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 17 of 32 
friends, or the public. Several victims previously expressed, during the 
investigation of Epstein, that they suffered emotional distress and were troubled 
by the prospect of any involvement in the government's investigation. Doc. 403-
¶ 12. For these victims, setting aside the immunity provisions in a partial 
rescission could only undermine their desire to stay anonymous more than ten 
years after obtaining settlements from Epstein. 
The passage of more than ten years since the NPA was entered only 
compounds the potential harm to victims that would arise from partial 
rescission. The Court is well aware of "Petitioners counsel's initial 'indecision 
on whether to seek rescission, as expressed at an earlier hearing held in August 
2008," Doc. 189 at 12 n.6, in which counsel stated that "because of the legal 
consequences of invalidating the current agreement, it is likely not in my clients' 
best interest to ask for the relief that we initially asked for." Doc. 403-21 at 4. 
Petitioners' counsel told the Court in 2008 that "an immediate resolution was not 
necessary, Doc. 99 at 4, and the CVRA case then "stalled" for eighteen months 
"as petitioners pursued collateral civil claims against Epstein," resulting in the 
CVRA case being administratively closed in late 201014 Doc. 189 at 5. Even if 
rescission is a permissible remedy for certain violations of the CVRA, the more 
than decade-long delay here renders this remedy inappropriate given these 
For the reasons stated in its prior filings, Doc. 147 at 8-12; Doc. 401-2 at 28-
29, the government maintains that Petitioners should be estopped from seeking 
any form of rescission based on this delay. 
EFTA00010558
--- PAGE 18 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 18 of 32 
unique circumstances and exacerbates the harm to victims who have attempted 
to readjust their lives in the interim.15
ii. 
Partial rescission contravenes governing tenets of contract law. 
In addition to the potential harm posed to innocent third parties, the law 
unfortunately restricts the government's and Court's ability to rewrite the NPA a 
decade later. It is not uncommon for one party to a contract to wish to rework or 
eliminate terms after entering the agreement. But no matter how regrettable an 
agreement may appear in hindsight, fundamental tenets of contract law prohibit 
the rewriting of terms when the parties intended the agreement to be fulfilled in 
its entirety. Such principles bind the government's hands in this case. 
Although the parties agree that the NPA should be governed by principles of 
contract law, Doc. 458 at 18, Petitioners cite no authority providing for partial 
rescission of a prosecutorial agreement, including a non-prosecution agreement, 
and ignore precedent foreclosing such a remedy when "the entire fulfillment of 
the contract is contemplated by the parties as the basis of the arrangement." Local 
No. 234 v. Henley & Beckwith, 66 So. 2d 818, 821 (Fla.1953); see also Frankenmuth 
Mutual Ins. a Escambia County, 289 F.3d 723, 728 (11th Cir. 2002) (interpreting 
Although Petitioners counsel have not spoken with the majority of the 
victims, they acknowledge that certain victims would be eager for rescission 
while a "large group ... will respond by saying 'I have buried these experiences 
deep in the past and I don't want to do anything at all to unearth all the hurt and 
pain it has taken me this long to process.'"Ila 
Prosecutors finally want 
to hear from Jeffrey Epstein's victims, MIAMI HERALD, 2019, 
https://www.miamiherald.com/news/state/florida/article230275434.html (last 
visited June 21, 2019). 
EFTA00010559
--- PAGE 19 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 19 of 32 
Florida law). Partial rescission of an agreement is "a remedy that is not generally 
cognizable under Florida law except in the unusual circumstances where a 
contract is clearly divisible." Galaxy Cable, Inc. v. Cablevision of Marion. Cty., LLC, 
No. 5:05-CV-303-OC-GRJ, 2006 WL 2265419, at *3 (M.D. Ha. Aug. 8, 2006). A 
contract is considered to be "indivisible" when "each and all of its parts appear 
to be interdependent and common to one another and to the consideration." 
Local No. 234, 66 So. 2d at 822 (holding that contract was indivisible when "it is 
impossible to conclude that the very significant promise on one side... can be 
entirely eliminated from the contract and still leave a valid working arrangement 
fairly reflecting the original mutual understanding between the parties"); see also 
Wilderness Country Club Partnership v. Groves, 458 So. 2d 769, 771 (Fla. Dist. Ct. 
App. 1984) (concluding that, despite the illegality of only one contract provision, 
partial rescission was improper because illegal term was "vital," and severing 
that term "eliminates the essence of the contracting parties agreement"). Courts 
determine whether an agreement is divisible based on the "intention of the 
parties" as revealed "by a fair construction of the terms and provisions of the 
contract itself, and by the subject matter to which it has reference." Local No. 234, 
So. 2d at 822 (quotation marks omitted). 
Here, excising the "immunity" or non-prosecution provisions plainly would 
eliminate the essence of the "Non-Prosecution Agreement." The three sentences 
that Petitioners seek to write out of the agreement are the only contractual 
consideration that the government provided in exchange for Epstein's 
concessions to a felony conviction, prison sentence, sex offender registration, and 
EFTA00010560
--- PAGE 20 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 20 of 32 
uncontested restitution settlements. Doc. 48-5. Moreover, the agreement 
expressly states that its provisions were indivisible, noting that "each of these 
terms is material to this agreement and is supported by independent 
consideration," and a breach of any condition allowed the government to 
terminate the entire agreement. Id. at 7. Accordingly, omitting the immunity 
provisions "eliminates the essence of the contracting parties' agreement," and the 
NPA is thus an indivisible agreement not subject to partial rescission. Wilderness 
Country Club Partnership, 458 So. 2d at 771. Petitioners' request thus must be 
denied as a matter of law. 
Petitioners point to authority setting aside agreements containing illegal 
provisions in support of their request, Doc. 458 at 15-17, but this argument is 
meritless for two reasons. First, while Petitioners contend that the government 
failed to accord victims their rights in communicating the terms of the NPA, 
Petitioners have not identified any illegal provision in the NPA itself. Doc. 147 at 
4-5. Petitioners cite no precedent authorizing the rescission of an agreement 
containing legally valid terms based solely on an extrinsic violation in 
communicating the terms of that agreement to a third party. Second, none of 
Petitioners cases authorizes partial rescission, the remedy they request here.16
See United States v. Walker, 98 F.3d 944 (7th Cir. 1996) (holding that complete 
rescission of plea agreement was only permissible remedy when defendant was 
induced to enter plea based on mistake of law); Craig v. People, 986 P.2d 951, 966 
(Colo. 1990) (noting that if plea was induced by illegal promise, proper remedy 
was defendant's option to withdraw from plea agreement in its entirety); State v. 
Garcia, 582 N.W.2d 879, 882 (Minn. 1998) (holding that if plea agreement could 
not be fulfilled based on illegal term, only remedy was withdrawal from entire 
EFTA00010561
--- PAGE 21 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 21 of 32 
iii. 
Partial rescission would reward, not remedy, a violation of the 
CVRA. 
Even if there were a legal basis for partial rescission, granting partial 
rescission in this matter would have the perverse effect of harming certain 
victims, who must be treated with "respect for [their] dignity and privacy" under 
the CVRA, 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(8), while rewarding the government for what the 
Court determined was a violation of the CVRA. The parties appear to have 
agreed for the purposes of this litigation that Epstein has fully performed his 
obligations under the NPA. By eliminating the immunity provisions of the 
agreement, Petitioners proposal would thus allow the government to enjoy all 
the benefits of Epstein's compliance without binding it to its commitments under 
the NPA. Accordingly, Petitioners would place the government in a more 
favorable position than if it had fully conferred with victims prior to entering the 
NPA. Such a result would not encourage strict adherence to the CVRA, and 
partial rescission in this case would not foster the goals of the CVRA. 
B. Petitioners' request for declaratory relief 
Petitioners also request that this Court declare that the Constitution permits 
the government to prosecute Epstein in the event of rescission, but they cite no 
legal basis for this request. Declaratory relief serves only to clarify the legal 
relationship between the parties and does not serve to make factual 
plea agreement); State v. Wall, 502 S.E.2d 585, 588 (N.C. 1998) (same); Ex parte 
Rich,194 S.W.3d 508, 515 (Tex. Crim. App. 2006) (same); State v. Mazzone, 572 
S.E.2d 891, 897 (W.Va. 2002) ("[A] plea agreement which cannot be fulfilled 
based upon legal impossibility must be vacated in its entirety."). 
EFTA00010562
--- PAGE 22 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 22 of 32 
determinations. See Medmarc Co. Ins. Co. v. Pineiro & Byrd PLLC, 783 F. Supp. 2d 
1214, 1216 (S.D. Fla. 2011) (citing Sierra Equity Group, Inc. v. White Oak Equity 
Partners, LLC, 650 F. Supp. 2d 1213, 1231 (S.D. Fla. 2009); Eisenberg v. Standard Ins. 
Co., No. 09-80199, 2009 WL 1809994, at *3 (S.D. FIa. June 25, 2009)). But that is 
precisely what Petitioners seek here. Accordingly, Petitioners fail to allege a basis 
on which declaratory relief would be appropriate. 
C. Petitioners' request for injunctive relief 
Next, Petitioners ask this Court to: 
• order the government to issue a letter of apology, Doc. 458 at 5, 22-23; 
• enjoin the government to make its "best efforts" to protect the victims 
rights and confer with the victims and give them accurate and timely 
notice of future cases, id. at 5, 21; 
• order DOJ to provide training to the USAO-SDFL, id. at 6, 29; 
• order the government to meet with the victims, confer about the case, and 
explain why it chose not to prosecute Epstein, id. at 5, 23; 
• hold a hearing where victims can be heard, id. at 5, 23-24; and 
• order that the government provide all information in its possession; 
provide all grand jury materials; provide any information regarding FBI 
Miami's investigation, including un-redacted 302s; provide all sealed 
materials previously submitted for in camera review; and provide all 
materials covered by its previously filed motions, id. at 5-6, 24-29. 
As a threshold matter, Petitioners do not have standing to seek injunctive 
relief. As the Supreme Court held in City of Los Angeles v. Lyons, 461 U.S. 95, 102-
(1983), "federal courts are without jurisdiction to entertain" claims for 
EFTA00010563
--- PAGE 23 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 23 of 32 
injunctive relief where a defendant points only to "past exposure to illegal 
conduct," and does not show "a continuing, present adverse effect." But even if 
Petitioners had standing to bring their request for injunctive relief, each request 
fails. 
With respect to Petitioners request for a letter of apology, such a remedy is 
not cognizable. In Woodruff v. Oilman, 29 F. App'x 337, 346 (6th Cir. 2002), the 
Sixth Circuit held that the district court exceeded its equitable powers when it 
ordered a party to apologize. In so holding, the court cited the Ninth Circuit, 
which has recognized that courts "are not commissioned to run around getting 
apologies," and reasoned that the law is not usually concerned with procuring 
apologies to make morally right a legal wrong done to the plaintiff. Id. (quoting 
McKee v. Turner, 491 F.2d 1106, 1107 (9th Cir. 1974)). And certainly, a court may 
not order a defendant to speak in a manner that may contravene the beliefs the 
defendant holds. See id.; see also Burkes v. Tranquilli, No. 08474, 2008 WL 2682606, 
at *4 (W.D. Pa. 2008) (citing Woodruff 29 F. App'x at 346) ("Here, the district court 
exceeded its equitable power when it ordered [defendant] to apologize."). 
Petitioners request that this Court order the government to use its "best 
efforts" to comply with the CVRA and "confer" with the victims pursuant to the 
CVRA asks the Court to order the government to follow the law.17 Such "obey-
the law" injunctions are "disfavored because they often run afoul of Rule 65(d)'s 
Petitioners request that the Court enjoin the government to confer with 
Jane Doe 1 and 2 is particularly unnecessary and unjustified in light of the 
government's standing invitation for them to do precisely that. See Exhibit 1. 
EFTA00010564
--- PAGE 24 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 24 of 32 
requirement that injunctions state their terms specifically and 'describe in 
reasonable detail' the 'act or acts restrained or required." United States v. Askins 
& Miller Orthopaedics, P.A., 924 F.3d 1348, 1361 (11th Cir. 2019) (quoting Fed. R. 
Civ. P. 65(d)). Obey-the-law injunctions are proper only when the "statutory 
terms are specific and the defendant clearly knows what conduct is prohibited or 
required." Id. at 1362 (citing SEC v. v. Goble, 682 F.3d 934, 950 (11th Cir. 2012)). 
Accordingly, such injunctions are permissible if they require parties to follow 
statutory terms with "specific, objective criteria for compliance," Goble, 682 F.3d 
at 951, or specify "numerous concrete actions for the defendants to take ... well 
beyond" what the law requires, Askins & Miller Orthopaedics, 924 F.3d at 1362. 
Obey-the-law injunctions concerning statutes lacking specific terms, or that 
require consultation with an "ever-changing judicial landscape" to interpret, do 
not inform the defendant of what conduct is forbidden under Rule 65(d). Goble, 
682 F.3d at 951-52 (noting that "in some instances an injunction which merely 
tracks the language of the securities statutes and regulations will not clearly and 
specifically describe permissible and impermissible conduct"). Here, a statute 
requiring the government to make its "best efforts" to protect victims, 18 U.S.C. 
§ 3771(c)(1), plainly does not provide "specific, objective criteria for compliance," 
Goble, 682 F.3d at 951. The requested obey-the-law injunction is thus both 
unwarranted and in violation of Rule 65(d). 
So too would any order requiring the government to conduct training. The 
CVRA itself mandates that DOJ regulations "require a course of training for 
employees .. . of the Department of Justice that fail to comply" with victim 
EFTA00010565
--- PAGE 25 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 25 of 32 
protections under federal law. 18 U.S.C. § 3771(0(2)(B). DOJ regulations do so. 28 
C.F.R. § 45.10(d). There is no need to require the government to do what it has 
already undertaken to do, and prescribing the specific content or duration of 
such training would contravene the constitutional doctrine of separation of 
powers. Still, the government recognizes that training is always beneficial and 
offers to do so, as explained above. 
Next, Petitioners seek to meet with the government, attend a hearing, and 
review all government documents as a way of putting themselves in the position 
they would have been in had the government conferred with them before 
entering into the NPA. See Doc. 458 at 23 (explaining that "[a] chance to discuss 
this matter with Mr. Acosta to get answers about that and other related questions 
will, Jane Doe 1 and 2 believe, provide the kind of information that they would 
have received had the U.S. Attorney's Office properly conferred in a timely 
fashion back in 2007"); id. at 24-25 ("If the Government had properly conferred 
with the two Jane Does ... [t]hese events would have provided Jane Doe 1 and 2 
with much more information about Epstein's criminal conspiracy and its scope 
and operation," and "[s]ince one of the harms that flows from that illegality is the 
loss of any chance to obtain information, the obvious remedy is to disclose that 
information"). But the problem with Petitioners requests is that they, if granted, 
would place Petitioners in an entirely different position than the CVRA allows. 
The law does not countenance such a result. See Feldkamp v. Long Bay Partners, 
LLC, 773 F. Supp. 2d 1273, 1285 (M.D. Fla. 2011) (holding that an injured party 
EFTA00010566
--- PAGE 26 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 26 of 32 
shall not be placed in a position "better than that which he would have occupied 
had the contract been performed"). 
To begin, while the CVRA grants victims the right to "confer" with the 
government, this means only that, and not necessarily that the government is 
required to explain the "next steps" it intends to make or to share confidential 
information, including grand jury materials or sensitive information from other 
witnesses. Petitioners request would intrude on the government's exercise of 
prosecutorial discretion, which is expressly prohibited by the CVRA. 18 U.S.C. 
§ 3771(d)(6). Moreover, such an order would violate, or fall perilously close to 
violating, the separation-of-powers doctrine undergirding our democracy. It is 
axiomatic that "federal district courts cannot order a United States Attorney to 
conduct an investigation or to initiate a prosecution because it would violate the 
doctrine of separation of powers." O'Connor v. Nevada, 507 F. Supp. 546, 549 (D. 
Nev. 1981) (citing United States v. Cox, 342 F.2d 167,171 (5th Cir. 1965) ("[T]he 
attorney for the United States is . . . an executive official of the Government, and 
it is as an officer of the executive department that he exercises a discretion as to 
whether or not there shall be a prosecution in a particular case . . . and courts are 
not to interfere with the free exercise of the discretionary powers of the [United 
States attorneys] in their control over criminal prosecutions."). The decision 
whether to prosecute Epstein lies solely within the Executive Branch, and any 
order today, by this Court, as to what the government must do in the future 
would be wholly inappropriate. 
EFTA00010567
--- PAGE 27 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 27 of 32 
Nor does it mean that the government must give victims the discovery in the 
criminal case. As one court has explained, the CVRA does "not authorize an 
unbridled gallop to any and all information in the government's files." United 
States v. Rubin, 558 F. Supp. 2d 411, 425 (E D N Y. 2008); see also United States a 
Moussaoui, 483 F.3d 220, 235 (4th Cir. 2007) (noting that CVRA did not empower 
district court in a civil matter to order disclosure of documents to victims); United 
States v. Hunter, 548 F.3d 1308, 1317 (10th Cir. 2008) (holding "that the CVRA 
does not provide 'victims' with a right of access to the government's files"); cf. In 
re Slier, 571 F.3d 604, 609 (6th Cir. 2009) (holding that "the CVRA does not 
provide an independent right to obtain PSRs"); Kenna v. United States, 453 F.3d 
1136, 1137 (9th Cir. 2006) (affirming district court's rejection of victim's argument 
that the CVRA conferred a general right for crime victims to obtain disclosure of 
PSRs). The CVRA provides victims with rights associated with the defendant's 
trial, such as notice of proceedings against the defendant, the right to be heard at 
a proceeding, and the right to confer with the government's attorney, but is silent 
as to documents offered during the trial. See In re Slier, 571 F.3d at 609-10. 
Petitioners argument that they are entitled to grand jury records similarly 
fails. The traditional rule of grand jury secrecy may be set aside under certain 
circumstances prescribed by Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 6(e). The 
Supreme Court has explained that a party seeking disclosure of grand jury 
materials must make a showing of a "particularized need." United States v. 
Aisenberg, 358 F.3d 1327, 1348 (11th Cir. 2004) (citing Douglas Oil Co. v. Petrol 
EFTA00010568
--- PAGE 28 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 28 of 32 
Stops Northwest, 441 U.S. 211, 222 (1979)). For the reasons previously found by the 
Court, Petitioners have not, and cannot, make such a showing. Doc. 330 at 7-10. 
In addition, the law enforcement investigative privilege protects the 
documents Petitioners seek. The purpose of this privilege is "to prevent 
disclosure of law enforcement techniques and procedures, to preserve the 
confidentiality of sources, to protect witnesses and law enforcement personnel, to 
safeguard the privacy of individuals involved in an investigation, and otherwise 
to prevent interference with an investigation." In re Dep't of Investigation of the 
City of New York, 856 F.2d 481, 482 (2nd Cir. 1988) (citations omitted). Disclosure 
to third parties of the interview reports of the young women sexually abused by 
Epstein could cause their identifies to become widely known and result in their 
harm or embarrassment. The disclosure of information contained in the FBI 
investigative file to third parties could cause additional psychological trauma, 
disruption of family relationships or professional careers, and possible public 
release of personal information.18
The law enforcement investigative privilege is recognized under the Freedom 
of Information Act (FOIA), 5 U.S.C. § 552, which specifically exempts from 
Disclosure of information from the FBI file would also reveal sensitive FBI 
investigative and operational methods, procedures, and techniques. Information 
contained within an FBI investigative file, if revealed, might compromise the 
effective use of such methods in future cases. The FBI's investigative tools must 
remain confidential so that law enforcement can retain an element of surprise 
and prevent the use of countermeasures by targets and suspects to thwart 
effective law enforcement. 
EFTA00010569
--- PAGE 29 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 29 of 32 
disclosure "records of information compiled for law enforcement purposes" that 
"could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal 
privacy" or "would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement 
investigations or prosecutions .. .. " 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(7)(C) and (E). Certainly 
Congress did not contemplate granting victims an end-run around the FOIA 
disclosure exemptions when it drafted the CVRA. 
D. Petitioners' request for monetary damages 
Finally, Petitioners assert that they are entitled to "monetary sanctions," 
attorneys' fees, and restitution. As explained above, however, the CVRA 
explicitly prohibits a cause of action for damages against the United States 
arising from any violation of the CVRA. 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(6). Attempting to 
recast a claim for damages as monetary "sanctions" does not make it any less an 
impermissible claim for damages. 
Regarding restitution, Petitioners are entitled under the CVRA to "[t]he right 
to full and timely restitution as provided in law." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(6). Congress 
modified a crime victim's entitlement to restitution by restricting it to only those 
circumstances "provided in law," thus recognizing that there would be 
numerous situations when it would be impossible for a victim to receive 
restitution. See In re W.R. He; 409 F.3d 555, 563 (2d Cir. 2005). The statute under 
which Petitioners urge this Court to award restitution does not make the 
government liable for restitution for harms caused by others. Calling something 
"restitution" does not make it so. In reality, Petitioners seek money damages 
from the government, and this they cannot do. 
EFTA00010570
--- PAGE 30 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 30 of 32 
With respect to attorneys' fees, the doctrine of sovereign immunity bars an 
award of attorneys fees against the United States unless there is express 
statutory authorization for such an award. Joe v. United States, 772 F.2d 1535, 1536 
(11th Cir. 1985). Waivers of sovereign immunity are to be strictly construed in 
favor of the sovereign. Id. (citing United States v. Sherwood, 312 U.S. 584, 590 
(1941)). The CVRA does not provide for attorneys' fees against the United States, 
and thus Petitioners argument that they are entitled to attorneys fees must be 
rejected. 
CONCLUSION 
Regardless of what the CVRA required the government to do in this matter, 
the victims are right to expect better from their Justice Department. The 
government's commitment in the decade since this action was filed to combat 
human trafficking and child exploitation and protect victims of such offenses 
underscores that its conduct in this matter, no matter how well-intentioned, fell 
short of the government's dedication to serve victims to the best of its ability. 
While the Court cannot unwind the past, the remedies proposed by the 
government would give the victims a meaningful opportunity to have their 
voices heard and to understand, if not accept, the decisions made in this matter. 
Petitioners requested remedies, on the other hand, run afoul of the remedial 
scheme contemplated by the CVRA, are contrary to law, and may cause 
unintended harm to the victims whose interests are also protected by the CVRA. 
EFTA00010571
--- PAGE 31 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 31 of 32 
For the foregoing reasons, the Court should endorse the government's proposed 
remedies. 
Respectfully submitted, 
BYUNG J. PAK 
United States Attorney 
Is) 
/s 
Special Attorney 
Geor is Bar No. 
Special A ttor 
r 'a Bar N . 
EFTA00010572
--- PAGE 32 ---
Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 462 Entered on FLSD Docket 06/24/2019 Page 32 of 32 
Certificate of Service 
I served this document today by filing it using the Court's 
ECF system, 
which automatically notifies the parties and counsel of record. 
June 24, 2019 
/s/ 
Spedal Attorney 
EFTA00010573


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010574.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010574.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 27 Jun 2019 13:54:23 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Sure. never 
called me back - I'm going to give him another 30 minutes or so then try him again. 
•
•
From: 
Sent: 
urs a 
une 
To: 
Subject: 
Should we set up a meeting with us, 
and our Epstein teams on Monday to discuss op plans? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00010574


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010575.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010575.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
" aMIE> 
(USANYS)" <MIMIMIN> 
Subject: Accepted: Epstein Op Meeting with FBI 
Date: Thu, 27 Jun 2019 17:56:10 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
EFTA00010575


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010576.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010576.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Accepted: Epstein Op Meeting with FBI 
Start Date: 2019-07-01 19:30:00 +0000 
End Date: 2019-07-01 20:30:00 +0000 
Organizer: 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Comment: 
Date Created: 2019-06-27 18:06:46 +0000 
Date Modified: 2019-06-27 18:06:46 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2019-06-27 17:42:50 +0000 
EFTA00010576


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010577.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010577.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Epstein NPA Appendix 
Date: Thu, 27 Jun 2019 20:24:29 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
I've provided the document t 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, June 27, 2019 10:54 AM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Epstein NPA Appendix 
OPR will be able to help with this. Copyin 
separately. 
Best, 
Director and Chief Counsel 
Office of Professional Responsibility 
U.S. Department of Justice 
Washington, D.C. 20530 
www.justice.gowour
From 
Sent: Thursday, June 27, 2019 10:37 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Epstein NPA Appendix 
ho is lead counsel on our investigation. till 
respond 
I do not have it, but OPR should. I have copied 
From4
Sent: hursday, June 27, 2019 10:34 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Epstein NPA Appendix 
Thanks 
EFTA00010577
--- PAGE 2 ---
There is non-public appendix to the Epstein NPA that includes a list of victims entitled to receive compensation. Does 
ODAG have a copy of it or would you be able to help us retrieve it? 
Thank you, 
Chief Public Corruption Unit 
United States Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010578


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010579.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010579.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" ‹
> 
To: '
(1-TSANYS)" <a> 
Subject: Automatic reply: Epstein; JMD Media Guideline 
Date: Fri, 28 Jun 2019 14:47:00 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
I am out of the office toda , Frida , June 28. If you need assistance today, please contact 
or 
. 
Thank you. 
at 
EFTA00010579


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010580.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010580.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
" <MIMIN> 
To: "Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS)" alMINE> 
Subject: Accepted: Epstein Press Meeting 
Date: Fri, 28 Jun 2019 15:09:08 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
EFTA00010580


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010581.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010581.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Accepted: Epstein Press Meeting 
Start Date: 2019-07-01 20:00:00 +0000 
End Date: 2019-07-01 21:00:00 +0000 
Organizer: Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) < 
Location: 8th Floor Library 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Comment: 
Date Created: 2019-06-28 15:20:31 +0000 
Date Modified: 2019-06-28 15:20:31 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2019-06-28 15:08:49 +0000 
EFTA00010581


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010582.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010582.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: '
1(1-/SANYS). `t
's 
To: "Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS)" <
IMINE> 
Subject: Automatic reply: Epstein; JMD Media Guideline 
Date: Fri, 28 Jun 2019 15:06:29 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
I am out of the office toda , Frida , June 28. If you need assistance today, please contact 
, at 
or 
. 
Thank you. 
EFTA00010582


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010583.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010583.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" 
To:' 
(USANYS) 4" 
Cc: 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: CAFIs/Epstein 
Date: Sun, 30 Jun 2019 20:49:19 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
(USANYS)" 
For those interested, the call from Friday is being rescheduled for tomorrow (Monday) at 2. I don't have dial-in info yet, 
but will circulate a calendar invite shortly. 
EFTA00010583


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010584.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010584.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: CAFIs/Epstein 
Date: Mon, 01 Jul 2019 13:32:38 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Thanks, El 
won't be able to join today, but happy to help if any issues come up. 
On Jun 30, 2019, at 4:49 PM, 
(USANYS) 
> wrote: 
For those interested, the call from Friday is being rescheduled for tomorrow (Monday) at 2. I don't have dial-in info yet, 
but will circulate a calendar invite shortly. 
EFTA00010584


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010585.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010585.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" <
IMIE> 
To: " 
(USANYS) 4"
Subject: 2019.02.15 Agenda Meeting with 
Date: Thu, 14 Feb 2019 22:17:46 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: 
Just waiting to get an update from the 
team. 
EFTA00010585


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010586.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010586.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
(USANYS)" ‹
> 
Subject: Epstein Team Meeting 
Date: Sun, 08 Dec 2019 18:54:55 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
EFTA00010586


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010587.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010587.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joe Nascimento  
To:" 
„cl 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
) - Epstein 
Date: Thu, 19 Aug 2021 23:34:30 +0000 
 k>, 
Will do. 
Thanks for the recommendation! 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 31±1  Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Aug 19, 2021, at 5:40 PM, 
wrote: 
Thanks! Could you please both fill out the attached form? There's a mask mandate in federal buildings regardless of 
vaccination status (our team is vaccinated), so we'll all be wearing masks tomorrow. I should mention that the water 
fountains at our office don't work (a contamination issue), so you may want to bring water bottles. 
For places near the office, I like a small coffee shop called Blue Spoon (76 Chambers Street), which has breakfast. 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Thursday, August 19, 2021 5:26 PM 
To: 
I <
> 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
(USANYS) 
) - Epstein 
Yes, we are both vaccinated. She has her card, I have a picture of mine. Any recommendations for breakfast in 
the morning near your office? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
EFTA00010587
--- PAGE 2 ---
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Aug 19, 2021, at 5:22 PM, 
Hi Joe, 
> wrote: 
We're sorting out some logistics for tomorrow related to pandemic protocols. Could you please let me know whether 
you and your client are vaccinated? 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento c
>
Sent: Monday, August 16, 202111:18 AM 
To:
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
(USANYS) 
- Epstein 
Good morning, 
We are set to be there this Friday. Please let me know what time you want to start and where we should go. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Aug 5, 2021, at 2:49 PM, 
> wrote: 
Thanks, that sounds like a plan. Could you please send me the information below for 
travel? 
EFTA00010588
--- PAGE 3 ---
• Her full name as it appears on her government-issued ID 
• Her date of birth 
• Her home address, cellphone number, and email address 
Once I have these details, I can pass them along to our witness coordinator, who can reach out to 
to make 
arrangements. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Thursday, August 5, 2021 1:18 PM 
To: 
I <
> 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Great, thanks for working around our schedules. Let's reserve Friday 8/20. Hopefully you can fly 
up Thursday 
night and she can take a late night flight home Friday to give you all day with her. 
Let me know what you need from us. If its easier, feel free to communicate directly with 
) to 
make travel arrangements. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami, FL 33129 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
From: " 
Date: Wednesday, Au ust 4 2021 at 10:11 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: ' 
SANYS)" 
, 
II 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Hi Joe, 
I've confirmed with the agents, and either of those days would work for us. Do you have a preference on 
scheduling? Happy to work around whatever works best for your travel schedule. 
Thanks, 
EFTA00010589
--- PAGE 4 ---
On Aug 3, 2021, at 7:47 PM, Joe Nascimento < 
wrote: 
HIM, 
I spoke with 
and she hopes we can schedule the meeting for the 19th or 20th. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Aug 3, 2021, at 10:03 AM, Joe Nascimento c 
Of course, what time works best for you? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Aug 3, 2021, at 10:02 AM, 
Hi Joe, 
Hope you're doing well. Are you available for a brief call this afternoon? 
Thanks, 
> wrote: 
> wrote: 
EFTA00010590
--- PAGE 5 ---
From: Joe Nascimento ciM
) 
Sent: Monday, April 26, 2021 9:53 AM 
To: 
I sc
> 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Perfect, I received the invite with the link. Unfortunately (or fortunately sometimes) WebEx has been a 
part a daily part of my life the past year, so we should be OK. See you all then, let me know if you need 
anything further from us in the meantime. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Apr 26, 2021, at 9:31 AM, 
Hi Joe, 
wrote: 
Thanks very much. Let's plan for May 14th at 12 p.m., if that works for you. I'll send a WebEx link for the 
videoconference shortly. Please let us know if you have any tech issues/questions about WebEx. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Wednesday, April 21, 2021 1:53 PM 
To: 
I <
> 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
cM
> 
> 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Good afternoon, 
I spoke with 
and she can make herself available the following dates: 
EFTA00010591
--- PAGE 6 ---
May 3, 4 (before 2pm), 5, 6, 12, 13 or 14. 
She is going to take the day off of work, so no need to do it after-hours (thank you for the offer). Let me know 
if you need additional availability. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfinn.coin 
<image001.jpg> 
From: 
Date: Friday, April 16 2021 at 1:31 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: 
(IJSANYS) 
Subject: RE: 
- Epstein 
Thanks very much — let's plan for 9:30 a.m. on Monday, if that works for you. Should I just call your desk line, 
or would you prefer a different number? 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Friday, April 16, 2021 1:00 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Re: 
Hi Allison, 
- Epstein 
Yes, I'm free Monday morning between 9:30 and 12 or Tuesday between 11-3. If that doesn't work 
for you, I can try to move something around. Let me know. 
Have a nice weekend, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00010592
--- PAGE 7 ---
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
c. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Apr 16, 2021, at 11:58 AM, 
Hi Joe, 
) < 
wrote: 
Hope you're doing well. Are you available for a call sometime early next week? Nothing urgent, but we 
wanted to talk with you about potentially scheduling an interview (by video conference) with your client for 
sometime in early May. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Monday, March 8, 20211:54 PM 
To: 
I <
> 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Yes, 10:30 works for me. Thank youl 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
From: 
Date: Monday, March 8, 2021 at 1:32 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: 
EFTA00010593
--- PAGE 8 ---
) 
Subject: RE:MMIW
IM
) - Epstein 
Hi Joe, 
Thanks, hope all is well with you. We're free for a call at 10:30 tomorrow morning, would that work for you? 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Monday, March 8, 2021 1:24 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
HIM, 
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Jul 2, 2020, at 11:09 AM, 
Hi Joe, 
wrote: 
Thanks for reaching out, we were planning to email you. We continue to appreciate your client's 
cooperation with our investigation, and her status from our perspective has not changed. We'll be in touch 
going forwardj 
EFTA00010594
--- PAGE 9 ---
All the best, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Thursday, July 2, 202011:07 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
‘z
=11> 
) 
Subject: Re: 
) - Epstein 
Good morning, 
Hope you are all well. Just wanted to check in after seeing the reports of Ghislaine's arrest. 
you need anything from us, let us know. 
-Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Feb 21, 2020, at 3:53 P 
wrote: 
Joe, 
If 
We very much appreciated that, and we just wanted to let you know that the lack of communication 
separate from that discussion shouldn't be interpreted in any way negatively. We'll certainly be in touch 
again when we're able. 
EFTA00010595
--- PAGE 10 ---
thanks again, 
Mg 
From: Joe Nascimento •c 
Sent: Wednesday, February 19, 2020 15:03 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
We really appreciate this email. I was able to speak with 
a few weeks ago and gave the green light 
to share 
name and information provided with anyone necessary in your investigation. We will 
wait to hear from you if you need anything further. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami, FL 33129 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
From: '
Date: Monday, Februa 
2020 at 3:40 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: 
•• 
Subject: RE: 
) - Epstein 
Joe, 
We just wanted to check in very briefly—we had been hopeful that we'd be able to circle back with you 
earlier, but our investigation is currently still ongoing, so at the very least we wanted to let you know that 
we continue to appreciate both your client's prior assistance and her willingness to assist in the future. 
Nothing in our investigation since we were last substantively in touch has changed our view of your 
client, and we hope to be able to be in touch with you in the coming weeks with an update. In the 
interim, we do continue to view her status as we've previously conveyed, and please let us know if any 
issues arise on your end. 
thank you, 
EFTA00010596
--- PAGE 11 ---
From: 
c
> 
Sent: Saturday, November 30, 2019 14:42 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: 
; 
Subject: Re: 
Hi Joe, 
Thanks for checking in—
appreciate your following up. 
Thanks, 
- Epstein 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 30, 2019, at 8:54 AM, Joe Nascimento < 
Good morning, 
Just wanted to check-in 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirimeoin 
so no issues on our end, but we 
> wrote: 
EFTA00010597
--- PAGE 12 ---
On Sep 9, 2019, at 9:47 PM, 
Joe, 
wrote: 
We will meet tomorrow at the same lace as last time— the Hilton in West Palm Beach, on 
Okeechobee Blvd. My cell is 
when ou arrive. My colleague, 
will be joining us, and he can be reached a 
Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 4, 2019, at 10:46 PM, Joe Nascimento < 
Yes, we will be there. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Sep 4, 2019, at 5:32 PM, 
Hi Joe, 
Thanks for letting us know. Let's plan to meet on Tuesday. Would 11:30 work? 
Thanks, 
> wrote: 
wrote: 
EFTA00010598
--- PAGE 13 ---
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Wednesday, September 4, 2019 10:13 AM 
To: 
I aa 
Cc: 
I
Subject: Re: 
Good morning, 
- Epstein 
Yes, we had to hunker down for 2 days but were spared. Thanks. For next week, the 10th, 
11th or 13th work best for me. Look forward to hearing from you. 
-Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Sep 4, 2019, at 10:04 AM, 
> wrote: 
Hi Joe, 
Hope the storm missed you this week, and that you and your client are doing okay. 
Our team is working out some scheduling issues today, and we should know more by this 
afternoon. I'll plan to reach out then to discuss scheduling, if that's okay. 
Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 30, 2019, at 9:52 AM, Joe Nascimento 
wrote: 
Good morning, 
EFTA00010599
--- PAGE 14 ---
Just wanted to check in to see if you still planned to travel south given the storm. 
Current estimates show a landing (somewhere) Tuesday with very bad weather on 
Wednesday. Airports might close (which will answer my question), but that's a guess. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
C. 
www.crimlavv lirm.com 
On Aug 21, 2019, at 2:40 PM, 
wrote: 
Hi Joe, 
Thanks very much, we'll plan to see you then. We'll most likely meet at a conference space at 
a hotel in West Palm Beach, and I'll let you know closer in time which location. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Monday, August 19, 2019 6:37 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
Hi 
Both the time and date work for us. Let me know the location when you have it 
confirmed. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
) - Epstein 
EFTA00010600
--- PAGE 15 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Aug 19, 2019, at 11:11 AM, 
wrote: 
Joe, 
Following up on scheduling, we were wondering if your client is available for a proffer on 
September 4th. We're flexible on timing that day, but we would propose meeting at 12:30 
p.m., if that works. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Wednesday, August 7, 2019 4:53 PM 
To: 
Icas 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: 
HIM, 
- Epstein 
I just wanted to follow up re the August 14th meeting. Is it possible to schedule for early 
afternoon (anytime after 1)? I have proactive cooperation ongoing in another case involving 
multiple jurisdictions, and they are looking to meet the morning of 8/14. I understand if 
your schedule is already set, and will work around it. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
EFTA00010601
--- PAGE 16 ---
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami, FL 33129 
f. 
e. 
www.erimlawfirm.com 
From: " 
Date: Friday, August 2, 2019 at 3:34 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: 
- Epstein 
Joe, 
Thanks, much appreciated. If possible, it would be helpful to hold August 14th for a 
meeting, and we'll follow up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with 
that date, please let us know, we're happy to be flexible. 
Thanks, 
gc 
From: Joe Nascimento 
>
Sent: Thursday, August 1, 2019 8:10 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
.c=
> 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
ME, 
I do not have any travel plans during the month of August, nor does 
September is 
a busy month with two trials set, and I will be traveling out of the country from Sept 17-30, 
but I will do everything to be as flexible as possible. 
EFTA00010602
--- PAGE 17 ---
Thanks, 
Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami, FL 33129 
f. 
e. 
wvvw.crimlawfirm.com 
From: ' 
r
Date: Thursday, August 1. 2019 at 6:10 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: 
) - Epstein 
Joe, 
As we start thinking about scheduling a next meeting with S 
we were wondering 
if you could please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for 
you or your client for a meeting in Florida (in particular, we don't want to interfere with 
anyone's summer vacation plans). 
We will of course be in touch to talk about a next meeting in more detail, but in the first 
instance it would be helpful to get a sense of your schedules, for planning purposes. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Wednesday, July 17, 2019 6:25 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
I • 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Hi Allison, 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell 
Thanks. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00010603
--- PAGE 18 ---
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Jul 17, 2019, at 5:58 PM, 
wrote: 
Hi Joe, 
Following up, we were wondering if you were available for a call to discuss next steps. 
We're available on Friday at 2:30, if that works, but let us know if there are other times 
that would be more convenient for you. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Saturday, July 13, 2019 12:39 PM 
To: 
I 
Cc: 
>; 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Good afternoon, 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, 
As always, feel free to contact me at any time if we can be of further assistance. Look 
forward to meeting again. 
EFTA00010604
--- PAGE 19 ---
-Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami, FL 33129 
13-
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
From: " 
Date: Thursday, July 11 2019 at 9:07 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
Cc: 
Hi Joe, 
Subject: RE: 
- Epstein 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me 
when you are here, and we will meet you in the lobby. 
Thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
Sent: Thursday, July 11, 2019 9:02 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
< 
< 
> 
Subject: Re: 
- Epstein 
Good evening, 
Have you set a location for our meeting tomorrow? 
Thanks, 
) <
> 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00010605
--- PAGE 20 ---
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami Florida 33129 
t. 
f. 
e. 
www.crimlawfirm.com 
On Jul 10, 2019, at 12:03 PM, 
wrote: 
k 
Thank you, we will plan to see you then in West Palm Beach. We are still 
coordinating logistics, and we will let you know that morning the address where 
we should meet. 
Since we will be travelin 
lease feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us 
for any reason: 
Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 10, 2019, at 11:39 AM, Joe Nascimento 
<1 
cmailto 
wrote: 
Of course 
Sent from my iPhone 
>> 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>2250 S.W. 3<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>rd<x-
apple-data-detectors://2/0><z-apple-data-detectors://2/0> Avenue<x-apple-data-
detectors://2/0> 
<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>Miami Florida 33129<x-apple-data-
detectors://2/0> 
t. 
le i
f. M
::l el 
ft-' 
e. 
mailto 
www.crimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfirtmcornt> 
On Jul 10, 2019, at 11:34 AM, 
EFTA00010606
--- PAGE 21 ---
mailto: 
>> wrote: 
Joe, 
Would it be possible to meet earlier, perhaps at noon on Friday? Thank you. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 9. 2019. at 10:51 PM. Joe Nascimento 
mailto 
<mailto:
>> wrote: 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your 
proffer letter. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>2250 S.W. 3<x-apple-data-cletectors://2/0>rd<x-
apple-data-detectors://2/0><z-apple-data-detectors://2/0> Avenue<x-apple-data-
detectors://2/0> 
<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>Miami Florida 33129<x-apple-data-
detectors://2/0> 
t. 
<Lel 
f.
<Lel 
mailto: 
<mail 
wvvw.crimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfinmcom> 
<http://www.crimlawfinn.com/>
On Jul 9 2019 at 4:56 PM 
: 
mailto: 
<mailt 
> wrote: 
Joe, 
We ended up slotting in a few things in the interim, but we're still good for 6:30 
for sure. 
thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
mailto: 
<mailto: 
EFTA00010607
--- PAGE 22 ---
Sent: Tuesda Jul 09 2019 16:43 
To: 
mailto: 
<mailto
Cc: 
<mailto 
mails.
<mailto:
Subject: Re: 
Hi M, 
mail 
- Epstein 
I got done a little earlier today - do you want to bump up our call time? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>rd<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Avenue<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Miami Florida 33129<x-a le-data-detectors://2/0> 
t. 
<tel: 
<mail 
wvvw.crimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfirm.com> 
<http://www.crimlawfirm.coml> 
On Jul 9 2019 at 10:02 AM Joe Nascimento 
mailto 
<mailto: 
HIM, 
Are you still free for a call? 
> wrote: 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
Miami, FL 33129 
pi
f. 
e. 
mails : 
<mailto: 
www.crimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfirm.com> 
<http://www.crimlawfirm.com> 
From: ' 
" 
mailto: 
EFTA00010608
--- PAGE 23 ---
<mailto: 
Date: Sunday, July 7, 2019 at 10:19 PM 
To: Joe Nascimento 
<mailt.:
Subject: RE: 
I - Epstein 
Joe, 
Sure, thanks — and yes, quite the weekend. If it's alright with you, let's do 10:00 
a.m. on Tuesday — you can reach us at 
, or we can also call you then 
if that's easier, whatever you prefer. 
thanks, 
From: Joe Nascimento 
<mailto: 
Sent: Sumin 
To: 
<mailto: 
Subject: Re: 
HIM, 
mailto 
- Epstein 
No need to take any more time out of what I'm sure was a busy weekend for you. 
Let's set a time for Tuesday morning (the earlier the better for me). Let me know 
what works for you. 
Thanks, 
Joe 
Sent from my iPhone 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>rd<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Avenue<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Miami Florida 33129<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
EFTA00010609
--- PAGE 24 ---
t. 
tel: 
f.  
 tel: 
e. 
mailto: 
<mailt : 
www.crimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfirm.com> 
<http://www.crimlawfirm.comt>
On Jul 7. 2019. at 4:04 PM, 
mailto: 
<mailto: 
> wrote: 
Joe, 
Thank you for reaching out, and we would be happy to schedule a time to speak 
with you. I expect our schedules may be somewhat unpredictable tomorrow; 
would it work to set a time to talk on Tuesday? We can schedule it for before you 
meet with 
, if that's helpful. Or if you'd like to talk sooner, we could 
schedule a time later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon 
discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in 
touch. 
thank you, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: Joe Nascimento 
<mailto:
Sent: Saturda , Jul 06 2019 22:55 
To: 
<mailt : 
Subject: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
<mailto:) 
Date: Jul 
To: 
<mailto: 
<mailto 
<mailto.
Cc: 
<mailto.
Sub'ect: 
mailto 
- Epstein 
6, 2019 at 10:51:09 PM EDT 
mails :
mailto: 
mailto 
-E stein 
EFTA00010610
--- PAGE 25 ---
My former partner, Alan Ross, represented 
prior to his passing in 2018. Agent 
served 
with a grand jury 
subpoena earlier today, and as Alan's former partner and FL Bar appointed 
inventory attorney, she has contacted me. Unfortunately, I am unable to meet with 
her until Tuesday, but I would appreciate a few minutes of your time at your 
convenience as I am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is 
best for you. 
Look forward to speaking with you. 
Best, 
Joe 
Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
2250 S.W. 3<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>rd<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Avenue<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0> 
Miami Florida 33129<x-apple-data-detectors://2/0>
t. 
f. 
  tel 
e. 
mailto: 
<mailto: 
www.erimlawfirm.com<http://www.crimlawfirm.com> 
<http://www.crimlawfirm.cornt> 
<SDNY COVID-19 Visitor Screening Form 05 04 21.pdf> 
EFTA00010611


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010612.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010612.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
(USANYS)" ci
To: ' 
)” 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 19 Aug 2021 18:00:42 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_0013.PNG; IMG_0012.PNG 
Verizon LTE 
1:59 PM 
• 
room service I don't understand 
why I would have to pay for the 
food and then have it reimburse 
to me 
Like a sweet for me and 
and then an adjoining room like 
a regular room that is a decent 
size for everybody to sleep 
I will get you a suit with an 
attached room for the kids. I will 
get mom a separate regular 
room. 
Okay awesome 
Are we going to have room 
service 
I am not permitted to approve 
room service 
s 
wets en, 
• • • 
EFTA00010612
--- PAGE 2 ---
Verizon LTE 
1:58 PM 
just woke me up to tell me 
about the New York trip I would 
like to have my own personal 
sweet that's bigger than my 
mom's because my mom is just 
doing this to see my 
grandmother I am doing this 
because I have been through a 
situation and want to help out 
other people and I don't think 
it's right that my mom gets 
some illusory is room and I 
don't and I would like to have 
room service I don't understand 
why I would have to pay for the 
food and then have it reimburse 
to me 
Like a sweet for me and 
and then an adjoining room like 
a regular room that is a decent 
size for everybody to sleep 
C1 0 
• 
Sent from my iPhone 
• • • 
EFTA00010613


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010614.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010614.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
" 
To: =NY) 
(FBI)" .M.IMM
>, 
Cc: 
, " I. 
USANYS " 
Subject: RE: agent communications 
Date: Sun, 22 Aug 2021 19:11:42 +0000 
Hi all, 
Following up on this, can you let me know whether we're on track for this deadline? Apologies for pestering, but we'll 
need to make this deadline in order to meet our court-ordered 3500 deadline. 
Thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, August 10, 2021 6:09 PM 
To: 
(FBI) •::
>; 
Cc: 
Subject: agent communications 
(USANYS) 
Hi 
and 
'nd 
I spoke about this today, but I wanted to recap our conversation in an email so that everyone is on the same 
page about what types of communications we'll need you to gather. As we discussed, we would like to receive these 
materials no later than September 10, so that we have enough time to review and process them for 3500 productions. 
I'll send around a calendar invitation so that everyone can keep track of the deadline. There are two categories of 
materials to gather: 
• For 
and anyone else at C20 or working with C20 (including victim specialists in New York or 
elsewhere): 
• We will need any and all communications with witnesses, or attorneys for witnesses. 
• This includes all electronic communications, including emails and text messages. 
• We will need these materials for all witnesses, regardless of whether they are testifying or not, and 
regardless of whether they were part of the Maxwell phase of the investigation. 
• Fo 
and 
• We will need all of their communications, reports, or other writings about the Epstein/Maxwell 
investigation, both internal and external. 
• We will need all forms of electronic communications — documents, emails, text messages, chats/instant 
messages, or anything else. 
• This also includes any type of report or notes (formal or informal) in connection with this case. 
Thanks, 
EFTA00010614
--- PAGE 2 ---
Assistant United States Attorney 
EFTA00010615


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010616.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010616.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: "Huffier, Florence (OCME)" < 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA Release 
Date: Mon, 23 Aug 2021 13:48:10 +0000 
Thank you! 
From: Hutner, Florence (OCME) 
Sent: Monday, August 23, 2021 9:44 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA Release 
Thanks, and CONGRATULATIONS!! 
Best of luck with everything. 
Florence Hutner 
General Counsel 
Office of Chief Medical Examiner 
Tel: • 
Mobile: 
The information contained in this e-mail communication may be confidential andtor legally privileged and is for the use of the intended 
recipient only. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended 
recipient. the dissemination, distribution or reproduction of this communication or its contents (including any attachments) is prohibited. 
If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e-mail and permanently delete it and 
any copies from your system files. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, August 23, 2021 9:41 AM 
To: Hutner, Florence (OCME) 
Cc: 
Subject: (EXTERNAL) RE: Epstein FOIA Release 
< 
THIS MESSAGE IS FROM AN EXTERNAL SENDER 
Use caution when clicking on links or attachments and never provide your username or password. Not sure? Report 
this email to phish@cybernyc.gov. 
Hi Florence, 
Yes as to (a). We produced the autopsy report to (b) but they have not published it yet. 
I'm also copying the prosecutor on the 
case, 
who should be able to be a contact for you in 
anything related to Epstein for the near term, as I'm planning to be out 
Thank you, 
EFTA00010616
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Hutner, Florence (OCME) 
Sent: Monday, August 23, 2021 9:17 AM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA Release 
cS> 
i 
I hope all is well, and that you're staying both dry and safe these days. 
We received a request for Epstein's toxicology report from someone who appears to be a member of the public. Before 
we respond, I want to confirm (a) that the federal investigation into Epstein's death has concluded, at least insofar as we 
would need to withhold documents on the basis of any ongoing investigation, and (b) whether you know if the NYT has 
published any of the redacted autopsy report that your office provided to them. 
Thanks in advance for your help. 
Best, 
Florence Hutner 
General Counsel 
Office of Chief Medical Examiner 
Tel: • 
Mobile: 
The information contained in this e-mail communication may be confidential andkir legally privileged and is for the use of the intended 
recipient only. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended 
recipient, the dissemination, distribution or reproduction of this communication or its contents (including any attachments) is prohibited. 
If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e-mail and permanently delete it and 
any copies from your system files. 
From: 
Sent: Friday, July 2, 20213:18 PM 
To: Hutner, Florence (OCME) 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA Release 
Florence, 
The redacted autopsy reported, as produced to the Times, is attached. I provided notice to Mark Epstein's attorney this 
morning. 
Have a good holiday weekend. 
< 
From: Hutner, Florence (OCME) 
Sent: Thursday, July 1, 2021 11:39 AM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA Release 
Thanks very much on both counts. 
Florence Hutner 
General Counsel 
Office of Chief Medical Examiner 
EFTA00010617
--- PAGE 3 ---
Tel: • 
Mobile: 
The information contained in this e-mail communication may be confidential andfor legally privileged and is for the use of the intended 
recipient only. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended 
recipient, the dissemination, distribution or reproduction of this communication or its contents (including any attachments) is prohibited. 
If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e-mail and permanently delete it and 
any copies from your system files. 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, July 1, 2021 11:38 AM 
To: Hutner, Florence (OCME) 
Subject: Epstein FOIA Release 
Hi Florence, 
< 
Following up on our call yesterday, we will send you a copy of the redacted autopsy report tomorrow, after it's produced. 
We also intend to call Mark Epstein's lawyer tomorrow morning to give her a courtesy head's up about the release. 
Thanks, 
U.S. Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
Desk 
Cell 
EFTA00010618


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010619.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010619.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
II 
To: ai
l 'a 
a
Subject: 
Date: The, 24 Aug 2021 00:14:50 +0000 
Attachments: USGME00444198 native.pdf 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00010619


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010620.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010620.pdf
----------------------------------------
S Depal• .e.71 
Aviation Safety 
of Tor'sportfition 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
Date of Issue: July 22, 2021 
N550GP LLC 
ONTARIO, CA 
91764-5496 
Ilili,...III,..1.II.,.I..I.I.I..I.illil...II,.1.1..1.1.....111 
Fa \ 
ATTENTION: IATS 
Oklah ma i , Oklahoma 73125-0504 
Toll Free: 
WEB Address: 
T216269 
This facsimile must be carried in the Aircraft as a Temporary Certificate of 
Registration for 
N550GP GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) Serial 5173 and is valid until Aug 
21, 2021. 
This is not an airworthiness certificate. For airworthiness information, contact the nearest 
Federal Aviation Administration Flight Standards District Office. 
for 
Acting Manager, Aircraft Registration Branch 
Federal Aviation Administration 
REGALFAX-4 (02/21) 
EFTA00010620
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00010621
--- PAGE 3 ---
eva\vz)‘\
;€ peg 
ries ‘S‘c,2'" 
P" • 
DECLARATION 
of 
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS 
The undersigned owner of aircraft N 55c4P , Manufacturer  Gulfstream ilense-te 
Model  6 V SP 
 Serial Number 5173 
declares that this aircraft is scheduled to make an international flight' on  7- 2S ata21•
(due) 
as flight Number 
departing  awl-Grua it..1.42en 
0(20 
(City/Sate) 
with a destination of  
Ai/spies I tn.l9 (L/ RN) 
 • 
(City(CountrY) 
•urrequired route between two points in the United States involves international navigation, explain under 
Comments below, e.g. "partly over Canada" or "partly in international airspace".i 
Expedited registration in support of this international flight is requested this 
A) sf- 
 day of 
21 
 with knowledge that: 
Whoever, in any matter within the jurisdiction of the executive branch of the 
Government of the United States, knowingly and willfully makes or uses any 
false wilting or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, 
fictitious or fraudulent statement of representation shall be fined under Title 18 
United States Code or imprisoned not more than 5 years. or both. 18 U.S.C. 
§1001(a). 
Name of Owner 
Signature 
Typed Name and Title of Signer 
Phone: 
Comments: 
N550GP, LLC 
Fax: ci
t  CAR COPY 
Inarla-5Ce 
required route between two points in the United States involves international 
navigation, explain under comments below, e.g. "partly over Canada" or "partly in 
international airspace".l 
Comments: Please fax the flying time wire to Insured Aircraft Title Service inc. at IN 
Filed b : 
Insured Aircraft T 
ervice LLC 
Phone 
Accepted CF Jul/22/2021 
EFTA00010622
--- PAGE 4 ---
FILED WITH FM 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION SR 
2021 JUL 22 AM 8: 10 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010623
--- PAGE 5 ---
Q
Depertnani 
ASSIGNMENT OF SPECIAL 
REGISTRATION NUMBERS 
Special Registration Number 
N550GP 
Aircraft Make and Model 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) 
Present Registration Number 
N212IE 
u.s, 
of Traesponaton 
FORM Aviation 
Administration 
Serial Number 
5173 
Issue Date: 
Feb 24, 2021 
ICAO AIRCRAFT ADDRESS CODE FOR NSS0GP - 51600017 
N550GP LW 
This is your authority to change 
the United States registration 
number on the above described 
aircraft to the special 
registration number shown. 
ONTARIO CA 917645496 
Carty duplicate of this form in the 
III  
 IIIIIIIIILIIIIIMIIIIIIMILIIIIIIIII.IIII 
111 
aircraft together with the 
old registration certificate as 
mtaim authority to operate the 
aircraft pending receipt of revised 
certificate of aircraft registration. 
The 'ant FAA For. Si 30-6, 
Applicadon For Airworthiness 
on file h dated: 
Mx 07, 2008 
The airworthiness classification 
and category: 
STD TRANSP 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
SIGN AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL of this form to the Civil Aviation Registry, Aircraft Registration Branch, within 5 days 
after the special registration number is placed on the aircraft. A revised certificate of aircraft registration will then be issued. 
Obtain a revised certificate of airworthiness from your nearest Flight Standards District Office. 
The authority to ate the special number expires: Feb 24, 2022 
CERTIFICATION: I ratify that the special registration number was placed 
RETURN FORM TO: 
on the surfeit descnbal above. 
Civil Aviation Registry 
Signature of Ovoser:./
- 7— - 
-----
agaliation 
Branch 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73125-0504 
roam a-5 cir 
Tide of Owner 
C-AsiittCaeratatk-fit-649Firse_ 
Date Placed as Austell: 
-1 9 -aoa i 
AC FORM 105044 (5/2105) Stowneelet Prevents ttillioa 
Return Certificate of Registration to 
OA.JnS
Accepted CF Jul/22/2021 
EFTA00010624
--- PAGE 6 ---
.
.
•
FILED WITH FAA 
Amea
c 
.(21 JUL 20 1119 7 31 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAhOMA 
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
21121 BAR 26 AN S 32 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010625
--- PAGE 7 ---
S Departure-t 
Aviation Safety 
of 1 ra-spolation 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
Date of Issue: February 24, 2021 
N550GP LLC 
ONTARIO, CA 
91764-5496 
II.I.,...III,..1.II,,,I..l.l.l..I..11.l...11,.1.1..1.1.....111 
Oklahoma Ci . Oklahoma 73125.0504 
Toll Free: 
WEB Address: 
I cIN 
HAND DELIVERED TO IN THE PD ROOM 
T211438 
This facsimile must be carried in the Aircraft as a Temporary Certificate of 
Registration for 
N212JE GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) Serial 5173 and is valid until Mar 
26, 2021. 
This is not an airworthiness certificate. For airworthiness information, contact the nearest 
Federal Aviation Administration Flight Standards District Office. 
Acting Manager, Aircraft Registration Branch 
Federal Aviation Administration 
for 
REGAR•FAX4 (02/21) 
EFTA00010626
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00010627
--- PAGE 9 ---
LETTER OF EXTENSION 
(For Authority to Operate an Aircraft Pending Registration ) 
The authority to operate Aircraft N212JE. GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP 
(G550). SIN 5173 is extended for 120 days from the date stamped below, or until the 
Certificate of Aircraft Registration (AC Form 8050-3) is issued, whichever date occurs 
first. 
CF 
DATE 
Feb 24, 2021 
This Letter of Extension must be carried in the aircraft with a copy of the aircraft 
registration application as temporary authority to continue to operate the aircraft without 
registration within the United States. This is not an authorization to operate the aircraft 
without an appropriate Airworthiness Certificate (FAA Form 8100-2 or 8130-7), or its 
equivalent. 
U.S. Department 
of Transportation 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
Civil Aviation Registry 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73125-0504 
REGAR-37 (08/19) 
EFTA00010628
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00010629
--- PAGE 11 ---
Return 
Getliiicaieof 
ReglStfg101-1 to 
%0N5 A 
DECLARATION 
of 
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS 
The undersigned owner of aircraft N212JE 
, Manufacturer  Gulfstreem Ararseee... 
Model  6550 
(;v-So 
 Serial Number 5173 
declares that this aircraft is scheduled to make an international flight* on 02-26-2021 
 , 
(date) 
as flight Number N212JE 
 departingChlno/Califomla 
(City/State) 
with a destination of Cabo San Lucas/Mexico 
(City/Country) • 
required route between two points in the United States involves international navigation, explain under 
Comments below, e.g. "partly over Canada" or "partly in international airspace".) 
Expedited registration in support of this international flight is requested this 
 day of February 
21 
with knowledge that: 
Whoever, in any matter within the jurisdiction of the executive branch of the 
Government of the United States, knowingly and willfully makes or uses any 
false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, 
fictitious or fraudulent statement of representation shall be fined under Title 18 
United States Code or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. 18 U.S.C. 
§1001(a). 
Name of Owner 
Signature 
Typed Name and Title of Signer 
Phone: 
Comments: 
N550GP, LLC 
Fax: 
CAR COPY 
CFo O v 
I11.., rivexAziar 
*[If required route between two points in the United States involves international 
navigation, explain under comments below, e.g. "partly over Canada" or "partly in 
international airspace".] 
Comments: Please fax the flying time wire to Insured Aircraft Title Service Inc. at ■ 
Filed b : 
Insured Aircraft Title Service LLC 
Phone 
EFTA00010630
--- PAGE 12 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
Zell FEB 23 AN II: 09 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010631
--- PAGE 13 ---
A 
ACTION 
J Nco-
Insured Aircraft Tide Service, LLC 
T 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
CENTRAL RECORDS DIVISION 
OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA 
Date:  
February 11, 2021 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
Please Reserve N 
in NAME ONLY for: 
elk*** 
fi t 
N# CHANGE REQUEST 
Please Regrve N  
550GP" 
 and asssgn for the following aircraft: 
N  212JE  Make  
Gulfstream Aerospace 
 Model  
GV-SP (G550) 
 Serial # 
5173 
Which is (1) being purchased by 
XX 
 (2) registered to  
XX
N550GP LLC 
Ontario, CA 91764 
Payment of the required $10.00 fee per number to reserve/assign is attached. If the preferred N number is not 
available, please contact the undersigned for a selection of a new number. Please send the confirmation of 
reservation/8050-64 form to Insured Aircraft Title Service, LLC in the Public Documents room of the FAA. 
Additional Information: **Relinquishment Attached 
2lett:"14.1.0,137 
Requested b 
Fee: 
$20.00 
TZ0Z/ZZ/Tne JO Pold000V 
EFTA00010632
--- PAGE 14 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTWION BR 
1011 FEB I I PM 2:02 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010633
--- PAGE 15 ---
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA - DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION - MIKE MONRONEY AERONAUTICAL CENTER 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION APPLICATION 
I) (INTED STATES 
REGISTRATION 
N 212.1E 
NUMBER 
O 
i nctoeuel 
4) TYPE OF REGISTRATION 
O 
PorIPO.NO 
O 
cocornon 
Gout
MANUFACTURER 
O 3 Gorr/rant 
,C1,ock ono tot, 
L
to] Unday Crowe ILLCI 
O 
8en 
Nan-CAten Capweean 
ID 9. nanCistenCorpcoacnCo-O•xxx 
a) 
AIRCRAFT 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE. GV-SP (G550) 
AND 10000. 
3) NRCRAn 
SEMI 
5173 
NUMBER 
it 
NAME(S) OF APPLICANT(S) persor(s) stow, ch than* at [Ann 
If inavotei gow last nano !IC nfl ale mem) 'mai I 
MSSOGR, LLC 
I) TELEPHONE NUMBER ( 909 ) 
354.8000 
7) NAILING 
NUMBER 
RURAL 
ore, 
ADDRESS (Pernerent no; nee, fan Nan IFIIML) 
AND Si REE I 
_ 
ROUTE 
P.O. 00x 
Ontario 
STATE CA 
ZIP: 
917#34 
II) PHYSICAL 
NUMBER 
OESCRIPTION 
LOCATION 
are 
ACCRESSA.00ATIONf PO ROY MAIL WPM: Mau ea RE w‘x town FIR feed, IN4 ATORFM 
AND STREET 
OF 
STATE 
ZIP 
I) • 
CHECK HERE IF YOU ARE ONLY REPORTING A CHANGE OF ADDRESS 
Woe 
(I) 
TM 
(2) If sanest 
(3) 
That 
(4) 
Trott 
Bre 
knoMeclae 
understand 
any 
belt 
folaiOus 
registraten 
10) 
CERTIFICATION 
I. b. c. of 9) 
CERTIFY: 
the nye mitre is 00300 by Me trenniappkare WV It MOT CHECKANII'OR COVPLETE 
a a A nen a le  Urns an as defnaa by 49 USC 4e1O2(4)(15). 
• 
b A rilLOOnt Mr von Mon recesenon (Fan 1.561) NO. 
• 
C. A rmAcezen oxpooton Denied and en bursa under the In don) 
end sod toe 
is ten end Mtn 
LAW In me untied Stn. Recut of light hours we rein 
Ay Inspection at (geode complete physical seeress) 
O 
A *Onion viong • KAN mm  lo quaff. En Mae of Imes* 
bocce' a to. 9 awaked. I. MOS. signed, whey relish 0.010r1ra by TO appeal shown took to or 0:41X4Ot ocetaterwa Be 10
•eg. mat on on tine a Po Wily Be 'MIAMI prows* the in 
authOreinon fl fettuesIed. 
Pe a •.;y4P is act renared wider TO Ian of any %mon 03urOy. mad 
legal nem* of comenhp 3 sena of Nee On flee Awl the Fen AwMon Artnnsesool. 
ANY MO ALL SIGNATORIES OF THIS APPLICATION MUST READ THE FOLLOWING AND UNDERSTAND THAT. BY APPLYING 
A SIGNATURE TO MS DOCUMENT. THEY ARE SUBJECT TO THE REFERENCED STATUTES AND ASSOCIATED PENALTIES. 
hereby certify tat the Prrionnalon provided to &envoy acaolynent to, the appicaton br aircraft registration Is PUB, emirate and Ored to the best of mybur 
and tekd. Pee understand that the FM adminurabr wi rely cn the irlormalen Owe proyde in damning my.bur cwal 'cal& for araaft registrator. two 
that:nom:4x. n any mars *igen the lueedtton of any degartmcol or agency*: the UMW Stales, basin* end *telly latifes. conceals. oe cows up by 
ea stherre, or demo any mama' fac(s), statement(s), tic esentalon(s) or entryies) may be And up to $500,000 or imp-soled for rot more Than Ave (5) )ears cc 
(18 U.S.C. §§ 1001 and 3571). INN understand that le knewagly and *Italy a) falsify or corceal a material fact or b) use a dsaimeni krowng it con Ons a false. 
or fratekileet shthernententry, ore) provide any inaccurate. false slaterentinfonnahan can sJbject me to cannel prosen,4tion 149 U.S.C. § 46336). and the 
dee subset amen may be delayed, denied ander renoked. 
NOTE: If executed to co-OrMerShip. all applicants must Sc'. Use next pay  and add page(s) A necessary. 
11) 
SIGNATURE: Digital& 91 Fled liVillMli 
MINN .,..
febT4PFT90 
DATE 
12-22-2020 
TYPED/PRINTED 
NAME: 
TITLE: Manager of Frontier JV LLC, its Member 
12) 
SIGNATURE: 
DATE 
TYPED/PRINTED 
NAME 
TIE' 
NOTE: Fame when the most Mehl fe361/SO011 of the sonata aircraft Is expired or Cancelled 14 CFR 41.31(c) provides for an airworthy 
U.S. amsraft to be operated for up to 90 days Welt, the Untied States when a copy of the signed airaah registration am:Mr-aeon is carried 
in the aircraft whet awaiting issuance and receipt of the new registraton certifKate. 
Accepted GC Feb/24/2021 
AC Form eceo-i (oW20) 
?age I 
EFTA00010634
--- PAGE 16 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
2020 DEC 22 ;14 ID 53 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010635
--- PAGE 17 ---
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT BILL OF SALE 
FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF $ 1.00 + OVC THE 
UNDERSIGNED OWNER(S) OF THE FULL 
LEGAL 
AND BENEFICIAL TITLE OF THE AIRCRAFT 
DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: 
UNITED STATES 
REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N 212JE 
AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURER & MODEL 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE, GV-SP (G550) 
AIRCRAFT SERIAL No. 
5173 
DOES THIS 
22nd 
DAY OF December 
2020 
HEREBY SELL, GRANT, TRANSFER AND 
DELIVER ALL RIGHTS, TITLE, AND INTERESTS 
IN AND TO SUCH AIRCRAFT UNTO: 
OMB Control No. 2120-0012 
Exp. 04/30/2017 
Do Not Writs In This Block 
FOR FAA USE ONLY 
PURCHASER 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
(IF INDMDUAL(S). GIVE LAST NAME. FIRST NAME, AND MIDDLE INITIAL.) 
N550GP LLC 
Ontario, CA 91764 
DEALER CERTIFICATE NUMBER 
AND TO ITS SUCCESSORS 
E.W.GOLCAL-ADMSNISZRATQRS. AND ASSIGNS TO HAVE AND TO HOLD 
SINGULARLY THE SAID AIRCRAFT FOREVER, AND WARRANTS THE TIRE THEREOF. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF 
HAVE SET 
MY 
HAND AND SEAL THIS 22nd 
DAY OF Dec., 2020 
NAME(S) OF SELLER 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
SIGNATURE(S) 
(IN INK) (IF EXECUTED FOR 
CO-OWNERSHIP, ALL MUSTSIGN. 
TITLE 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
Six G Aviation LLC 
Di stagy signeuaill 
Manager 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT (NOT REQUIRED FOR PURPOSES OF FM RECORDING: HOWEVER, MAY BE REQUIRED BY LOCAL LAW FOR 
VALIDITY OF THE INSTRUMENT.) 
ORIGINAL' TO FAA' 
AC Form 8050-2 (01/12) (NSN 0052-00429-0003) 
GC009140 Conveyance Recorded Feb/24/2021 04:21 PM FAA 
EFTA00010636
--- PAGE 18 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
2020 DEC 22 VI lO: 53 
OKLAHOMA WI? 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010637
--- PAGE 19 ---
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT BILL OF SALE 
FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF $ 1.00 + OVC THE 
UNDERSIGNED OWNERS) OF THE FULL 
LEGAL 
AND BENEFICIAL TITLE OF THE AIRCRAFT 
DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: 
UNITED STATES 
REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N 212JE 
AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURER & MODEL 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE, GV-SP (G550) 
AIRCRAFT SERIAL No. 
5173 
DOES THIS 
22nd 
DAY OF December 
2020 
HEREBY SELL, GRANT, TRANSFER AND 
DELIVER ALL RIGHTS, TITLE, AND INTERESTS 
IN AND TO SUCH AIRCRAFT UNTO: 
OMB Control No. 2120-0042 
Exp. 04/30/2017 
Do Not Wnte In This Block 
FOR FAA USE ONLY 
PURCHASER 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
(IF INDIVIDUAL(S). GIVE LAST NAME. FIRST NAME. AND MIDDLE INITIAL.) 
Six G Aviation LLC 
DEALER CERTIFICATE NUMBER 
AND TO ITS SUCCESSORS 
rvcriroin t DAn'ASTENT414. AND ASSIGNS TO HAVE AND TO HOLD 
SINGULARLY THE SAID AIRCRAFT FOREVER, AND WARRANTS THE TITLE THEREOF: 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF 
HAVE SET 
MY 
HAND AND SEAL THIS 
22nd DAY OF Dec 2020 
en 
NAME(S) OF SELLER 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
SIGNATURE(S) 
(IN INK) (IF EXECUTED FOR 
CO-OWNERSHIP, ALL MUSTSIGN. 
TITLE 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
Plan D, LLC 
Digitally signed by LAWRENCE VISOSKI 
itysivihmagdmpaskikcp000mx 
Manager 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT (NOT REQUIRED FOR PURPOSES OF FM RECORDING: HOWEVER. MAY BE REQUIRED BY LOCAL LAW FOR 
VALIDITY OF THE INSTRUMENT.) 
ORIGINAL: TO FAA 
AC Form 8050-2 (01/12) (NSN 0052-00429-0003) 
GC009139 Conveyance Recorded Feb/24/2021 04:20 PM FAA 
EFTA00010638
--- PAGE 20 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
2020 DEC 22 Al IO 53 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010639
--- PAGE 21 ---
DOCUMENT LEVEL ANNOTATIONS FOR DOCUMENT ARE012112330 
Agency Tracking ID: 76060977022 $5.00 12-22-2020 
EFTA00010640
--- PAGE 22 ---
EFTA00010641
--- PAGE 23 ---
ClocuSIgn Envelope ID: 7E781336-7F28-41F4-9361.8283DC960592 
PRINT PAGE 1 
PRIVACY ACT STATEMENT 
OMR Caere, Helga 2120-0729 
auras 0531/2014 
Paperwork Reduction Act Statement The trtorrnautsn collected on tins form Is necessary to maintain Moan regletration. We estimate that it we take approximately 30 minutes 
to complete the form Please note that an agency rosy not conduct or sponsor, and • person isnot required lo respond to. • collection of informaton unless n *Splint • gelid 
OMB control number. Form Approved, OMB No. 2120-0721 'Comments concemMg the easurecy of this bwden and suggestions for reducing me Ihrderi should be directed to 
the FAA at 400 Independence Menus SW. mishaps.. DC 20591. ATTN: irdormation Colleceon Clearance Censer. AES•200.' 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION - FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION RENEWAL APPLICATION 
FAILURE TO RENEW REGISTRATKW WNL 
RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF REGISTRATION 
AND REGISTRATION NUMBER ASSIGNMENT 
(Sae 14 C.F.R yg 47.15(i), 47.40 end 47.49 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N 212JE 
MANUFACTURER 
Gulfstream Aerospace 
DATE OF ISSUANCE 
 DATE OF EXPIRATION 
3-31-2017 
 3.31-2020 
SERIAL NUMBER 
5173 
MODEL 
GV-SP (G550) 
ENTER REGISTERED OWNER(S) & ADDRESS FROM FAA FILE 
(owns, 1) Plan 0 LLC 
(Owner 2)  
t121L Enter any addle:mar owner names on page two 
(Address) 
(AddresS) 
City  St. Thomas 
 State VI 
Zip  00802 
Country 
Virgin Islands USA 
Physical Address: Required when mailing address is a P.O Box or mm drop 
(Address) 
(Address) 
City  
 State 
Zip  
Celsetly 
TO RENEW REGISTRATION: Rnisvy awcrafl reg.stratIon information. 
SELECT ter eppropdate statement FNTFR  any change In address in the 
spaces below. Eat 
form with the 35 renewal fee to the: 
FAA Aircraft Registry. 
Oklahoma City OK 73125-0504. or 
by courier to: 8425 S 
mg oom 118, Oklahoma City OK 73189-5937 
O 
I (WE)CERTIFY, THE !SECS) AND ADDRESSES FROM THE FM FILES 
FOR THE OWNER(S) OF THIS AIRCRAFT ARE CORRECT, OWNERSHIP 
MEETS CITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENTS Of 14 CFR 547.3, AIRCRAFT IS 
NOT REGISTERED UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
UPDATE THE MAILING / PHYSICAL ADDRESS AS SHOWN BELOW. 
I (WE) CERTIFY THE: NAME(S) SHOWN ABOVE FOR THE OWNER(S) OF 
THIS AIRCRAFT IS CORRECT. OWNERSHIP MEETS THE CITIZENSHIP 
REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR 547.3. AIRCRAFT IS NOT REGISTERED 
UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
NEW MNUNG AD 
Go Kellerhals Ferauson Kroblin PLLC 
St. Thomas USVI 00802 
NEW PHYSICAL ADDRESS: complele if physical address has changed, or 
the new mailing address is a PO Box or Mall Drop. 
C1O Kellerhals Ferguson Kroblin PLLC 
St.
 USVI 00802 
TYPE OF REGISTRATION 
LLC 
HELPFUL INFORMATION 
Review Aircraft Registration File Information for this aircraft 
at: httplireigistry.faaiovrairoraftitxtuini. 
Assistance may be obtained 
al our web pep: htti ffrectietry fga govireritmeoiggegoo, 
by e-mad et 
by te'epnore at ta2SIL"gilliWna221
(846) 162 • 9434 (toll free). or 
When mailing fees, pease um a check or money order made 
payabe to the Federal AvIabon Administration. 
Signature and Tills Requirements for Common Registration Types: 
• Individual 
owner must sign. title would be 'owner'. 
Pertrnesne 
general partner signs showing 'general garbler' as title. 
• Corpormice 
corporate officer or manager signs, showing full title. 
- Limited liability Co aultronzed member. manager. or officer identiSed in the 
LLC orgaruevon document signs, stewing kit We. 
Co-owner 
each co-owner must sign. showing 'meaner as NW 
• Government 
authorized person must sign and showtheirMIMe. 
Note: All signatures must be In Ink, or other permanent media. 
To correct 
Draw a angle line through error. Mike correct entry In 
remaining space, or complete the form online. An application form wdl be 
rejected if any entry is covered by corrector, tape or similarly obsosed 
TO CANCEL THE REGISTRATION FOR THIS AIRCRAFT: 
CHECK as applicable blocks below. COMPLETE AIGh. DATE 8 MAIL INS 
form with any fees to the FAA Ascraft Registry. 
ON. OK, 73125-O504, or by courler to: 
Oklahoma City OK 73169-6937 
D CANCELLATION OF REGISTRATION IS REQUESTED. 
O 
THE AIRCRAFT WAS SOLD TO: 
(Show purchasers rams and address.) 
ED THE AIRCRAFT IS DESTROYED OR SCRAPPED. 
K 
THE AIRCRAFT WAS EXPORTED TO: 
O 
OTHER, Specify  
K 
PLEASE RESERVE 14-NUMBER IN THE OWNER'S NAME 
AND ADDRESS. The $10 reservallon fee Is enclosed. 
SIGNATURE OF O 
oftlefamsd IWdI 
taturumt- Usesti 
SIGNATURE OF O 
Feited2Fases 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
Lawrence Visoski 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
(required Said) 
TITLE 
(requred held) 
Manager
TITLE 
DATE 
2-21-2020
DATE 
Use page 2 for additional signatures. 
AC Form 8050-1B (04/12) 
200521518371 
Return Certificate of Registration tii3 Q° 02/21/2°20
LASTS 
Accepted CW Feb/27/2020 
EFTA00010642
--- PAGE 24 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
2020 FEB 21 PM 3: 12 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010643
--- PAGE 25 ---
S Orparenerr 
of Tranapontorn 
Federal Aviation 
Admndstrabon 
ASSIGNMENT OF SPECIAL 
REGISTRATION NUMBERS 
Special Registration Number 
N2IZIE 
Aircraft Make and Model 
GULFSTREAN1 AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) 
Present Registration Number 
N415LM 
Serial Number 
5173 
Issue Date: 
Aug 23, 2017 
This is your authority to change 
the United Slain registration 
number oo the above described 
aircraft to ihe special 
registration number shown. 
ICAO AIRCRAFT ADDRESS CODE FOR N212TE - 50340675 
PLAN D LLC 
ST THOMAS VI VI 00802 
Carry duplicate of this form in the 
aircraft together with the 
old registration certificate as 
irderim authority to operate the 
aircraft pent,* receipt of revised 
certificate of registration.
Obtain • revised certificate of 
airworthiness from your near-
est flight Standards Districl 
Office. 
The West FAA Form 8130-6, 
Application For Airworthiness 
on fie is dated: 
Mar 07, 2008 
The airworthiness dassilication 
and category: 
SID TRANS? 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
SIGN AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL of this form to the Civil Aviation Registry, AFS-750, within 5 days after the special 
registration number is placed on the aircraft. A revised certificate will then be issued 
The authority to use the special number expires: Aug 23, 2018 
CERTIFICATION; I certify that the spec. 
istration number was placed 
on the aircraft described above. 
444/46;oc-E 
/ 
0..s*X;I:
Signature of Owner 
Title of Owner /}2.47v,4 
. PAN 1), LL c 
Date Placed on Aircraft (Li 
aaer 
g 
" 
0? O / 
AC FORM MS0-64 (5/7005) Sapereedes PrtMoin Ulnae 
RETURN FORM TO: 
Civil Aviation Registry, AFS-750 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73125.0504 
EFTA00010644
--- PAGE 26 ---
FILED WITH FM 
AIRCRAFT RES'ISTs.
T9.71!! !IR 
2018 JAN S Pa 11 95 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010645
--- PAGE 27 ---
PLAN D, LLC Gulfstream G550 Serial #5173 
as U.S.V.I. Quarters B3 00802 
08/07/2017 
To Whom it may concern / Ms Nancy, 
FAA Registry, 
At this time I'm requesting approval to apply N number N212JE to our Gulfstream G550 which is currently N4151.M. 
I have already pay the $10.00 Fee from past ooncspondence,. 
Please mail the 8050-64 / Assignment of Special Registration Numbers to my airport address below if possible: 
Plan D LLC do 
Visoski Atlantic Aviation 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
Thank you. 
Visoslu 
Manager, 
.1
m
lan D LLC 
81.0e/Vtiuer 
EFTA00010646
--- PAGE 28 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION BR 
2017 AUG 9 API 11 05 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010647
--- PAGE 29 ---
DOCUMENT LEVEL ANNOTATIONS FOR DOCUMENT ARE008895928 
Receipt # 171881203014 $10.00 07/07/2017 
EFTA00010648
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA00010649
--- PAGE 31 ---
U S Department 
of Transportation 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
Date of Issue: March 31, 2017 
PLAN D LLC 
ST THOMAS, VI VI 00802 
Flight Standards Service 
Aircraft Registration Branch, 
AFS-760 
HAND DELIVERED TO IATS IN THE PD ROOM 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73125-0604 
Toll Free: 
WEB Address: 
T 172058 
This facsimile must be carried in the Aircraft as a Temporary Certificate of 
Registration for 
N4I5LNI GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) Serial 5173 and is valid until Apr 
30, 2017. 
This is not an airworthiness certificate. For airworthiness information, contact the nearest 
Federal Aviation Administration Flight Standards District Office. 
IME 
for 
Manager, Aircraft Registration Branch, AFS-750 
Federal Aviation Administration 
MS-730-FAX-4 (01 141 
EFTA00010650
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA00010651
--- PAGE 33 ---
• r 
'insnititr. 'A • 
DECLARATION 
of 
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS 
The undersigned owner of aircraft N 4 I 5 
 Manufacturer  6 uLFs446-4.,-k. AerodfaCe 
Model av- 3__e 
( G 550 ) 
 Serial Number  
5/ 73 
declares that this aircraft is scheduled to make an international flight* on AP ;t 3"2917 
. 
(date) 
as flight Number  t/ 15 L Adk 
 departing  OCTE13) lee,-ree/e0 NJ 
[Ci
r) 
with a destination of Cl/ 571 s")- 
ty/slu
OS If 14*4/7-assa S 
(City1Counvy) 
'tilt required route between two points in the United States involves international navigation. explain under 
Comments below. e.g. "partly over Canada" or "panty in international airspace".] 
Expedited registration in support of this international flight is requested this 
,779 " 
 day of  ,mn./....11 
/7  with knowledge that: 
Whoever, in any matter within the jurisdiction of the executive branch of the 
Government of the United States. knowingly and willfully makes or uses any 
false writing or document knowing the same to contain arty materially false, 
fictitious or fraudulent statement of representation shall be fined under Title 18 
United States Code or imprisoned not mote than 5 years, or both. I8 U.S.C. 
§1001(a). 
Name of Owner 
Signature 
Typed Name and Title of Signer 
Phone: _ 
Comments: 
?Lilo 
LiwaLee. dsase 
Fax: 
Please seed the Fly Time Wire to TATS via fax number 
/k1A,infif.be 
r•-• •• Please return the Certificate of Registration to IATS via the PD Room at the FAA. 
Return Certificate 
Reiistr tion to: 
• 
EFTA00010652
--- PAGE 34 ---
A.113W 
1011117110 
VPONV7E0 
110 :11 V eta?! Ile 
NOIIVIIIS193e1 
AdVt1.78!? 
tete RIM 031Id 
EFTA00010653
--- PAGE 35 ---
U.S. Department 
of Tramoortaten 
Frame *ease 
1.4a4aNdroto 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA - DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
Federal Aviation Administration -Mite Mortrormy Aeronautical Center 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION APPLICATION 
LIPIREDSWita 
namn 
4t5Lal 
lest 
TYPE OF REWSTRATION (Qark eta) 
D I. sews 
CI 2 afloat* 
el S. Cerpcale• Setlast.I.Ca) 
04. topes 
S. Garanward 
Ci a Nonalltaa Coopasalto 
Da. manaaanCexpelasen CeOumwe 
P 
I•VOUPACTURIR 010•010,0 Aspect OV-SP (66.50) 
AMMO& 
MOW 
St 
5173
MASER 
eseemorseramst petestottme m emote otoemilip.Illobadisal. 
Plan D. LIZ 
gin Ye nave. Is rams owl Mello MM) 
1B25•1011EIIIIIIIIt (. 
). 
MAURO 
Stamm 
RURAL 
OTY: 
AXIS relit 
•••••••••••••000••••• 
illt0.roarer 
AND mat 
. 1100 
Pt 
_ 
.. 
ROUTE 
. 
Mar( 
DR 
Thames
S
RATE 
I"
:
00802
aWSICALAOCCIOLOCATCM 
Mel NOV•••• 
DESCRIPICIK••••••t. 
CM: 
STATE: 
Ell, 
ll etlECK HERE IF YOU ARE ONLY REPORTING A CHANGE OF ADDRESS 
UWE 
ne 
0) 
co 
ATTENTION] Reed the following statement before 
'This portion must be completed. 
A false a dishonest answer to ony question 
may be pounds Ix punishrnen! by Me and/or 
(U.S. Code, Tale 18, Section 
CERTIFICATION 
signing this application. 
In Rio alienation 
impiisonment. 
1001) 
San MAalO ancallaadad ea tat ••••• 
as PIM ADO Man 
a. Is. le al 
CERTIFY: 
nee to ease anon 
when
mo
 imam:and ecobare sea es la • 
•ft mob On tenth twoessreo• area, nepPem•-• at la CPR lanai 
• 
• 
A MOMS San will In rKtenkton (Farm $441)110 
El 
A 
WM 
ts. 
amts owporattn etsantaid NS tail Warn .e 
UM 
at MOM) 
ipoirl Lab e'en-Ana*: Gm ralVer well. as IASO Shan Rasa 
eapodka at 
not tenrootoust et 
r- A *nonce, tidy swam Pull to pal 
En* MOW SOUS, 
11.24 to SOW. ea “4041•4 Mnda. tho imadtvol bays marl: ow 
rosette otistern ril oeuseet a Wand orros non the me to Fara Avalon Savanitratan 
OM II—AS to 
is all extras% met sign. Use net pelf nocessey. 
SIGNATURE: 
i
. 
DATE: Moran 2$ 2017 
Puma 
L wrence Visoski 
rims: Manager 
9/EiNATLIRE: 
DATE: 
TYPE:M0WED 
MIAS: 
 TITLE: 
SIGRAIIRE 
DATE: 
TYPED/PROMO 
NAME: 
TITIE: 
NOM Inn =Med la *a eirentts win to appropriate canal alroarthbas .at
 iv • web* slot pent. 
• can 44 Ode oneplated application provides motherly to ant 
the aircraft la Me Vatted Stases far op ea 90 clan. 
AC Farm $0304 MIMS 
OW Cored No 2120-0042 
Casale, EsprOt 4102017 
V 
a 
a 
a
O 
EFTA00010654
--- PAGE 36 ---
Alla NOU
CI 
SO 4, d bZ UYN 1101 
NOI1V81SID3Z1 IdteU0111`; 
Intl RIM 03114 
EFTA00010655
--- PAGE 37 ---
'"%te"c^:s'!"— f. 
'4Agre}tel.r 
. . 
A
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT BILL OF SALE 
FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF $ 1.00 & OVC THE 
UNDERSIGNED OWNER(S) OF THE FULL 
LEGAL 
AND BENEFICIAL TITLE OF THE AIRCRAFT 
DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: 
UNITED STATES 
REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N415LM 
AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURER & MODEL 
Gulfsicearn Aerospace GV-SP (G550) 
AIRCRAFT SERIAL No. 
5173 
DOES THIS 
a9 
DAY OF March 
2017 
HEREBY SELL, GRANT, TRANSFER AND 
DELIVER ALL RIGHTS, TITLE, AND INTERESTS 
IN AND TO SUCH AIRCRAFT UNTO: 
OMB Cortrci No 2120.0042 
Exp 04,30,2017 
Do Not Write In This Block 
FOR FM USE ONLY 
PURCHASER 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
(IF INDNIDUAL(S). ONE LAST NAME. FIRST NAME. AND MIDDLE INITIAL ) 
6116.111
t. Thomas, USVI 00802 
DEALER CERTIFICATE NUMBER 
AND TO its successors 
ExcculOttro. 
• 
fai ,swmOita AND ASSIGNS TO HAVE AND TO HOLD 
SINGULARLY THE SAID AIRCRAFT FOREVER. AND WARRANTS THE TIRE THEREOF: 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF we 
HAVE SET 
GUI
HAND AMISSEAL THIS 
DAY OF March 2017 
cc 
w 
-J 
NAME(S) OF SELLER 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
SIGNATURE(S) 
(IN INK) (IF EXECUTED FOR 
CO-OWNERSHIP. ALL MUSTSION. 
TITLE 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
Chevron U.S.A., Inc. 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT (NOT REQUIRED FOR PURPOSES OF FM RECORDING: HOWEVER, MAY SE REQUIRED BY Locfra. LAW FOR 
VALIDITY OF THE INSTRUMENT.) 
ORIGINAL: TO FAA 
AC Form 8050-2 (01/12) (NSN 0052-00-629-0003) 
170880913227 
$5.00 03/29/2017 
a 
*.0 
tO 3 
a 
O 
O a 
a
EFTA00010656
--- PAGE 38 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION OR 
2011 NAR.29 A 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010657
--- PAGE 39 ---
us Deowinws 
ot Transported*" 
Federal Aviation 
Adminatration 
ASSIGNMENT OF SPECIAL 
R EGISTRATION NUMBERS 
Special Registration Number
N415LM
Aircraft Make and Model 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) 
Present Registration Number 
N40 IHB 
Serial Number 
5173 
Issue Date: 
Feb 01, 2017 
ICAO AIRCRAFT ADDRESS CODE FOR N4151M - 51)63671 
i
C.
OAKLAND CA 
94621-4543 
11.1iiilellolliiiililisilliliililtltiliillillilili iliiiliill 
This is yew stab:city to change 
the United States registration 
number on the above daaibed 
aircraft to the special 
regiunthou number soat. 
Carry duplicate of this form in the 
aircraft together ,ith the 
old registration certificate as 
interim anttaity to operas. the 
aircndt pending roceipt of revised 
certificate of registration. 
Obtain a revised certificate of 
tints 
from your near-
est Flight Stirdards District 
Office. 
The Writ FAA Farm 8130-6, 
Applkstioa For Airworthiness 
ea file b dated: 
Mar 07,2008 
The alrwarIttleen dassIfindiam 
mad eategery: 
STD TRANSP 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
SIGN AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL of this form to the Civil Aviation Registry, AFS-750, within 5 days after the special 
registration number is placed on the aircraft A revised certificate will then be issued. 
The authority to use the special member expires: Feb 01, 2018 
CERTIFICATION: lee 
that tie 
• 
' ration comber was placed 
on ale 
Si 
RETURN FORM TO: 
Civil Avi . 
Registry, AFS-750
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73125-0504 
Tine of Owner Assistant Secretary 
Date Mend on Aircraft: Mar ci-r7 , a•zb 1 i 
AC FORM M34-64 
(SriliCtS) Sapwoods. Preview. Edirlea 
Plea 
re 9 arvt 
P4-0 tt b Back— it. Chevron 0.S.4. Inc. 
♦ tO .0 0 i s ailachwel 
170881345320 
$10.00 03/072017 
EFTA00010658
--- PAGE 40 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
MRCRAFT REGISTRATION RR 
P I: Il 
CALAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010659
--- PAGE 41 ---
< 
ACTION 
1-- 
/ 
I' psi
Insured Aircraft Title Service, Inc. 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
CENTRAL RECORDS DIVISION 
OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA 
Date: 
Jaunary 30, 2017 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
Oklahoma City. Ok 73144 
Oklahoma City. Ok 73139 
Please Reserve N 
in NAME ONLY for. 
Please Reserve N 4151.1A 
••••••• 
*MI 
• • *tee*** 
••••••• 
• 4114 •• 01fri.• • OAP** •••••••••• 
*lb I. • 
Ntchange Request 
andTs-sign for the following aircraft: 
N 401HB 
Make Gultstream Aennlace 
Model  
GV-SP (G550) 
Serial* 
5173 
Which is (1) being purchased by 
x 
 (2) registered to 
Chevro
Oakland, CA 94621 
Payment of the required $10.00 fee per number to reserve/assign is attached. If the preferred N number is not 
available, please contact the undersigned for a selection of a new number. Please send the confirmation of 
reservation/8050-64 form to Insured Aircraft title Service,. Inc. in the Public Documents room of the FAA 
Additional Information: Please reserve and assign t4415O416 N401HB 
Requested by: 
Fee: 
$20.00 
170300828400 
$20.00 01/30/2017 
EFTA00010660
--- PAGE 42 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION BR 
• BA JAN 301 A & 31 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010661
--- PAGE 43 ---
OMB Control Number 2120.0729 
Expires01/30/17 
Paperwork Reduction Act Statement: The information COSOCtlid on this form 6 necessary to mental) aircraft registration. We estimate Mal it will lake approximately 30 
minutes to complete the form. Pease note that an agency may not conduct or sponsor. and a person is not required to respond to. a collection of information unless it displays a 
valid C4A8 control number. Form Approved, OMB No. 2120-0729 'Comments concerning the accuracy of this burden and suggestions for reducing the burden should be 
directed to the FM al: 800 Independence Avenue SW, Washington. DC 20591. ATTN: Information Collection Clearance Officer. AES-200.-
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION - FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION RENEWAL APPLICATION 
FAILURE TO RENEW REGISTRATION WILL 
RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF REGISTRATION 
AND REGISTRATION NUMBER ASSIGNMENT 
(Se* 10 C.F.R. 59 47.15(5, 47.40 and 47.41) 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N 40111B 
SERIAL NUMBER 
5173 
MANUFACTURER 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE 
MODEL 
GV-SP (G550) 
DATE OF ISSUANCE 
04/02/2008 
DATE OF EXPIRATION 
04/30/2020 
TYPE OF REGISTRATION 
CORPORATION 
ENTER REGISTERED OWNER(S) & ADDRESS FROM FAA FILE 
(Owner i) 
CHEVRON USA INC 
HELPFUL INFORMATION 
Review Aircraft Registration File Information for this aircraft 
at: htto://registry.faa.00v/aircraltinouiry. 
(Owner 2) 
Assistance may be obtained 
at our web page: http://registry.faa.coy/renewregistration, 
Mit Enter any adationel owner names on page two. 
(Address)
by e-mail at: 
faa.aircraft.reoistivaraa.•Ov or 
(Address) 
by telephone at.: (866) 762 - 9434 (toll free). C4 
When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
payable to the Federal Aviation Administration. 
Signature and Title Requirements for Common Registration Types: 
Individual 
owner must sign, title would be 'Ginner". 
- Partnership 
general partner signs showing "general partner" as 
title. 
- Corporation 
corporate officer or manager signs. showing full title. 
- Limited Liability Co authorized member, manager, or officer identified in 
the LLC organization document signs. showing full title.
- Cgt:
Tn
rn el. t 
authorized person must sign and show their full title. 
each co-owner must sign; showing 'mourner as tile 
Note: All signatures must be In Ink, or other permanent media. 
To correct entries: Draw a single line through error. Make correct entry in 
remaining space. or complete the form on-line. An application form will be 
rejected if any entry is covered by correction tape or similarly obscured. 
Gay OAKLAND 
Stale CA 
rip 944321-4543 
Country 
UNITED STATES 
Physical Address: Required when mailing addresS Is a P.O. Box or mail drop. 
(Address) 
(Address) 
City 
State 
Zip 
Country,
TO RENEW REGISTRATION: REVIEW aircraft registration information. 
mica the appropriate statement. ENTER any change in address in the 
spaces below, SIGN DATE. 8 SEND form with the $5 renewal fee to the: 
FAA 
by courier 
,,, 
NEW 
Aircraft R ist 
Oldahoma City OK 73125-0504, or 
to: 
. Oklahoma City OK 73169-6937 
I (WE) CERTIFY. THE NAME(S) AND ADDRESSES FROM THE FAA FILES 
FOR THE OWNER(S) OF THIS AIRCRAFT ARE CORRECT. OWNERSHIP 
MEETS CITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR §47.3, AIRCRAFT IS 
NOT REGISTERED UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
UPDATE THE MAILING I PHYSICAL ADDRESS AS SHOWN BELOW. 
I (WE) CERTIFY THE: NAME(S) SHOWN ABOVE FOR THE OWNER(S) OF 
THIS AIRCRAFT IS CORRECT, OWNERSHIP MEETS THE CITIZENSHIP 
REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR §47.3, AIRCRAFT IS NOT REGISTERED 
UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
MAILING ADDRESS 
TO CANCEL THE REGISTRATION FOR THIS AIRCRAFT: 
CHECK All applicable block(s) below, cOMPI FTF, ajetl.. OM & fda,g. 
this form with an fees to the: FAA Aircraft Registry, 
Oklahoma City, OK, 73125-0504, or by courier to 
. Oklahoma City OK 73169-6937 
K 
CANCELLATION OF REGISTRATION IS REQUESTED. 
THE AIRCRAFT WAS SOLD TO: 
K 
(Show purchasers name and address.) 
K 
THE AIRCRAFT IS DESTROYED OR SCRAPPED. 
K THE AIRCRAFT WAS EXPORTED TO: 
NEW PHYSICAL ADDRESS: complete if physical address hes changed. a 
the new mailing address is a PO Box or Mail Drop. 
K 
OTHER, Specify 
PLEASE RESERVE N-NUMBER IN THE OWNER'S NAME 
AND ADDRESS. The $10 reservation fee is enclosed. 
SIGNATURE OF OWNER 1 
(required field) 
Electroncaity Certified by Registered Owners 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
(roqueod lied) 
TITLE 
(required field) 
DATE 
12t2/2016 
SIGNATURE OF OWNER 2 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
DATE 
Use page 2 for additional signatures. 
AC Form 8050- I B (04 12I 
Fcc paid: $5 (20161202135647433214B) 
EFTA00010662
--- PAGE 44 ---
EFTA00010663
--- PAGE 45 ---
OMB Comm) Number 2120.0729 
Experts0430M 
Note: Twelve (12) owner names may be entered on this page. If you require more, enter the first 12 names and then print 
this page by pressing the 'Print Page Z button below. Next click the Reset' button to clear the data fields (from page 2 
only) to add more names. Repeat action as needed. 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
AC Form 8050- I B (04/12) 
REF N•NUM: 401118 
EFTA00010664
--- PAGE 46 ---
EFTA00010665
--- PAGE 47 ---
OMB Control Number 2120-0729 
Expires 2,29/15 
Paperwork Reduction Act Statement: The information COSOCtlid on this form 6 necessary to maigain aircraft registration. We estimate Mal it will lake approximately 30 
minutes to complete the form. Pease note that an agency may not conduct or sponsor. and a person is not required to respond to. a collection of information unless it displays a 
valid C4.1B control number. Form Approved. OMB No. 2120-0729 'Comments concerning the accuracy of this burden and suggestions for reducing the burden should be 
directed to the FAA al: 800 Independence Avenue SW, Washington, DC 20591. ATTN: Information Collection Clearance Officer. AES-200.-
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION - FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION RENEWAL APPLICATION 
FAILURE TO RENEW REGISTRATION WILL 
RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF REGISTRATION 
AND REGISTRATION NUMBER ASSIGNMENT 
(See 10 C.F.R. 59 17.150, 47.40 and 47.41) 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N 401HB 
SERIAL NUMBER 
5173 
MANUFACTURER 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE 
MODEL 
GV-SP (G550) 
DATE OF ISSUANCE 
04/02/2008 
DATE OF EXPIRATION 
04/30/2017 
TYPE OF REGISTRATION 
CORPORATION 
ENTER REGISTERED OWNER(S) & ADDRESS FROM FAA FILE 
(Owner 1) 
CHEVRON USA INC 
HELPFUL INFORMATION 
Review Aircraft Registration File Information for this aircraft 
at: htto://registry.faa.00v/aircraftinauirv. 
(Owner 2) 
Assistance may be obtained 
at our web page: htto://registry.faa.govirenewreeistration, 
Mt 
Enter any adcitionel owner names on page two. 
(Address)
by e-mail at: 
faa.aircraft.reaistivafaa., ov. or 
(Address) 
by telephone at: (866) 762 - 9434 (toll free). C4 
When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
payable to the Federal Aviation Administration. 
Signature and Title Requirements for Common Registration Types: 
Individual 
owner must sign, title would be 'ovine'', 
- Partnership 
general partner signs showing "general partner" as 
title 
- Corporation 
corporate officer or manager signs. showing full title. 
- Limited Liability Co authorized member, manager, or officer identified in 
the LLC organization document signs. showing full title.
Kith co-owner must sign; showing -co-owner' as tine 
- CStern 
t 
authorized person must sign and show their full title. 
Note: All signatures must be In Ink, or other permanent media. 
To correct entries: Draw a single line through error. Make correct entry in 
imagining space. or complete the form on-line. An application form will be 
rejected if any entry is covered by correction tape or similarly obscured. 
City OAKLAND 
State CA 
rip 948214543 
Country 
UNITED STATES 
Physical Addaxes: Required when mailing address Is a P.O. Box or mail drop. 
(Address) 
(Address) 
City 
State 
rip 
Country 
TO RENEW REGISTRATION: REVIEW aircraft registration information. 
PC 
SELECT the appropriate statement. ENTER any change in address in the 
spaces below, SIGN DATE. & SEND form with the $5 renewal fee to the: 
FAA 
by courier 
,./ 
NEW 
Aircraft R 
rat 
Oklahoma City OK 73125-0504, or 
to: 
, Oklahoma City OK 73169-6937 
I (WE) CERTIFY. THE NAME(S) MID ADDRESSES FROM THE FAA FILES 
FOR THE OWNER(S) OF THIS AIRCRAFT ARE CORRECT. OWNERSHIP 
MEETS CITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR §47.3. AIRCRAFT IS 
NOT REGISTERED UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
UPDATE THE MAILING I PHYSICAL ADDRESS AS SHOWN BELOW. 
I (WE) CERTIFY THE: NAME(S) SHOWN ABOVE FOR THE OWNER(S) OF 
THIS AIRCRAFT IS CORRECT, OWNERSHIP MEETS THE CITIZENSHIP 
REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR §47.3, AIRCRAFT IS NOT REGISTERED 
UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
MAILING ADDRESS 
TO CANCEL THE REGISTRATION FOR THIS AIRCRAFT: 
CHECK All applicable bl0Ck(S) below, cOMPI FTF, ajett. OM & MI. 
this form with an fees to the: FAA Aircraft Registry, 
Oklahoma City, OK, 73125-0504, or by courier to.
. Oklahoma City OK 73169-6937 
K 
CANCELLATION OF REGISTRATION IS REQUESTED. 
THE AIRCRAFT WAS SOLD TO: 
K 
(Show purchasers name and address.) 
K 
THE AIRCRAFT IS DESTROYED OR SCRAPPED. 
K THE AIRCRAFT WAS EXPORTED TO: 
NEW PHYSICAL ADDRESS: complete if physical address hes changed. a 
the new mailing address is a PO Box or Mail Drop. 
K 
OTHER. Specify 
PLEASE RESERVE N-NUMBER IN THE OWNER'S NAME 
AND ADDRESS. The $10 reservation fee is enclosed. 
SIGNATURE OF OWNER 1 
(required field) 
Electron arty Certified by Registered Owners 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
(requirnd find) 
TITLE 
(required field) 
DATE 
12/4/2013 
SIGNATURE OF OWNER 2 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
DATE 
Use page 2 for additional signatures. 
AC Form 8050-113 (04 121 
Fcc paid: $5 (2013120416283705 I NB) 
EFTA00010666
--- PAGE 48 ---
EFTA00010667
--- PAGE 49 ---
OMB Control Number 2120-0729 
Expires •2/29!15 
Note: Twelve (12) owner names may be entered on this page. If you require more, enter the first 12 names and then print 
this page by pressing the 'Print Page Z button below. Next click the Reset' button to clear the data fields (from page 2 
only) to add more names. Repeat action as needed. 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
AC Form 8050- I B (04/ I 2) 
REF N-NUM: 401HEI 
EFTA00010668
--- PAGE 50 ---
EFTA00010669
--- PAGE 51 ---
PRINT PAGE 1 
PRIVACY ACT STATEMENT 
ova owed Nunn/ zizoorn 
coves wzionoin 
Peponverk Reduction Act Statement: TM irtormation cceeded on this form is necessary to obtain even re-regetrallon. VVe *Ornate taut a wallahs epprosimately 30 
minutes le complete the form. Please note that any agency may not conduct a sponsor. anis a person I not required to respond to. a coteakin of Inkrmalion unless it displays 
a valid OMB contrel number Fenn Approved. OMB No. 2120-0729 
'Cisme-ems concerning the act-unity et tits burden end suggestions for reducing me burden snood be directed to the FAA St 600 irdepondence Avenve SW. Washington. CC 
20591 ATTN: Information Collection Clearance Officer. AES-200 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION-FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT RE-REGISTRATION APPLICATION 
FAILURE TO REREGISTER WILL RESULT 
IN CANCELLATION OF REGISTRA77GV 
AND REGISTRATION NUMBER ASSIGNMENT 
(Set i4 C.F.R. 0 .O.O10.17.404oul 47.41) 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N 401HB 
SERIAL NUMBER 
5173 
MANUFACTURER 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE 
MODEL 
GV-SP (G550) 
DATE OF ISSUANCE 
APRIL 02, 2008 
DATE OF EXPIRATION 
JUNE 30, 2011 
TYPE OF REGISTRATION 
CORPORATION 
NAME AND MAILING ADDRESS OF REGISTERED OWNER 
(If Individual, give last name, Brat name and middle Initial) 
(Owner 1) CHEVRON USA INC 
INFORMATION FOR COMPLETION 
Additional information may be obtained al our web page 
660762-9434. 
(Owner 2) 
intallrooluntles oovirenewrealstratIon or ty phone al 
Hal Enter sr  
'
l
in 
I 
ill: 
(Address) 
(Address) 
Aircraft Registration InImmalion may be reviewed at : 
glizi/reolstrvitaassovfaircraftlnaulry
Please pay lees with a check or money order payable to Ihe 
Federal Aviation Administration. 
City SAN RAMON 
state CA zip 94583-2324 
Signature Requirements lot Listed 
tration Types: 
County
UNITED STATES 
. 
Individual 
owner must sign. 
BOX 
PHYSICAL ADDRESS (FIEOUIRED WHEN MAILING ADDRESS IS A P.O.
- 
OR MAIL DROP) 
(Address) 
Partnership 
a general partner must sign. 
. 
bon 
a corporate taco or nap% offinal mat sign. 
Coro 
- 
Limited 
Liao
Co. • meinber. manager. Or officer whil IS authorized to 
menage the LLC meat sign. 
(Address) 
- 
Co-owner 
nth co-owner must sign. continuing as necessary. 
City 
Stale 
on page number two. 
Government 
any authorized person may sign. 
Country 
Note: All signatures must be in Ink. 
TO 
ENTER 
BLOCK 
Aircraft 
RE-REGISTER AIRCRAFT: REVIEW REGISTRATION INFORMATION. 
CORRECTIONS IN BLANKS PROVIDED. CHECK APPLICABLE 
BELOW. SIGN, DATE. 4, MAIL WTH THE S5 FEE. To: The FM 
Registration Branch. 
Oklahoma City. OK, 73125-0504. 
i (WE) CERTIFY THE: NAME(S) AND MAIUNG ADDRESS SHOWN ABOVE 
FOR THE OWNER(S) OF THIS AIRCRAFT ARE CORRECT. OWNERSHIP 
MEETS CITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR §47.3. AIRCRAFT IS 
NOT REGISTERED UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
UPDATE THE MAILING I PHYSICAL ADDRESS AS SHOWN BELOW. I 
(WE) CERTIFY THE: NAME(S) SHOWN ABOVE FOR THE OWNER(5) OF 
THIS AIRCRAFT IS CORRECT. OWNERSHIP MEETS THE CITIZENSHIP 
REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR §47.3. AIRCRAFT IS NOT REGISTERED 
TO CANCEL THE REGISTRATION FOR THIS AIRCRAFT: 
THE LAST REGISTERED OWNER MUST: MARX THE APPLICABLE 
BLOCK(S). COMPLETE. SIGN. DATE &Mall with any tees to: The 
FM Aircraft Registration Branch. 
. Oklahoma City. OK. 
73125.0504.
CANCELLATION OF REGISTRATION IS REQUESTED FOR THE 
REASON MARKED BELOW, 
1. THE AIRCRAFT WAS SOLD TO: 
(Shove purchasers name and address) 
UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
MAILING ADDRESS.
. OAKLAND, CA 94821 
El 
i 
THE AIRCRAFT IS DESTROYED OR SCRAPPED. 
PHYSICAL ADDRESS: COMPLETE IF PHYSICAL ADDRESS HAS 
CHANGED. OR NEW MAILING ADDRESS IS A PO BOX OR MAIL 
III 
 3. THE AIRCRAFT WAS EXPORTED TO: 
DROP. 
4. OTHER, Specify 
O 
UPON CANCELLATION, PLEASE RESERVE THE N-NUMBER 
IN OWNERS' NAME. The 510 check or money order for the N-
number reservation lee Is enclosed. 
TITLE 
Assistant Secretary 
OAT,
p'1126(/ 
ONATURE OF OWNER 2 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
DATE 
AC Form 8050-1A (10/10) 
110660825086 
$5.00 03/07/2011 
EFTA00010670
--- PAGE 52 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION BR 
2011 rifiR 7 61'1 8 39 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010671
--- PAGE 53 ---
DOCUMENT LEVEL ANNOTATIONS FOR DOCUMENT ARE002412672 
REV/DOI - 4/2/2008 
EFTA00010672
--- PAGE 54 ---
EFTA00010673
--- PAGE 55 ---
U.B. Department 
of Transportation 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
Date of Issue: April 2, 2008 
CHEVRON U S A INC 
SAN RAMON, CA 94583-2324 
Flight Standards Service 
Aircraft Registration Branch, 
AFS•760 
HAND DELIVERED TO ARTC IN THE PD ROOM 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 71125-0501 
Toll Free: 
WEB Address: 
1082390 
This facsimile must be carried in the Aircraft as a Temporary Certificate of 
Registration for 
N401HB GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) Serial 5173 and is valid until May 
02, 2008. 
This is not an airworthiness certificate. For airworthiness information, contact the nearest 
Federal Aviation Administration Flight Standards District Office. 
Manager, FAA Aircraft Registry, AFS-750 
Federal Aviation Administration 
AFS:750-FAX4 (10/05) 
EFTA00010674
--- PAGE 56 ---
EFTA00010675
--- PAGE 57 ---
t.rt 
lft 
US.Deportment 
of Ticnsportatbn 
Federal wak e
Admintskallon 
ASSIGNMENT OF SPECIAL REGISTRATION NUMBERS 
Special Registration Number 
401HB 
Aircraft Make and Model 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE 
GV-SP (G550) 
Present Registration Number—
673GA 
Serial Number 
5173 
3960203 
ICAO 
FOR 
GULFSTREAM 
SAVANNAH 
AIRCRAFT ADDRESS CODE 
N401H3 = 
51130411 
AEROSPACE CORP 
GA 31408-9643 
NUMBER.E.,:,;:, 0 TO____RL/LL.
DATE le RR 05 2008 
Issue Date: 
NOVEM3ER 14, 2007 
This is your authority to change the United Slates registra-
tion number on the above described aircraft to the special 
registration number shovm. 
Carry duplicate of this form in the aircraft together with the 
old registration certificate as interim authority to operate the 
aircraft pending receipt of revised certificated registration. 
Obtain a revised certificate of ainvorthiness from your near-
est Flight Standards District Office. 
The latest FAA Form 81304, Application 
For Airworthiness on file Is dated: 
The airworthiness classification and category: 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
SIGN AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL of this form to the Civil Aviation Registry, AFS•75O, within 5 days after the special registration number is 
Ali 
NOVEMBER 149 2008 
placed on the aircraft. A revised certificate will then be issued. 
W The authority to use the special number expires;:.! 
CERTIFICATION: I certify that the special registration number Wastplaced on the 
. . . ,. 
aircraft descn 
Signature of 0 
RETURN FORM TO: 
illaiagistry, AFS-75O 
I Hai
l 
trin  air
try, Oklahoma 73125-0504 
• 
Title of Owner: 
Cie IPP0i I KVEA(CIDC.
Date Placed on Aircraft: 
I Jai i Ot64 
AC Form 8050-64 
(5/2005) Supersedes Previous Edition 
EFTA00010676
--- PAGE 58 ---
• 
VIIONY1)1Q 
AllOVIOHI/110 
C Wd.C2 Mr IN; ,t . 
C 
'1) 4 e It.1c-  t•••- 
a9 NOIITHISI038 
I
Ylie.Rgaliki 
t 
it t ! a' ;.• 
. • 
ft• 
t 
I 
EFTA00010677
--- PAGE 59 ---
AIRCRAFT TITLE SEARCHES 
RECORDING SERVICES 
AIRMEN RECORD INFORMATION 
To: 
October 25, 2007 
Hand Delivered 
FAA 
Oklahoma City. Oklahoma 
Attention: 
Central Records 
Gentlemen: 
On behalf of our client: 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP. 
Savanna 
410/1/5 
4,736A 
is NOV 1 4 2007 
'lease 
initiate the following action: 
1. 
Please RESERVE the following special registration number: 
N4O1HB 
PLEASE HAND THE CONFIRMATION OF RESERVATION LETTER TO 
ARTC IN THE PUBLIC DOCUMENTS ROOM. 
2. Please ASSIGN N4O1HB to the following described aircraft which 
is registered to our client above: 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) 
SERIAL NUMBER 5173 
CURRENTLY N673GA 
PLEASE HAND THE ORIGINAL FORM 8050-64 TO ARTC IN THE PUBLIC 
DOCUMENTS ROOM. 
Thank you. 
072981539402 
$10.00 10/25/2007 
)(PLEASE HAND CONFIRMATION OF RESERVATION LETTER TO ARTC - PUBLIC DOCUMENTS ROOM. 
\X PLEASE HAND ORIGINAL FORM 8050-64 TO ARTC - PUBLIC DOCUMENTS ROOM. 
Thank you, 
AERO 
By: 
Fee Attached• $ 
in 00 
Special Services 
CC: 
erospace Corp. 
EFTA00010678
--- PAGE 60 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
t".:. Tr A TIM" OR 
607 OCT 25 Pfl 3 28 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010679
--- PAGE 61 ---
DECLARATION 
OF 
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS 
The undersigned owner of aircraft N401HB, Manufacturer Gulfstream Aerospace 
Corporation Model No. GV-SP (G550) Serial No. 5173 declares that this aircraft is 
scheduled to make an international flight on April 14, 2008 departing Oakland, 
California, USA, with a destination of London, England, United Kingdom. 
Expedited registration in support of this international flight is requested this 27th day of 
March, 2008 with knowledge that: 
Whoever, in any matter within the jurisdiction of the executive branch of 
the Government of the United States, knowingly and willfully makes or 
uses any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any 
materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or representation shall 
be fined under Title 18 United States Code or imprisoned not more than 5 
years, or both. 18 U.S.C. 1001(a). 
Name of Owner: 
Typed Name and 
Signature: 
Comments: 
Chevron U.S.A. Inc. 
Filed by: 
AERO RECORDS & TITLE CO. 
anager Flight Operations 
PIM 
O 
(1) 
O 
O 
CO 
EFTA00010680
--- PAGE 62 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
.',IRCK..cT AEGISTR A TIOH Rft 
2008 non 27 PPl 1 25 
CKLA.HUMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010681
--- PAGE 63 ---
FORM APPROVED 
OMB No. 2I20-0042 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
DIAL 
itMATION Soar 
RATION-NOM ISOMIKeart auTICAL 
CORR% 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION APPLICATION 
CERT. ISSUE DATE 
NITED ST
REGISTRATION
U  
NUMBER N 401 HE 
AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURER a MODEL 
GULFSTREAM 
AEROSPACE 
GV -SP (G550) 
AIRCRAFT SERIAL No. 
5173 
FOR FAA USE ONLY 
TYPE OF REGISTRATION (Check one box) 
O 
1. Individual 
O 
2. Partnership EX 3. Corporation 
4. Co-owner 
5. Gov't 
CI Et 4°I.Cilizen
Corporation 
NAME OF APPLICANT (Person(s) shown on evidence of ownership. If Individual. give last name. first name. and middle Initial.) 
ill. 
CHEVRON U.S.A. INC. 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: ( 
ADDRESS (Permanent mailing address for first applicant lifittiod.) (If P.O. BOX Is used. physical address must also be shown.) 
Minter and Set: 
Rural Route: 
P.O. Box: 
CITY 
SAN 
RAMON 
STATE 
CA 
ZIP CODE 
94583 
K 
CHECK HERE IF YOU ARE ONLY REPORTING A CHANGE OF ADDRESS 
ATTENTION! Read the following statement before signing this application. 
This portion MUST be completed. 
A lalse or dishonest answer to any question in this application may be grounds for punishment by line and r or Imprisonment 
(U.S. Code. Titre 18, Sec. 1001). 
III 
CERTIFICATION 
VVVE CERTIFY: 
(1) That the above aircraft is owned by the undersigned applicant. who is a citizen (including corporations) 
of the United States. 
(For voting trust, give name of Mate*: 
• 
) or 
CHECK ONE AS APPROPRIATE: 
a. C A resident alien, with alien registration (Form 1.151 or Form 1.551) No. 
b. O 
A non-citizen corporation organized and doing business under the taws of (state) 
and said aircraft is based and priensrity used in the United States. Records or sight hours are available for 
• 
inspection at 
That the 
Is not 
the laws 
foreign 
and 
(2) 
aircraft 
registered under 
of any 
country; 
(3) That legal evidence of ownership is- attached or has been filed with the Federal Aviation AdMiniStretiOn. 
NOTE: If executed for co-ownerstii• all applicants must sign. Use reverse side if necessary. 
VIP 
TLE 
K2 
DATE 
M 
Ats-S1-- gi6e49c7A41y 
.3111 7 .2-ou.5 
SIGNATURE 
g
TITLE 
DATE4 
3-01.7401( 
SIGNATURE 
A 
T 
TRLE 
DATE 
NOTE Pending receipt of the CertifiCate of Aircraft Registration, the aircraft may be operated for a period not in excess of 90 
days. during which time the PINK COpy of this application must be corned In the  Stint 
a 
O 
O 
O 
co 
AC Form 8050-1 (5/03) (0052.00.628-9007) 
EFTA00010682
--- PAGE 64 ---
FILED•WITH FA A 
AFT 
EG!SYR A TtOtJ BR 
2008 FIN 27 PM 1 25 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
• 
EFTA00010683
--- PAGE 65 ---
FORM APPROVED 
OMB NO. 2120-0002 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
U. S. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT BILL OF SALE 
Do Not Write In This Block 
FOR FAA USE ONLY 
FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF 51.00 & OVC THE 
UNDERSIGNED OWNER(S) OF THE FULL LEGAL 
AND BENEFICIAL TITLE OF THE AIRCRAFT 
DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: 
UNITED STATES 
REGISTRATION NUMBER N 
401HB 
AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURER & MODEL 
Gulfstream Aerospace GV-SP (G550) 
AIRCRAFT SERIAL NO. 
5173 
DOES THISejeAd DAY OF int/et )2008, 
HEREBY SELL, GRANT, TRANSFER AND 
DELIVER ALL RIGHTS, TITLE, AND INTERESTS 
IN AND TO SUCH AIRCRAFT UNTO: 
w 
< 
u) 
x 
0cc 
a. 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
(IF INDIVIDUAL (S). GIVE LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, AND MIDDLE INITIAL.) 
Chevron U.S.A. Inc. 
San Ramon, CA 94583 
DEALER CERTIFICATE NUMBER 
AND TO ITS SUCCESSORS, EXECLI-TORST-AOMMISTRATORST AND ASSIGNS TO HAVE AND TO HOLD 
SINGULARLY THE SAID AIRCRAFT FOREVER, AND WARRANTS THE TITLE THEREOF. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS CSR4 DAY OF indict ,2008 
SELLER 
j 
NAME (S) OF SELLER 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
SIGNATURE (S) 
TITLE 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
Manager 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT (NOT REQUIRED FOR PURPOSES OF FM RECORDING: HOWEVER, MAY BE REQUIRED 
BY LOCAL LAW FOR VALIDITY OF THE INSTRUMENT.) 
ORIGINAL: TO FAA 
AC Form 8050-2 (9/92) (NSN 0052-00-629-0003) Supersedes Previous Edition 
.0 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
*.< 
rD 
O 
O 
O 
O 
CO 
O 
CO 
080871324467 
$5.00 03/27/2008 
EFTA00010684
--- PAGE 66 ---
A11NON V 73(0
VH011 V1,10 
SO T hid l2 
ea 
fiC;17t:S193.11 14 r
V lid KUM 
G37I.1 
EFTA00010685
--- PAGE 67 ---
U.S Department 
of Transportation 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
March 1, 2007 
SAVANNAH GA 31408 
Dear Sirs: 
Flight Standards Service 
Aircraft Registration Branch, AFS•750 
ee: 
WEB Address: 
Oklahoma 73125-0504 
United States identification mark N673GA has been assigned to Gulfstream Aerospace GV-SP 
(G550), serial number 5173, Mode S Transponder Code 52163564 as requested by you. This 
manufacturer's assignment of special registration number cannot be used as an authorization for a 
number change. 
If we ma be of further assistance lease contact the Aircraft Registration Branch at 
or toll free 
Sincerely, 
Legal Instruments Examiner 
Aircraft Registration Branch 
AFS-750-SUPPORT-5 (04/06) 
EFTA00010686
--- PAGE 68 ---
EFTA00010687
--- PAGE 69 ---
.4! 
Nt • Un
rer 
0/ 364
.1mt., 
FEB 26 aw 
February J5 ) 2007 
Federal Aviation Administration 
FAA Aircraft Re istry 
klahoma ity. OK 73125 
ATTENTION: CENTRAL RECORDS DIVISION 
Dear MadarniSir: 
Please reserve and assign the enclosed special registration numbers 
Gulfstream Aerr-zpacc.. Corporation 
for 
Once these numbers have been reserved and assigned in the name of 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. please hand confirmations to ARTC in the 
PO P.ciom. tf the above requested numbers are not available. please contact 
Lisa homas at ARTC immediately. 
Thank you for your assistance with this request. 
Very truly yours. 
Enclosure 
070471453'32 
$420.00 02115/2007 
EFTA00010688
--- PAGE 70 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
RECISTRATION RR 
2007 FEB 16 PM 2 53 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010689
--- PAGE 71 ---
rve• 
Asaian to• 
1. 
494 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (6350) 
S/N 
4094 
2. 
495 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (6450) 
S/N 
4095 
3. 
496 GA 
Gutfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
SM 
4096 
4. 
397 GA 
Gutfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4097 
5. 
398 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
SM 
4098 
6. 
199 GA 
Guffstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4199 
7. 
120 GA 
Gulfstream Model GlV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4100 
8. 
401 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4101 
9. 
702 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
SM 
4102 
10. 
603 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4103 
11. 
704 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (6450) 
S/N 
4104 
12. 
405 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (6450) 
S/N 
4105 
13. 
606 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4106 
14. 
607 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4107 
15. 
608 GA 
Guffstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4108 
16. 
609 GA 
Gutfstream Model GIV-X (6450) 
S/N 
4109 
17. 
610 GA 
Guffstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4110 
18. 
131 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (6350) 
S/N 
4111 
19. 
612 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4112 
20. 
-913 GA 
Guffstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4113 
21: 
614 GA 
Guffstream Model GIV-X (G450), 
S/N 
4114 
22. 
815 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4115 
23. 
764 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (6550) 
S/N 
5164 
24. 
965 GA 
Guffstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
SIN 
5165 
25. 
966 GA 
Gutfstream Model.GV-SP (G550) 
SIN 
5166 
26. 
967 GA 
Gutfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
SIN 
5167 
27. 
668 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
SM 
5168 
28. 
569 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SPIG550) 
S/N 
5169 
29. 
770 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (6550) 
S/N 
5170 
30. 
971 GA 
Guffstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
SM 
5171 
31. 
972 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5172 
32. 
673 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5173 
33. 
974 GA 
Gutfstream Model GV-SP (6550) 
S/N 
5174 
34. 
975 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5175 
35. 
476 GA 
Guffstream Model GV-SP (6550) 
S/N 
5176 
36. 
977 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5177 
37. 
978 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5178 
38. 
979 GA 
Gutfstream Model GV-SP (6550) 
S/N 
5179 
39. 
980 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (6550) 
SM 
5180 
40. 
181 GA 
Guffstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5181 
41. 
782 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5182 
42. 
983 GA 
Gutfstream Model GV-SP 1G550) 
SIN 
5183 
'41 
EFTA00010690
--- PAGE 72 ---
Fii.E0 WITH FAA 
t;iRcRr.F f REGISTRATION BR 
2301 FEB 16 FPI 2 53 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010691
--- PAGE 73 ---
h. 
Aero Records & Title Co. 
Post (Ace Box 19246. Oklahoma City. OK 73 44 
Phone 
• Fax 
Escrow. Toll Free 
February 16, 2007 
REQUEST 
FOR 
MANUFACTURER 
Aircraft Title Searches 
ASSIGNMENTS 
Professional Escrow and Closing 
Services 
Recording Services 
Reservation and Assignment of 
Special Registration Numbers 
Aircraft Title insurance 
§1031 Like-Kind Exchange Services 
Physical address for 
courier deliveries 
Oklahoma City. OK 73179 
WWW.aerorecords corn 
Federal Aviation Administration 
Civil Aviation Registry 
Aircraft Registration Branch 
Attention: Central Records 
N# 
Reference: (42) Registration Number Assignments 
Gentlemen/ Ladies: 
On behalf of our client: 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE
SAVANNAH, GA 31407 
Please reserve & assign forty-two (42) special 
registration numbers as listed on Gulfstream's 
enclosed letter. 
Please issue 8050-7 forms to 
Gulfstream at the address shown above. PLEASE 
HAND COPIES OF THE ASSIGNMENT LETTERS 
TO ARTC IN THE P.D. ROOM. 
The necessary $420.00 fee for reservation of the 
d. 
Aero Records & 
Co is 
i J peciai s ervices 
minis ra or 
a subsidiary of Fidelity National 
/ lg 
Title Insurance Company._ 
bb
a member of the 
Enclosures: 
letter by Gulfstream & check for $420. 
Fidelity National Financial Inc 
family ol companies 
C: Carol Rowley /Gulfstream 
EFTA00010692
--- PAGE 74 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRC.RArr REGISTRATION BR 
2007 FEB 16 Pfq 2 53 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010693


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010694.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010694.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00010694


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010695.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010695.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00010695


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010696.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010696.pdf
----------------------------------------
npr 10 2013 3:24PM 
• 
Agilis 
Management Inc. 
p.5 
LLC STATEMENT ES SUPPORT 
OF REGISTRATION 
JEGE. LLC 
, a limited liability company of a United 
States Citizen midis enable to register aircraft in its name. in this regard, we make the following 
repaeseumtions: 
The fitll Bane of the Applicant LLC is  JEGE, LLC
The state in which the LLC is laulidly organized is United States Virgin Islands
The effective date of the LLC is October 19.2012
The name of each of the members of the LLC and the type of entity of each mentha(i.e.: individual. 
corporation, partnership. eh. 
NAME 
TYPE OF ENTITY 
U.S. CITIZENSHIP 
Jeffrey Epstein 
INDIVIDUAL 
YES 
NO 
INDIVIDUAL 
NO 
INDIVIDUAL 
YESEJNOO 
3. 
INDIVIDUAL 
YEsO NOD 
This LLC ts managed Dr: a Manager 
The managers, members or officers of this LLC may act Independently YESO NO K 
••••ffE THE LLC IS MANAGED HY MEMBERS STOP HERE AND SIGN AT THE BOTTOM OF 
THE FORM*" 
The name of each of the Managers of the LLC and the type of entity of each manager 
NAME 
TYPE. OF ENTITY 
U.S. CITIZLNSHIP 
2. 
Lawrence Vlsoski 
2. 
3. 
INDIVIDUAL 
INDIVIDUAL 
INDIVIDUAL 
yvM3c.Act 
YESO NOD 
YESONOD
The nudenigned certain: that hetshent understands that an LLC is eligible to register aircraft in Its name provided 
that: 
at least 2nnis of the managers or managing members are "U.S. Citizens" atlas the meaning • 1 49 U.S.C. Section 
40102(0(15)(C) apt 
at lent 75% or be voila' Surest or ruin la owned or touts aka by turnout who art `U.S. citizens` or citizens of 
one of its possessions: and specifically that AN LLC CANNOT REGISTER AS A NON-CITIZEN CORPORATION. 
Many member of this LLC la at a Vatted States Citizen as dard in40101(a)(15)(C) au explanation appears below 
to support the etetillcation that Mb 12-C is a 'U.S. Citizen' as required by 49 U.S.C. Section 40102(1)(15)(C). 
The undersigned hereby also certifies that the informatics given herein is trot and coned and meets all citinnthip 
sperUications as required by the Federal Aviation Administration. 
JEGE. LLC 
BY 
ol 
/jos 
f 
TRIP Manager 
0. 
EFTA00010696
--- PAGE 2 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT REGIST:IATION BR 
2013 MI? 3 PITI 3 23 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010697


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010698.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010698.pdf
----------------------------------------
AMENDMENT TO STATEMENT IN SUPPORT OF REGISTRATION OF A Ut(LTED STATES CIVIL 
AIRCRAFT IN THE NAME OF A LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AS OF  ire( WilTO CHANGE THE 
MEMBER AND THE MANAGER OF THE LLC 
1. The full name of the Applicant LLC is: JEGE, LLC, 
2. The state in which this LLC is lawfully organized is: United States Virgin Islands. 
3. The effective date of the LLC is: October. 19, 2012. 
4. The name of each of the members of the LLC and the type of entity of each member (i.e.: 
individual, corporation, partnership, etc.) 
Name: Aviation Development Grows. LW 
Type of Entity Limited Liability Corporation  U.S. Citizenship Verification yn 
Name:. 
Type of Entity _ 
U.S. Citizenship Verification _ 
Name: 
Type of Entity 
U.S. Citizenship Verification 
Name: 
Type of Entity 
U.S. Citizenship Verification 
Additional Members Listed on additional pages: 
5. This LLC is managed by  X 
 a Manager 
its Members 
Officers 
6. The Managers, Members or officers of this LLC may act independently: Y 1LN 
. 
7. The name of the Manager of this LLC: 
The Manager is a (n) individual_2_, corporation 
partnership 
other 
The undersigned certifies that it/she/he understands that an LLC is eligible to register aircraft in its name provided 
that (I) the President and at least 2/3rds of the Board of Directors officers, managers or managing members, are 'U.S. 
Citizens" within the meaning of 49U.S.0 Section 40102 (a) (15) and (11) at least 75% of the voting interest or units is 
owned or controlled by persons who are "U.S.Citizens" or citizens of one of its possessions. (NOTE: AN LLC 
CANNOT REGISTER AS A NON-CITIZEN CORPORATION) 
If any member of this LLC is not a United States Citizen as defined in 40102(aXI5) an explanation appears below to support the 
certification that this LLC is a "U.S.Citizen"as required by 49U.S.C. Section 40102(aXI5Xc). 
JEGE, LLC 
By: MI 
Its: Manager 
(Title) 
a a r tri 
O 
PROVIDED BY INTERNATIONAL AIRCRAFT TITLE & ESCROW 
EFTA00010698
--- PAGE 2 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
VIM JUN 26 PH t: q2 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00010699


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010700.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010700.pdf
----------------------------------------
Operator Infommtion 
« Previous Pape 
New Operate. Name Search 
New Operator Oedemata Code Search 
Ong 
Oin'ealr 
valid Dare 
°MC* Name 
Office City 
Off c. State 
Office Zip 
Office Phone 
Surrende 
CEO Information 
)29 
Dpon 
Adtress 
Address 
Phone 
Cale 
CEO NAT • 
Address 1 
City 
Sure 
Zip 
Crnarry 
Phone 
Eaten 
Foreign Phone 
1C311 
EPSTEIN 
VLSI 
PALM 
I FL 
I 33106 I US
JFFFRFY 
I eacii 
AVIS Air Operator Data MS (Vital Information System) Operators Nrerart 
56131730.82 
Mn. 
()son GNU 
FAR 
• of Actt 
Roo Ant 
FAR121 
PAX 
BOEING 
I JAM 
Norea.ds mainlinecurrent searcherieria 
« Previous Page 
125 
Operator Intonation 
New Operator Name Search 
New Operator Oedemata Code Search 
pose 
O0421ot 
Valid Oat. 
Surrendered I ORLONDOCERTIFICATE MANAGEMENT OFFICE 
Mr,. Nam. 
Cake Orr 
. Silt. 
Otfic. Phon. 
CEO Intonation 
32819 
Ospn 
Address 
Coda 
CEO Atim• 
Address 1 
ally 
Camay 
Mom 
Phno 
/proton 
Won 
Phone 
JL f f ILLY 
NVIS Air Operator Data 
[No records maids he current searchalone 
INorecords match me Current scerchapene 
EFTA00010700


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010701.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010701.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: Citecheck 
Date: Wed, 27 Oct 2021 19:51:23 +0000 
Attachments: Govt_Reply_v2.docx 
Heys 
Thanks for hopping on this! Here's a portion of a brief we need citechecked. If there are cites you can't check because 
you don't have the documents, just highlight them and I'll check them. 
Thanks, and let me know if you have any questions! 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Saint Andrews Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
EFTA00010701


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010702.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010702.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
c4 
FW: Aircraft info 
Mon, 04 Oct 2021 19:56:46 +0000 
SIMPLE FLIGHT PLANS N331JE (2010-2020).xlsx; 
SIMPLE FLIGHT PLANS N491GM (2000-2009).xlsx; 
SIMPLE FLIGHT PLANS N491GM (2010-2020).xlsx; 
SIMPLE FLIGHT PLANS N722JE (2010-2014).xlsx; 
SIMPLE FLIGHT PLANS N722JE (2015-2020).xlsx 
From: 
(FAA) 
Sent: Tuesday, January 28, 2020 12:05 PM 
To: 
(NY) (FBI) sc
.> 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Aircraft info 
. (NY) (FBI) <
> 
I am sending some of the Flight Plan information that you requested. This information pertains to the helicopters that we 
discussed, including N491GM (for which we are still uncertain on the exact dates of ownership.) I hope that there is some 
useful information in here. Hopefully, you have someone who is good with Excel. That's the best way to be able to analyze 
or quickly find the information you might be looking for. 
I have included a few notes here to help you understand the information, but if you have questions, you can give me a 
call. 
The first thing you are probably going to wonder about are the dates which are part of the Dept Time, Dest Time columns, 
but also system tracking dates (more easily understandable) all the way to the right. You'll eventually notice that the 
earliest information on this batch of information is from 2007. It was around that time that we started keeping these 
records. 
The Airport Codes are the ICAO codes. The easiest way to figure out the departure and destination is to either google the 
airport identifier or use the list at this site: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICAO airport code 
All airports in the continental US begin with the ICAO code K. So if you see a three letter code, it is likely in the US, and 
would be prefaced with "K" in the ICAO code. For example, BOS (Boston Logan International Airport is KBOS). JFK is KJFK. 
All times (DEPT TIME, DEST TIME, ETA) are in Universal Coordinated Time (UTC) which we use in aviation. The format in 
these columns is: CDDTTTT. "C" is an internal code, "DD" is the day, and "TTTT" is the time, UTC, in 24-hour format. 
DEPT DOM and DEST DOM reflect whether the Departure or Destination locations are Domestic. This should provide 
some context for the airport codes, but I left that in, since international flights should have (are required to file) eAPIS 
information, and these columns might make it easier for you to find those flights. 
The FIX column isn't likely to be very helpful, but it refers to navigational fixes. It could provide additional clues to 
understanding where the flight went, but your best bet is to focus on the Dept and Dest. FIX has some very specific 
scenarios where it may be useful, but generally speaking it isn't worth a lot of time and energy, since the dept./dest. and 
times and dates are more relevant. The same is true with the ROUTE column. 
EFTA00010702
--- PAGE 2 ---
The MSG TYPE corresponds to the following Codes: 
ARR - Arrival 
AM 
Amendment 
CHG Change 
CNL Cancel 
DEP Departure 
DFP 
Defense Flight Plan (DVFR) 
DM 
Departure 
FP 
Flight Plan 
FPL 
Flight Plan 
LCM Lockheed Message (normally that a callsign received a verbal briefing) 
UZ 
Border crossing 
Hopefully you will all be able to find some decent leads or solidify some of your timelines of interest based on the 
information provided. 
V/r, 
Special Agent 
Law Enforcement Assistance Program (LEAP) 
Federal Aviation Administration, 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: 
(FAA) 
Sent: Tuesday, January 14, 2020 11:26 AM 
To: 
. (NY) (FBI) <
> 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Aircraft info 
Please call when you get this information. 
(NY) (FBI) sc
> 
I have attached Registration information for N331JE and N722JE. N722JE is the entire aircraft registration file. N331JE is 
just the section that appeared to contain all relevant information to your case. I can give you the entire file if you think 
there is more that might be applicable, and certified copies of the entire files can be obtained if they need to be used in 
court. In my experience, sending the entire aircraft registration file from the start usually is daunting for the investigators, 
and leads to tons of questions just trying to figure out what might be relevant. Sometimes aircraft files are 300 pages or 
more, and that can be frustrating when maybe only 20 were relevant to the SUBJECT. 
I have also attached the LLC Documents for Hyperion Air LLC which is the registered owner for both N331JE and N722JE. 
I have attached the Airman File for the SUBJECT, which is encrypted due to PH. I will send the password in a follow-on e-
mail. I looked at the medical file, but I believe the information contained therein has limited value to your investigation. I 
have created a separate encrypted document with only the information that may be helpful, so that you can evaluate 
potentially relevant information while maintaining medical privacy. If the information in the airman file or the document I 
created turns out to be critical evidence for your case, then certified copies of the airman and/or medical file can be 
obtained at a later date. 
As I mentioned previously, I want to clarify some details regarding the helicopters. What I found appeared to be slightly 
different from what was included in the original e-mail to me below. 
EFTA00010703
--- PAGE 3 ---
N722JE 
nicknamed Air Ghislaine 2 
Helicopter 
Sikorsky S-76C 
Aircraft Serial Number: 760750 
Date Current Registration issued: 17 July 2019 
Current Registered Owner: Hyperion Air LLC 
Current Registration Signed By: 
Aircraft Purchased from: ASI Wings LLC 
Date of Purchase: 13 June 2019 
Seller Signature: James D. Clark 
Special Registration Number Issued on: Paperwork not properly submitted by requestor 
Requested Special Registration Number: N162AE 
Date Requested Special Registration Number: 16 September 2011 (one year authorization) 
Bill of Sale: 18 July 2011 
Aircraft Purchased by ASI Wings, LLC from: Freedom Air International, Inc 
Aircraft Registered by: Freedom Air International, Inc 
Registration of Aircraft on 02 August 2010 Signed By: Darren K. Indyke 
Name Change To: Shmitka Air Inc 
Name Change From: Air Ghislaine Inc 
Date of Registered Owner Name Change: 11 February 2010 
Requested Special Registration Number: N722JE 
Special Registration Number Issued on: 10 March 2010 
Date Requested Special Registration Number: 11 February 2010 
Aircraft Registered by: Air Ghislaine, Inc. 
Registration of Aircraft on 29 December 2008 Signed By: 
Aircraft Purchased from Sikorsky on: 30 December 2008 
Aircraft Assigned Registration Number: N750A 
N331JE 
Helicopter 
Bell 430 
Aircraft Serial Number: 49078 
Date Current Registration issued: 19 November 2019 
Current Registered Owner: Hyperion Air, LLC 
Current Registration Signed By: 
Aircraft Purchased from: Hyperion Air, Inc. 
Date of Purchase: 12 August 2013 
Seller Signature: Darren K. Indyke 
Special Registration Number Placed on Aircraft: 25 June 2012 
Requested Special Registration Number: N331JE 
EFTA00010704
--- PAGE 4 ---
Special Registration Number Issued on: 04 June 2012 
Date Requested Special Registration Number: 22 May 2012 
Aircraft Purchased from: Bovale Developments, Inc. 
Date of Purchase: 06 March 2012 
Seller Signature: William P. Merriam Jr 
Aircraft Registration Number: N901RL 
N491GM 
Helicopter 
Bell 407 
I have not yet been able to identify the serial number for N491GM which should lead to the registration documents. If you 
know who the aircraft was sold to, or what registration number it currently uses, I would be able to obtain those 
documents. 
Finally, does this surname have any relevance to your case (potential pilot of one of the aircraft)? VAN HEURCK 
V/r, 
Law Enforcement Assistance Program (LEAP) 
Federal Aviation Administration, 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: 
Sent: Friday, December 6, 20191:18 PM 
To: 
(FAA) < 
Cc: 
) 
Subject: Aircraft info 
(NY) (FBI) <
> 
(NY) (FBI) sc
l> 
It was nice talking with you yesterday. Thanks for your assistance with this. Please see the below email of aircraft 
information. 
Below are the aircrafts we believe Maxwell has/had been using. The helicopter we know that she personally piloted, while 
the jets we know her to be a passenger. You'll notice some of the aircrafts will be associated with Jeffrey Epstein, as she 
traveled with him frequently. Any information you are able to provide would be helpful. If there is additional passenger 
manifests for each of these aircrafts we'd like to know that as well. I know we discussed that sometimes that's not 
available. As you can imagine, this case is high profile, so I appreciate any discretion you can make on your part. 
Please let me know if I left something out that would be able to assist you in any way. 
Thanks again, 
Special Agent 
FBI New York 
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking 
C: 
O: 
EFTA00010705
--- PAGE 5 ---
From: 
(NY) (FBI) 
Sent: Friday, December 06, 2019 1:02 PM 
To: 
. (NY) (FBI) 
Subject: Aircraft info 
Hello! 
Below is the info for the helicopters and the private jet. 
Name: Ghislaine Noelle Maxwell 
• Certificate: Private Pilot 
• Date of Issue: 10/2/2007 
• Helicopter: Rotorcraft 
o Sikorsky S-76C; nicknamed Air Ghislaine 2 
• Likely Serial Number: 760750 
o States certificate was issued on 7/17/2019 
• Helicopter Info: 
• Tail Number: N722JE 
• Type: 2008 Keystone Helicopter S-76C 
• Prior Registration: Freedom Air International Inc, 
• Old Tail Number: N331JE 
o Serial Number: 49078 
o States certificate was issued on 9/6/2013 
2nd Helicopter: 
• Bell Jet Ranger 
• Tail Number: N491GM 
• Nicknamed: Air Ghislaine 1 
Private Jet: 
• Tail Number: N212JE 
o Serial Number: 5173 
o Type: GV SP (G550) Fixed Wing Multi Engine 
o Certificate Issued: 3/31/2017 
• Tail Number: N1201E 
o Serial Number: 1085 
o Type: G-IV Fixed Wing Multi Engine 
o Certificate Issued: 5/30/2013 
• Tail Number: N909.IE 
o Serial Number: 151 
o Type: G1159B 
o Certificate Issued: 11/18/2013 
• Tail Number: N9081E 
o Serial Number: 20115 
o Type: Boeing 727-31 
o Certificate Issued: 1/25/2001 
Let me know if you need anything else, 
Wilmington, DE 
EFTA00010706


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010707.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010707.pdf
----------------------------------------
No Images Produced
EFTA00010707


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010708.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010708.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: te" 
To: '
iieS)" 
<a, 
"(USANYS)" 
Subject: unsealing order and related materials 
Date: Tue, 09 Apr 2019 23:14:57 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: 2019-04-09, JEJealed_memorandum_and_order_re_unsealing,_17_Civ_7433.pdf; 2019-
04-09, JE,_unsealing_orderican_be_shared_with_BSF).pdf; 2019-04-
°9, JE,_unsealing_conference_before_Judge_McMahon,transcriptpdf; 2019-04-
°9, JEJetter_providing_additional_authority,_17_Civ_0616_(SN)_(wittexhibit).pdf 
Long day today with all this, but ultimately very productive. To the extent any of this is of interest, attached are Judge 
McMahon's memorandum and order; the separate (shareable) unsealing order; and the very brief transcript of my 
conference with her earlier today. Also attached is the letter providing additional authority submitted this evening to 
Judge Netbum in connection with our similar application in her case. 
thanks, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010708


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010709.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010709.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: RE: Epstein ODAG update 
Date: Wed, 19 Jun 2019 18:51:18 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: 2019-06-19, JE, status memo for ODAG.docx 
The chiefs asked us to draft and circulate an ODAG update memo, which is attached (and reflects their input), following up 
on the two prior such memos we've done. Please let us know if any questions, or if any other information would be 
useful, and thanks. 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010709


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010710.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010710.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Date: Wed, 15 May 2019 17:27:18 +0000 
Attachments: IMG_7021.jpg 
Inline-Images: image.png 
Today (5/15/19) the grossly corrupt scumbags at the SEC approved ANOTHER massive fraud on the investing 
public: 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1665300/999999999519001111/xsIEFFECTX01/primary doc.xml 
The "genius fin quant" AQT/Greek shipping 
/Economou/DRYS/ORIG/Astra/Nautilus/Navios/Gerber/AIPAC/Nordlicht/Glass/1MDB/Knitowski/Caneum/Trym 
etris/Liquid etc etc etc money laundering shell. 
Well done! 
BTW, HOW is the George Economou/ Georgios EKONOMOU SEC "investigation" coming along anyway? 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George Economou (shipbuilder) 
EFTA00010710
--- PAGE 2 ---
George Economou (shipbuilder) - Wikipedia 
George Economou or Georgios Ekonomou (Ildwytoc Otkovdµou, born 1953) is a Greek billionaire 
shipowner, CEO of DryShips Inc. and Ocean Rig, and the owner of Cardiff Marine.Economou owns oil 
tankers as well as dry bulk ships and manages them through Cardiff Marine. He was on the Forbes 
Magazines list of the world's billionaires on place 707. 
en.wikipedia.org 
What a coincidence: 
https://www.vanityfaiccominews/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team amp 
Trump's Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Is an Obscure Medieval Historian 
Andrew Ekonomou had a "mid-life crisis" and became an expert 
on Byzantium. Now he's helping lead the president's legal team in 
the Russia investigation. 
www.vanityfair.com 
Dude is DEFINITELY not getting the attention he deserves 
Then again, 
WHO actually believes Marc Bistricer of Toronto Canada was INVESTING in the US laundering Ekonomou 
shell known as DryShips? 
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4096781-strong-court-case-dryships-kalani
Very Strong Court Case Against DryShips And 
Kalani - DryShips Inc. (NASDAQ:DRYS) I 
Seeking Alpha - Stock Market Insights I 
Seeking Alpha 
Source: rgrdlaw.com (court document) In 2012, DRYS generated 
$1.23 billion in total revenue, yet posted a $246 million loss. In 
fact, the company has been posting losses every year for the last 
seekingalpha.com 
'Charity not the motive" 
https://www.tradewindsnews.com/legal/1738610/kalani-claims-charity-not-a-motive-for-dryships-a id 
EFTA00010711
--- PAGE 3 ---
Kalani claims charity not a motive for DryShips 
aid I TradeWinds 
KaIani claims charity not a motive for DryShips aid Marc Bistricer-
led investment house says it had risk and profit in mind lending 
to George Economou's struggling public company, not attempt to 
ve.wv.tradewindsnews.com 
The Toronto connection runs MUCH deeper though 
The overlap with AQR blank check shells and Polar Asset Mgmt Toronto 
The Toronto based Bistricer and EKONOMOU 
Bistricers in New Jersey TOO! 
AND 
DAVID Bistricer happens to be a real estate developer 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001649096&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Bistricer/Clipper "investor" 
Toronto based C I Investments 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000116364819000009/0001163648-19-000009-index.htm 
Check out this Reg D offering Bistricer/ Clipper did in Jan 2016 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000161577416004014/xsIFormDX01/primary doc.xml 
$130,000 Reg D offering for this Bistricer/Clipper publicly traded "real estate" company was done with an 
Atlanta based firm called H&L Equities 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Nothing to see here. 
Of Course, then there's the Hail Mary pass Kushner threw on his Toronto based Brookfield deal for 666 5th 
Avenue 
https://www.thestarcom/news/world/2019/03/12/toronto-based-brookfield-faces-scrutiny-from-democrats-
over-deal-with-kushner-company.html 
ler] 
Toronto-based Brookfield faces scrutiny from 
Democrats over deal with Kushner company 
The Star 
The real estate giant says politics were not at all involved in its 
decision to acquire a New York office tower from the family of 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
aide. 
www.thestarcom 
EFTA00010712
--- PAGE 4 ---
which was brokered by Apollo/Epstein Degenerate Black/Harris/Rowan 
https://therealdeal.com/2018/11/15/brookfield-turns-to-apollo-for-666-fifth-financingL
;2, 
666 Fifth I Brookfield I Apollo Global 
Management 
Private equity company Apollo Global Management is funding 
Brookfield Property Partners' redevelopment of 666 Fifth Avenue 
with a $300 million-plus mezzanine loan, sources told The Real 
Deal ... 
therealdeal.com 
Apollo and other Kushner financing pal Blackstone just happen to be BOTH granted free reign on the US 
insurance/annuity industry. 
Crazy shit huh? 
Greek shipping Bag man Georgios Ekonomou meets Jared Kushner 
But it gets better still: 
Stephen Feinberg: Cerberus 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy-
advisory-panel
;2, 
Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
to Lead Spy Advisory Panel - Bloomberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
Feinberg to lead his intelligence advisory board, the White House 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
and ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
Bawag/Refco 
Virtu first bid for Knight post "glitch" 
and now: Money Laundering Bank HSH 
Stephen Feinberg: Scum of the Earth meet Georgio EKONOMOU 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001369241&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Janey, IG update my various pending TCR's and complaints 
Yours VERY TRULY 
And INFINITELY smarter than anyone on this e mail list 
Christopher J Dilorio 
EFTA00010713
--- PAGE 5 ---
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Monday, May 13, 2019 5:41 AM 
Tol 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, May 11, 2019 8:00 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Monday, May 6, 2019 6:38 AM 
Greetings grossly corrupt SEC et al scumbags 
As with ALL of my allegations: beyond a shadow of a doubt, 100% accurate 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/complaints/comp17673.htm 
Complaint: SEC v. 
EFTA00010714
--- PAGE 6 ---
COMPLAINT. Plaintiff United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") alleges as 
follows: SUMMARY. 1. This case involves a $15 million "pump and dump" scheme involving the securities 
of Environmental Solutions Worldwide, Inc. ("Environmental"), a public company whose common stock is 
registered with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act-), and is ... 
www.sec.gov 
ESWW was a money laundering shell. 
The SEC knows it. The degenerate Epstein knows it. The Degenerate Leon Black/Kushner BFF/ Milken 
proteges/Marc Rowan/Apollo knows it. 
The DOJ/IRS knows it. 
IG, I have repeatedly offered to come to SEC DC HQ to have the brightest minds at the SEC totally humiliate me 
by refuting my allegations 1 by 1. The grossly corrupt SEC scumbags have never taken me up on my generous 
offer. For the very simple reason that ALL of my allegations are accurate and true. 
So, I again put the offer out there: 
refute my claims OR go to jail for the criminal obstruction ACTIVELY being facilitated by your office and the SEC. 
So, let's give these scumbags the insurance/annuities market. 
This will NOT end well for tens of thousands of Americans. 
Who "green lighted" this take over of the insurance industry by PE/Hedge funds? 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/antoinegara/2018/02/01/apollo-and-blackstone-pick-insurance-as-their-next-
bet-to-disrupt-wall-street/#5d647dbe7689 
;2, 
Apollo And Blackstone Pick Insurance As Their 
Next Bet To Disrupt Wall Street - Forbes 
For decades, Wall Streets gambit in insurance was to write 
policies and use the float as a source of capital for new 
investments. Ifs a staple of Berkshire Hathaway and copycats like 
Markel and ... 
www.forbes.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, May 2, 2019 3:35 PM 
EFTA00010715
--- PAGE 7 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
IG, 
This was a blatant attempt to intimidate a whistleblower. "HE" (I think a male although very effeminate voice) 
was an anonymous, coward, scumbag who threatened me. AND then called me another 11/12 times after that. 
This is a VERY serious matter. Felony. I intend to see "him" prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Within 
weeks of filing a complaint against the SEC and you. 
I obviously have hit a nerve. 
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/white-house-tells-official-who-gave-kushner-security-
clearance-don-n997476 
White House whistleblower speaks out on 
security clearance controversy 
Carl Kline was supposed to appear before House committee staff 
Tuesday to face questions related to his handling of White House 
security clearances. 
www.nbcnews.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Diiorio (no L's scumbag) 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, April , 
EFTA00010716
--- PAGE 8 ---
subject. Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
ESWW: A money laundering NASDACUOTCM shell 
Milken degenerate Leon Black/Joshua Harris: Apollo 
AND 
Jeffrey Epstein 
The SEC has known for years that Epstein is running a extortion/Ponzi/Slush Fund 
My Claims AGAIN 
https://seekingalpha.com/article/3715526-environmental-solutions-worldwide-revisiting-holding-gone-dark-
can-sleep-better-night?mod=mw quote news 
Environmental Solutions Worldwide: Revisiting 
A Holding That's Gone Dark, So I Can Sleep 
Better At Night - Environmental Solutions 
Worldwide, Inc. (OTCMKTS:ESWW) I Seeking 
Alpha - Stock Market Insights I Seeking Alpha 
New CEO and recent trading activity warranted a review of a 
holding that no longer files. Based on the environment, difficult 
y/y comparisons and results from competitors, 2015 is likely a 
down year. 
seekingalpha.corn 
'Not credible"??? 
How about the SEC's OWN words? 
https://www.bloombetg.corninews/articles/201 8-10-0 Usee-spots-a-way-to-starve-the-most-suspicious-penny-
stocks 
EFTA00010717
--- PAGE 9 ---
SEC Spots a Way to Starve the Most 
Suspicious Penny Stocks - Bloomberg 
"If a company is a dark company and listed in the OTC market 
and hasn't put out financials for six months, maybe it shouldn't 
be quoted or offered to retail investors," Redfearn said ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
See my comment letters on this subject. 
The SEC INTENTIONALLY puts the investing public at risk of frauds like this and thousands others like it. 
The core biz at NITE/VIRT,CDEL etc and the reason WHY the OTCM exists: Abusive naked shorting publicly 
traded shells to facilitate money laundering. 
Shells go dark only AFTER a massive fraud has been perpetrated on the investing public: Main Street 
ANOTHER "genius" degenerate: Apollo 
the grossly corrupt SEC: Bought and paid for by common criminals and degenerates 
IC, I have time for that REQUIRED 3rd party cc today 
Call me 
Cheers! 
Christo her Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Sunday, April 14, 2019 1:04 PM 
JUIJM.t. 
CFMLCII I/ nu3IIIICI 
LUFILICCUULI 
A little Steffie Avakian//Heiss/O'Melveny/Wilmer Hale/ Apollo/Kushner Home Cooking! 
https://www.omm.com/professionals/howard-e-heiss/ 
EFTA00010718
--- PAGE 10 ---
st 
Howard E. Heiss - O'Melveny & Myers 
Howard Heiss has an extensive litigation practice focused on 
government regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, 
grand-jury investigations, and the defense of clients in criminal 
cases, with a particular emphasis on securities matters. 
www.omm.com 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1411494/000119312508077312/dsl.htm 
Form S-1- SEC.gov 
Table of Contents. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The securities 
may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is 
effective. 
www.sec.gov 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/people/jamie-gorelick 
Jamie Gorelick I WilmerHale 
Jamie Gorelick's career has spanned the legal, policy and corporate landscapes. As one of Washington's 
best-known litigators, Ms. Gorelick has represented corporations and individuals in a wide array of matters, 
particularly in the regulatory and enforcement arenas, involving issues as diverse as antitrust, 
environmental regulation, securities enforcement, national security regulation, etc. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/insights/news/former-director-of-the-fbi-robert-mueller-iii-joins-wilmerhale 
Former Director of the FBI Robert Mueller III 
Joins WilmerHale 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
joining the firm as a partner after serving as the sixth Director of 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), a position he took one 
week prior to the September 11 attacks and held for 12 years 
under two presidents. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.sec.gov/biography/avakian-stephanie 
EFTA00010719
--- PAGE 11 ---
SEC.gov I Stephanie Avakian 
Stephanie Avakian was named Co-Director of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of 
Enforcement in June 2017, after serving as Acting Director since December 2016. 
WNW. sec goy 
SEC drops Apollo investigation after Kush Jr met with Harris at the WH 
and Apollo gives Kush's some $$$$ 
And, Apollo gets $60 bil+ in inflows in 2018 
Did I miss something? 
Cheers! 
You corrupt fucking scumbags 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, April 13, 2019 11:30 AM 
Subject: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Find a shell 
Find a fraud 
Enviromental Solutions Worldwide Inc 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001082278&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Florida? 
Pennsylvania? 
Or 
Canada? 
EFTA00010720
--- PAGE 12 ---
Welcomed on Cromwell/Wimpfheimer OTCM 
De registered in 2015 and Frozen in time 
Literally 
http://eswgroup.com/esw-group-corporate/our-board/ 
Our Board - ESW Group® 
MARK YUNG Mr Yung is Co-Founder and Managing Principal of 
OCV Management LLC ("OCV"), an investor, owner and operator 
of technology and life science companies based in Los Angeles. 
Previously, Mr. Yung was a Managing Director at Orchard Capital 
Corp., a firm he joined in 2006. Through his affiliation with [...] 
eswgroup.com 
Dozens of filings by former Milken (ahem) right hand man Leon Black, Apollo, his family Trust, et al 
Then, 
There's this: 
Has anyone (anyone) ever seen Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein on the other side of a trade? 
The ONLY SEC filing of Epsteins' Financial Trust Company Inc is in 
wait for it 
Leon Black/Apollo Environmental Solutions Worldwide 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000090901211000390/0000909012-11-000390-index.htm 
Enter the Amicus blocking release of Epstein docs 
Krieger, Kim and Lewin 
https://www.kkIllp.com/ 
Krieger Kim & Lewin LLP 
We are committed to providing the highest level of partner-driven representation in order to efficiently 
achieve client objectives. Over the last decade, we have conducted and supervised dozens of federal 
criminal trials involving some of the highest profile and most sensitive matters prosecuted by the United 
States Government. 
www.kkillp.com 
Financial fraud appears to be a specialty of this recently formed/SDNY Alum firm 
Now, 
it gets VERY interesting 
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/28/apollo-citigroup-loaned-kushner-companies-millions-new-york-times.html 
EFTA00010721
--- PAGE 13 ---
Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Kelly 
Kushner even discussed the possibility of a White House job for 
the founder of private equity firm Apollo, the New York Times 
reported on Tuesday. 
www.cnbc.com 
Where another Milken protege/Apollo founding partner Josh Harris was considered for a White House job 
"Coindences" 
https://nypost.com/2018/03/02/sec-dropped-probe-month-after-firm-aided-kushner-companyj
SEC dropped probe month after firm aided 
Kushner company 
The feds last year dropped an investigation into a financial 
company a month after the firm gave Jared Kushner's family real 
estate business a $180 million loan, a new report said Friday. 
There ... 
nypost.com 
Oh, baby 
$60 billion+ inflows in 2018 for Apollo 
https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180802005343/en/Apollo-Global-Management-LLC-Reports-
Quarter-2018 
Apollo Global Management, LLC Reports 
Second Quarter 2018 Results I Business Wire 
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apollo Global Management, LLC 
(NYSE:APO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "Apollo") 
today reported results for the second quarter ended June 30, 
2018. 
www.businesswire.com 
Mr's Krieger,Kim,Boltz et al: 
Discovery will be a hoot! 
EFTA00010722
--- PAGE 14 ---
Fucking A 
I am good 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
EFTA00010723


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010724.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010724.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Chris Dilorio 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Date: Thu, 18 Jul 2019 17:54:54 +0000 
Attachments: IMG_7021.jpg 
Inline-Images: image.png 
Healthcare fraud is pretty serious shit. 
What SECURITIES LAWS should be 
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1347 
U.S. Code § 1347 - Health care fraud I U.S. 
Code I US Law I 0 / Legal Information 
Institute 
to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, 
representations, or promises, any of the money or property 
owned by, or under the custody or control of, any health care 
benefit program, 
www.law.cornell.edu 
EFTA00010724
--- PAGE 2 ---
Colleran got off pretty easy, eh? 
Certainly LOOKS like CRIMINAL fraud and 
NOT 
CIVIL fraud 
Trump: 
'acting' Asst DOJ Readier becomes JUDGE Readier just like that 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chad Readier 
Chad Readler - Wikipedia 
August 23, 1972 (age 46) Pontiac, Michigan, U.S.: Education: 
University of Michigan (BA, JD): Chad Andrew Readler (born 
August 23, 1972) is a United States Circuit Judge of the United 
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit and former Principal 
Deputy and former Acting Assistant Attorney General for the 
en.wikipedia.org 
The criminality associated with this White House is off the charts. 
Calk: Lorber 
Lorber/Elliman/lcahn: Frost/Honig/Stetson 
AND 
Alpha Capital: Martin Schlaff: MY CLAIMS 
Ladenburg/Gruntal: Refco/Bawag 
Also Schlaff AND: Englander/Nordlicht/Kushners 
abusive naked shorting to facilitate $$ laundering: Sedona/ Scan Graphics 
My claims: NITE/VIRT: Refco on steroids 
also CDEL 
Frost brings down the WH 
Frost/Honig/Stetson: Therapix/FSDDF 
Urban: FSDDF/NITE/VIRT 
Blackstone: Luckiest fuckers on the Street: Here glitchy glitchy 
Epstein: Schwarzman 
Epstein: Black 
Black/Schwarzman: Kushner (my BX SEC TCR) 
SEC: dropped Apollo charges: Avakian/Heiss 
SEC NITE/VIRT obstruction: Jay/Sull Crom/Fishman 
1MDB: PHUN/Nordlicht/AIPAC: Greek shippers 
Economou/EKONOMOU 
Bistricers 
Feinberg: Danaos 
Trump attorney: EKONOMOU 
Barr 1MDB waiver: AQR 
Cheers! 
Follow me on Twitter 
I'll follow back 
Iololol 
EFTA00010725
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, July 13, 2019 7:31 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
More.... 
Trump Ohio fundraiser 
Brian Colleran 
https://www.cleveland.com/politics/2019/07/donald-trump-com ing-to-cleveland-f riday-for-fundraiser-at-
nursing-home-magnates-house.html 
Donald Trump coming to Cleveland Friday for 
fundraiser at nursing home magnate's house - 
cleveland.com 
CLEVELAND, Ohio — Republican President Donald Trump is 
visiting Cleveland on Friday for a private fundraiser at the home 
of nursing home executive Brian Colleran, sources with 
knowledge of the ... 
www.cleveland.com 
https://www.justice gov/opa/pethree-companies-and-their-executives-pay-195-million-resolve-false-claims-act-
allegations 
EFTA00010726
--- PAGE 4 ---
Three Companies and Their Executives Pay $19.5 
Million to Resolve False Claims Act Allegations 
Pertaining to Rehabilitation Therapy and Hospice 
Services I OPA I Department of Justice 
Ohio based Foundations Health Solutions Inc. (FHS), Olympia Therapy Inc. 
(Olympia), and India Hospice Care Inc. (Tridia), and their executives, Brian 
Colleran (Colleran) and Daniel Parker (Parker), have agreed to pay 
approximately $19.5 million to resolve allegations pertaining to the submission 
of false claims for medically unnecessary rehabilitation therapy and hospice 
wwwjustice.gov 
Another Honig $$$ laundering shell 
Intergetics 
Millenium 
NMC 
Regent 
take your pick 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0000072170&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0 
httpsliwww sec gov/Archives/edgar/data/72170/000114420410011488/0001144204-10-011488-index.htm 
Colleran 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/72170/000114420408023159/0001144204-08-023159-index.htm 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
and 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, July 11, 2019 8:07 AM 
To: 
< 
EFTA00010727
--- PAGE 5 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Mr Berman, 
Thanks for the shout out, but I'm not a journalist 
lololol 
Just a very long list of credible information I have provided to the grossly corrupt SEC et al scumbags 
Janey, update my various TCR's and derivatives. Separate but related Janey. Separate but related. 
Hey, is Jay still working on his NITE/VIRT/Sull Crom disclosures? 
https://www.nyti mes.com/2019/07/10/business/jeffrey-epstein-net-worth.html 
Jeffrey Epstein's 'Infinite Means' May Be a Mirage 
Mr. Epstein, facing sex-trafficking charges, has long been hailed as a financial 
wizard. He got rich with the help of two wealthy connections, but there is little 
evidence he's a billionaire. 
www.nytimes.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Monday, July 8, 2019 6:25 AM 
To: 
< 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Greetings Grossly corrupt SEC scumbags et al 
IMDS: S Florida $$$ laundering shell facilitated by the SEC 
Highlighted in my 2013 TCR filed with prestigious Berger Montague 
EFTA00010728
--- PAGE 6 ---
More AML flags than be counted 
MASSIVE naked short position 
MY claims 
SEC cover up. Now, re started so it can be unleashed on the investing public yet again. 
Martin Schlaff/Balmore/Alpha Cap 
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/business/martin-schlaff-is-behind-5-million-investment-in-collplant-
1.5457018 
Martin Schlaff: Bag Man 
But it gets MUCH better 
Graftech 
SEC reporting 
pronounced "Graft etc" 
https://www. sec.gov/Archives/edga r/data/931148/000119312516427770/0001193125-16-427770-i ndex. htm 
EDGAR Filing Documents for 0001193125-16-427770 
GrafTech Global Enterprises Inc. (Filer) CIK: 0000940404 (see all company filings) IRS No.: 061415602 I State 
of Incorp.:DE I Fiscal Year End: 1231 Type: 15-15D I Act ... 
vAvw.sec.gov 
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/electionstpremium-the-netanyahu-milikowsky-ties-could-be-on-the-
way-to-an-fbi-investigation-1.7090960 
lei' 
The FBI may be about to probe Netanyahu's 
ties to cousin Milikowsky 
www.haaretz.com 
Wall Street / CNBC Wiz Karen Finerman 
"Save Graft etc" 
https://www.sec.gov/Archivesiedgar/data/931148/000119312515018174/d857124dex991.htm 
EX-99.1 - sec.gov 
Exhibit 1 "SAVE GRAFTECH" GROUP NOMINATES FULL SLATE OF SEVEN DIRECTORS TO GRAFTECH BOARD 
. NEW YORK, January 23, 2015 - Save GrafTech, an investor group led by Nathan Milikowsky, a holder of 
over 15 million shares, or over 11.2%, of the common stock of GrafTech International Ltd. (NYSE: GTI), today 
sent a letter to the GrafTech Board of Directors disclosing that it has submitted a ... 
voNw.sec gov 
EFTA00010729
--- PAGE 7 ---
pg 57 of this SEC reviewed public offering 
https://vvvvw.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/931148/000104746919000874/a2237872zs-Lhtm 
www.sec.gov 
(1) Includes 2,625,000 shares of common stock that the underwriters have the option to purchase from the 
selling stockholder (2) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the amount of registration fee in 
accordance with Rule 457(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, based upon the average of the 
high and low sales prices of the registrant's common stock as reported by the ... 
www.sec.gov 
2018 revenue up 244% vs 2017 due to sharp increase in graphite electrode pricing 
BUT, graphite electrode prices rose significantly in 2017 
and 
FELL in 2018 
https://agmetalminer.corn/tag/graphite-electrodes/ 
graphite electrodes Archives - Steel, Aluminum, Copper, Stainless, Rare 
Earth, Metal Prices, Forecasting I MetalMiner 
Needle coke, a crude oil derivative, accounts for 40-44% (depending on the year) of the cost to produce 
one metric ton of electrodes. Graftech, one of the leaders in graphite electrode production ... 
agmetalminer.com 
the Graftech/Graft etc balance sheet is complete fraud as well 
insolvent 
JP Morgan strikes again 
Grossly corrupt SEC "protecting Main Street as usual" 
Fraud certainly not limited to the OTCM 
Mr Teotia, 
congrats on taking Wes Bricker's job 
no doubt you're working hard on those KCG 2Q 2017 financials not "published" by Mr Transparency Dougie 
Cifu. 
Where would a $4 billion+ write down of naked short fails put the NITE/VIRT fraud on the list of egregious 
SEC accounting fraud failures? 
Top 5? 
Let me know if I can help 
In furtherance of the conspiracy.... 
Cheers! 
Christo her Ditorio 
From: Chris Dilorio < 
Sent: Wednesday, June 26, 2019 6:07 AM 
To: jd@johnnydwyermet; mmorrison@judicialwatch.org; jfarrell@judicialwatch.org 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
EFTA00010730
--- PAGE 8 ---
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Tuesday, June 25, 2019 2:31 PM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 7:27 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 7:23 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Getting warmer Ms Strauss 
httgs://www.justice.gov/usao-sdnyigr/bank-ceo-stephen-m-calk-charged-corruptly-soliciting-presidential-
administration 
Bank CEO Stephen M. Calk Charged With Corruptly 
Soliciting A Presidential Administration Position In 
Exchange For Approving $16 Million In Loans I USAO-
SDNY I Department of Justice 
Audrey Strauss, the Attorney for the United States, Acting Under Authority 
Conferred by 28 U.S.C. § 515, William F. Sweeney Jr, the Assistant Director-in-
EFTA00010731
--- PAGE 9 ---
Charge of the New York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
("FBI"), and Patricia Tarasca, the Special Agent-in-Charge of the New York 
wwwjustice.gov 
But, this is the beginning of the story 
not the end 
Calk/Lorber/Elliman: Trump 
Lorber: New Valley Corp 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/106374/000095014405003084/g93826e10vk.htm 
Apollo Moscow/Kremlin development 
AND 
Ladenburg Thalman 
I asked in previous correspondence: 
Does ANYONE believe Frost risked BILLIONS to "MAKE" a few million? 
Frost was laundering a few millions. 
https://www.barrons.com/articles/sec-charges-phillip-frost-1536608366 
;2, 
SEC Charges Against Phillip Frost Might Just 
Be the Tip of the Iceberg 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filed stock fraud 
charges late last week against billionaire drug entrepreneur Phillip 
Frost and a group of associates, accusing them of making $27 
million in pump-and-dump stock schemes 
www.barrons.com 
Alpha Capital Anstalt Liechtenstein 
in my 2013 TCR: Money laundering/Miami based Imaging Diagnostics (see my IMDS e mails) 
Bag Men 
Also: "Greek Shipping company" FreeSeas (See my FreeSeas TCR) 
Despite overwhelming evidence of money laundering, you will find no reference to it in SEC complaints. 
https://www.sec.gov/news/press-release/2018-182 
SEC.gov I SEC Charges Microcap Fraudsters for Roles in Lucrative Market 
Manipulation Schemes 
The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged a group of 10 individuals and 10 associated 
entities for their participation in long-running fraudulent schemes that generated over $27 million from 
EFTA00010732
--- PAGE 10 ---
unlawful stock sales and caused significant harm to retail investors who were left holding virtually worthless 
vo.vw.sec goy 
No mention of AML despite glaring red flags 
No mention of executing Broker Dealers: Penny stock trading fairies 
The SEC has kept Alpha Capital Anstalt up and running so the activity detailed in my complaints can continue. 
And it does 
https://whalewisdom.com/filer/alpha-capital-anstalt 
ALPHA CAPITAL ANSTALT Top Holdings - WhaleWisdom 
Alpha Capital Anstalt is based out of Vaduz Liechtenstein. Whalewisdom has at least 6 13D filings, 158 13G 
filings, and 5 Form 4 filings The firm has no submitted 13F filings and does not appear to be an investment 
advisor. 
whalewisdom.com 
Now: Lorber/Calk/Elliman: New Valley: shell 
Ladenburg/Frost/Alpha Cap Anstalt $$$ laundering shells 
Apollo/Lorber: Moscow/Kremlin "development" 
"Tip of the Iceberg" indeed 
In furtherance of the conspiracy 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, May 23, 2019 5:59 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
EFTA00010733
--- PAGE 11 ---
So: 
Leon Black/ Apollo/Schwarzman: Trump Kushner 
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: Epstein 
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: Putin/RU 
https://www.reuters.com/article/russia-putin-fund-idUSL5E7KG0SI20110916 
UPDATE 2-Putin gets SWF, PE backing for 
Russia fund 
* Apollo's Black shares platform with Putin 
www.reuters.com 
https://www.swfinstitute.org/news/33645/u-s-treasury-sanctions-russian-direct-investment-fund/amp
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: money laundering shells 
https://www.businessinsider.com/blackstone-dodged-a-bullet-with-knight-capital-2012-8 
;2. 
Blackstone Dodged A Bullet With Knight 
Capital - Business Insider 
A trader consulted by Business Insider said that Blackstone envied 
Knight Capital's market-making team, which executed an average 
of more than $20 billion trades last year and is designated market 
www.businessinsider.com 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000092242313000183/0000922423-13-000183-index.htm 
ICnight/Trimark/Optimark born out of "worthless paper"/ Russian/US Mafia/ money laundering shell: Ashton 
Technologies 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001003740&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0 
https://ag.ny.gov/press-release/us-attorney-lynch-and-nys-attomey-general-spitzer-announce-20-defendants-
indicted-50 
U.s. Attorney Lynch And N.y.s. Attorney General Spitzer Announce 20 
Defendants Indicted In $50 Million Boiler Room Stock Fraud Scheme I New 
York State Attorney General 
LORETTA E. LYNCH, United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, ELIOT SPITZER, New York 
State Attorney General, BARRY W. MAWN, Assistant Director-in-Charge of the Federal Bureau of 
EFTA00010734
--- PAGE 12 ---
Investigation in New York, and RICHARD H. WALKER, Director of the Division of Enforcement of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, today announced the unsealing of an indictment charging 20 ... 
ag.ny.gov 
Spitzer taken down by RUSSIAN hooker 
https://nypost.com/20 1 6/02/ 1 6/spizter-accuser-a-young-jobless-ex-hooker-who-lives-a-life-of-luxury/ 
Spitzer accuser was a $5K-a-night hooker 
who lives life of luxury - New York Post 
The Russian vixen who accused Eliot Spitzer of choking her at The 
Plaza hotel is a divorced, globe-trotting beauty who once bared 
all the dirty details of her life as a $5,000-a-night hooker, The ... 
nypost.com 
Any questions? 
Cheers traitorous scumbags! 
Christo her Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Sunday, May 19, 2019 8:03 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
I reiterate: 
The SEC is a grossly corrupt criminal organization bought and paid for by criminals who threaten the integrity of 
our markets to the clear and very egregious detriment of the investing public it is sworn to protect. 
http://www.marketrap.com/article/view article/9152/bernard-madoff-the-mafia-and-the-friends-of-michael-
milken 
EFTA00010735
--- PAGE 13 ---
Bernard Madoff, the Mafia, and the Friends of Michael Milken - Market Rap 
- The Investor Empowerment Community 
In 2005, Patrick Byrne, the CEO of Overstock.com and future Deep Capture investigative reporter, began a 
public crusade against illegal naked short selling (hedge funds and brokers creating phantom stock to 
manipulate stock prices down).He said, over and over, that the crime was destroying public companies and 
had the potential to trigger a systemic meltdown of our financial markets. 
www.marketrap.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio c 
Sent: Friday, May 17, 2019 6:22 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Wednesday, May 15, 2019 11:27 AM 
To: 
< 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Today (5/15/19) the grossly corrupt scumbags at the SEC approved ANOTHER massive fraud on the investing 
public: 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1665300/999999999519001111/xsIEFFECTX01/primary doc.xml 
The "genius f'n quant" AQR/Greek shipping 
/Economou/DRYWORIG/Astra/Nautilus/Navios/Gerber/AIPAC/Nordlicht/Glass/1MDB/Knitowski/Caneum/Trym 
etris/Liquid etc etc etc money laundering shell. 
Well done! 
BTW, HOW is the George Economou/ Georgios EKONOMOU SEC "investigation" coming along anyway? 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George Economou (shipbuilder) 
EFTA00010736
--- PAGE 14 ---
George Economou (shipbuilder) - Wikipedia 
George Economou or Georgios Ekonomou (Ildwytoc Otkovdµou, born 1953) is a Greek billionaire 
shipowner, CEO of DryShips Inc. and Ocean Rig, and the owner of Cardiff Marine.Economou owns oil 
tankers as well as dry bulk ships and manages them through Cardiff Marine. He was on the Forbes 
Magazines list of the world's billionaires on place 707. 
en.wikipedia.org 
What a coincidence: 
https://www.vanityfaiccominews/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team amp 
Trump's Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Is an Obscure Medieval Historian 
Andrew Ekonomou had a "mid-life crisis" and became an expert 
on Byzantium. Now he's helping lead the president's legal team in 
the Russia investigation. 
www.vanityfair.com 
Dude is DEFINITELY not getting the attention he deserves 
Then again, 
WHO actually believes Marc Bistricer of Toronto Canada was INVESTING in the US laundering Ekonomou 
shell known as DryShips? 
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4096781-strong-court-case-dryships-kalani
Very Strong Court Case Against DryShips And 
Kalani - DryShips Inc. (NASDAQ:DRYS) I 
Seeking Alpha - Stock Market Insights I 
Seeking Alpha 
Source: rgrdlaw.com (court document) In 2012, DRYS generated 
$1.23 billion in total revenue, yet posted a $246 million loss. In 
fact, the company has been posting losses every year for the last 
seekingalpha.com 
'Charity not the motive" 
https://www.tradewindsnews.com/legal/1738610/kalani-claims-charity-not-a-motive-for-dryships-a id 
EFTA00010737
--- PAGE 15 ---
Kalani claims charity not a motive for DryShips 
aid I TradeWinds 
KaIani claims charity not a motive for DryShips aid Marc Bistricer-
led investment house says it had risk and profit in mind lending 
to George Economou's struggling public company, not attempt to 
ve.wv.tradewindsnews.com 
The Toronto connection runs MUCH deeper though 
The overlap with AQR blank check shells and Polar Asset Mgmt Toronto 
The Toronto based Bistricer and EKONOMOU 
Bistricers in New Jersey TOO! 
AND 
DAVID Bistricer happens to be a real estate developer 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001649096&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Bistricer/Clipper "investor" 
Toronto based C I Investments 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000116364819000009/0001163648-19-000009-index.htm 
Check out this Reg D offering Bistricer/ Clipper did in Jan 2016 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000161577416004014/xsIFormDX01/primary doc.xml 
$130,000 Reg D offering for this Bistricer/Clipper publicly traded "real estate" company was done with an 
Atlanta based firm called H&L Equities 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Nothing to see here. 
Of Course, then there's the Hail Mary pass Kushner threw on his Toronto based Brookfield deal for 666 5th 
Avenue 
https://www.thestarcom/news/world/2019/03/12/toronto-based-brookfield-faces-scrutiny-from-democrats-
over-deal-with-kushner-company.html 
ler] 
Toronto-based Brookfield faces scrutiny from 
Democrats over deal with Kushner company 
The Star 
The real estate giant says politics were not at all involved in its 
decision to acquire a New York office tower from the family of 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
aide. 
www.thestarcom 
EFTA00010738
--- PAGE 16 ---
which was brokered by Apollo/Epstein Degenerate Black/Harris/Rowan 
https://therealdeal.com/2018/11/15/brookfield-turns-to-apollo-for-666-fifth-financingL
;2, 
666 Fifth I Brookfield I Apollo Global 
Management 
Private equity company Apollo Global Management is funding 
Brookfield Property Partners' redevelopment of 666 Fifth Avenue 
with a $300 million-plus mezzanine loan, sources told The Real 
Deal ... 
therealdeal.com 
Apollo and other Kushner financing pal Blackstone just happen to be BOTH granted free reign on the US 
insurance/annuity industry. 
Crazy shit huh? 
Greek shipping Bag man Georgios Ekonomou meets Jared Kushner 
But it gets better still: 
Stephen Feinberg: Cerberus 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy-
advisory-panel
;2, 
Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
to Lead Spy Advisory Panel - Bloomberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
Feinberg to lead his intelligence advisory board, the White House 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
and ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
Bawag/Refco 
Virtu first bid for Knight post "glitch" 
and now: Money Laundering Bank HSH 
Stephen Feinberg: Scum of the Earth meet Georgio EKONOMOU 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001369241&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Janey, IG update my various pending TCR's and complaints 
Yours VERY TRULY 
And INFINITELY smarter than anyone on this e mail list 
Christopher J Dilorio 
EFTA00010739
--- PAGE 17 ---
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Monday, May 13, 2019 5:41 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, May 11, 2019 8:00 AM 
To 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Monday, May 6, 2019 6:38 AM 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Greetings grossly corrupt SEC et al scumbags 
As with ALL of my allegations: beyond a shadow of a doubt, 100% accurate 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/complaints/comp17673.htm 
Complaint: SEC v. 
EFTA00010740
--- PAGE 18 ---
COMPLAINT. Plaintiff United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") alleges as 
follows: SUMMARY. 1. This case involves a $15 million "pump and dump" scheme involving the securities 
of Environmental Solutions Worldwide, Inc. ("Environmental"), a public company whose common stock is 
registered with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), and is ... 
www.sec.gov 
ESWW was a money laundering shell. 
The SEC knows it. The degenerate Epstein knows it. The Degenerate Leon Black/Kushner BFF/ Milken 
proteges/Marc Rowan/Apollo knows it. 
The DOORS knows it. 
IG, I have repeatedly offered to come to SEC DC HQ to have the brightest minds at the SEC totally humiliate me 
by refuting my allegations 1 by 1. The grossly corrupt SEC scumbags have never taken me up on my generous 
offer. For the very simple reason that ALL of my allegations are accurate and true. 
So, I again put the offer out there: 
refute my claims OR go to jail for the criminal obstruction ACTIVELY being facilitated by your office and the SEC. 
So, let's give these scumbags the insurance/annuities market. 
This will NOT end well for tens of thousands of Americans. 
Who "green lighted" this take over of the insurance industry by PE/Hedge funds? 
httpsliwww.forbes.com/sites/antoinegara/2018/02/01/apollo-and-blackstone-pick-insurance-as-their-next-
bet-to-disrupt-wall-street/#5d647dbe7689 
;'] 
Apollo And Blackstone Pick Insurance As Their 
Next Bet To Disrupt Wall Street - Forbes 
For decades, Wall Street's gambit in insurance was to write 
policies and use the float as a source of capital for new 
investments. Ifs a staple of Berkshire Hathaway and copycats like 
Markel and ... 
www.forbes.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, May 2, 2019 3:35 PM 
To: 
EFTA00010741
--- PAGE 19 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
1G, 
This was a blatant attempt to intimidate a whistleblower. "HE" (I think a male although very effeminate voice) 
was an anonymous, coward, scumbag who threatened me. AND then called me another 11/12 times after that. 
This is a VERY serious matter. Felony. I intend to see "him" prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Within 
weeks of filing a complaint against the SEC and you. 
I obviously have hit a nerve. 
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/white-house-tells-official-who-gave-kushner-security-
clearance-don-n997476 
White House whistleblower speaks out on 
security clearance controversy 
Carl Kline was supposed to appear before House committee staff 
Tuesday to face questions related to his handling of White House 
security clearances. 
www.nbcnews.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Diiorio (no L's scumbag) 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, April 25, 2019 6:27 AM 
To: 
EFTA00010742
--- PAGE 20 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
ESWW: A money laundering NASDAQ/OTCM shell 
Milken degenerate Leon Black/Joshua Harris: Apollo 
AND 
Jeffrey Epstein 
The SEC has known for years that Epstein is running a extortion/Ponzi/Slush Fund 
My Claims AGAIN 
https://seekingalpha.com/article/3715526-environmental-solutions-worldwide-revisiting-holding-gone-dark-
can-sleep-better-night?mod=mw quote news 
Environmental Solutions Worldwide: Revisiting 
A Holding That's Gone Dark, So I Can Sleep 
Better At Night - Environmental Solutions 
Worldwide, Inc. (OTCMKTS:ESWW) I Seeking 
Alpha - Stock Market Insights I Seeking Alpha 
New CEO and recent trading activity warranted a review of a 
holding that no longer files. Based on the environment, difficult 
y/y comparisons and results from competitors, 2015 is likely a 
down year 
seekingalpha.com 
'Not credible"??? 
How about the SEC's OWN words? 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-10-0 Usec-spots-a-way-to-starve-the-most-suspicious-penny-
stocks 
EFTA00010743
--- PAGE 21 ---
SEC Spots a Way to Starve the Most 
Suspicious Penny Stocks - Bloomberg 
"If a company is a dark company and listed in the OTC market 
and hasn't put out financials for six months, maybe it shouldn't 
be quoted or offered to retail investors," Redfearn said ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
See my comment letters on this subject. 
The SEC INTENTIONALLY puts the investing public at risk of frauds like this and thousands others like it. 
The core biz at NITE/VIRT,CDEL etc and the reason WHY the OTCM exists: Abusive naked shorting publicly 
traded shells to facilitate money laundering. 
Shells go dark only AFTER a massive fraud has been perpetrated on the investing public: Main Street 
ANOTHER "genius" degenerate: Apollo 
the grossly corrupt SEC: Bought and paid for by common criminals and degenerates 
IC, I have time for that REQUIRED 3rd party cc today 
Call me 
Cheers! 
Christo her Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Sunday, April 14, 2019 1:04 PM 
To: 
<fl 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
A little Steffie Avakian//Heiss/O'Melveny/Wilmer Hale/ Apollo/Kushner Home Cooking! 
https://www.omm.com/professionals/howard-e-heiss/ 
EFTA00010744
--- PAGE 22 ---
st 
Howard E. Heiss - O'Melveny & Myers 
Howard Heiss has an extensive litigation practice focused on 
government regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, 
grand-jury investigations, and the defense of clients in criminal 
cases, with a particular emphasis on securities matters. 
www.omm.com 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1411494/000119312508077312/dsl.htm 
Form S-1- SEC.gov 
Table of Contents. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The securities 
may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is 
effective. 
www.sec.gov 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/people/jamie-gorelick 
Jamie Gorelick I WilmerHale 
Jamie Gorelick's career has spanned the legal, policy and corporate landscapes. As one of Washington's 
best-known litigators, Ms. Gorelick has represented corporations and individuals in a wide array of matters, 
particularly in the regulatory and enforcement arenas, involving issues as diverse as antitrust, 
environmental regulation, securities enforcement, national security regulation, etc. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/insights/news/former-director-of-the-fbi-robert-mueller-iii-joins-wilmerhale 
Former Director of the FBI Robert Mueller III 
Joins WilmerHale 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
joining the firm as a partner after serving as the sixth Director of 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), a position he took one 
week prior to the September 11 attacks and held for 12 years 
under two presidents. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.sec.gov/biography/avakian-stephanie 
EFTA00010745
--- PAGE 23 ---
SEC.gov I Stephanie Avakian 
Stephanie Avakian was named Co-Director of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of 
Enforcement in June 2017, after serving as Acting Director since December 2016. 
VAVW. sec goy 
SEC drops Apollo investigation after Kush Jr met with Harris at the WH 
and Apollo gives Kush's some $$$$ 
And, Apollo gets $60 bil+ in inflows in 2018 
Did I miss something? 
Cheers! 
You corrupt fucking scumbags 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, April 13, 2019 11:30 AM 
To: 
Subject: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Find a shell 
Find a fraud 
Enviromental Solutions Worldwide Inc 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001082278&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Florida? 
Pennsylvania? 
Or 
Canada? 
EFTA00010746
--- PAGE 24 ---
Welcomed on Cromwell/Wimpfheimer OTCM 
De registered in 2015 and Frozen in time 
Literally 
http://eswgroup.com/esw-group-corporate/our-board/ 
Our Board - ESW Group® 
MARK YUNG Mr Yung is Co-Founder and Managing Principal of 
OCV Management LLC ("OCV"), an investor, owner and operator 
of technology and life science companies based in Los Angeles. 
Previously, Mr. Yung was a Managing Director at Orchard Capital 
Corp., a firm he joined in 2006. Through his affiliation with [...] 
eswgroup.com 
Dozens of filings by former Milken (ahem) right hand man Leon Black, Apollo, his family Trust, et al 
Then, 
There's this: 
Has anyone (anyone) ever seen Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein on the other side of a trade? 
The ONLY SEC filing of Epsteins' Financial Trust Company Inc is in 
wait for it 
Leon Black/Apollo Environmental Solutions Worldwide 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000090901211000390/0000909012-11-000390-index.htm 
Enter the Amicus blocking release of Epstein docs 
Krieger, Kim and Lewin 
https://www.kkIllp.com/ 
Krieger Kim & Lewin LLP 
We are committed to providing the highest level of partner-driven representation in order to efficiently 
achieve client objectives. Over the last decade, we have conducted and supervised dozens of federal 
criminal trials involving some of the highest profile and most sensitive matters prosecuted by the United 
States Government. 
www.kkillp.com 
Financial fraud appears to be a specialty of this recently formed/SDNY Alum firm 
Now, 
it gets VERY interesting 
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/28/apollo-citigroup-loaned-kushner-companies-millions-new-york-times.html 
EFTA00010747
--- PAGE 25 ---
Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Kelly 
Kushner even discussed the possibility of a White House job for 
the founder of private equity firm Apollo, the New York Times 
reported on Tuesday. 
www.cnbc.com 
Where another Milken protege/Apollo founding partner Josh Harris was considered for a White House job 
"Coindences" 
https://nypost.com/2018/03/02/sec-dropped-probe-month-after-firm-aided-kushner-companyj
SEC dropped probe month after firm aided 
Kushner company 
The feds last year dropped an investigation into a financial 
company a month after the firm gave Jared Kushner's family real 
estate business a $180 million loan, a new report said Friday. 
There ... 
nypost.com 
Oh, baby 
$60 billion+ inflows in 2018 for Apollo 
https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180802005343/en/Apollo-Global-Management-LLC-Reports-
Quarter-2018 
Apollo Global Management, LLC Reports 
Second Quarter 2018 Results I Business Wire 
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apollo Global Management, LLC 
(NYSE:APO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "Apollo") 
today reported results for the second quarter ended June 30, 
2018. 
www.businesswire.com 
Mr's Krieger,Kim,Boltz et al: 
Discovery will be a hoot! 
EFTA00010748
--- PAGE 26 ---
Fucking A 
I am good 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
EFTA00010749


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010750.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010750.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Chris Dilorio cz
• 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 May 2019 11:59:31 +0000 
Attachments: IMG_7021.jpg 
Inline-Images: image.png 
W: ' * 
•S I 1' us' r c 
So: 
Leon Black/ Apollo/Schwarzman: Trump Kushner 
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: Epstein 
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: Putin/RU 
https://www.reuters.com/article/russia-putin-fund-idUSL5E7KGOSI20110916 
EFTA00010750
--- PAGE 2 ---
UPDATE 2-Putin gets SWF, PE backing for 
Russia fund 
Apollo's Black shares platform with Putin 
www.reuters.com 
https://www.swfinstitute.org/news/33645/u-s-treasury-sanctions-russian-direct-investment-fund/amp
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: money laundering shells 
https://www.businessinsidencomiblackstone-dodged-a-bullet-with-knight-capital-2012-8 
Blackstone Dodged A Bullet With Knight 
Capital - Business Insider 
A trader consulted by Business Insider said that Blackstone envied 
Knight Capital's market-making team, which executed an average 
of more than $20 billion trades last year and is designated market 
www.businessinsider.com 
https://vvww.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000092242313000183/0000922423-13-000183-index.htm 
ICnight/Trimark/Optimark born out of "worthless paper"/ Russian/US Mafia/ money laundering shell: Ashton 
Technologies 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001003740&owner—exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0 
https://ag.ny.gov/press-release/us-attomey-lynch-and-nys-attomey-general-spitzer-announce-20-defendants-
indicted-50 
U.s. Attorney Lynch And N.y.s. Attorney General Spitzer Announce 20 
Defendants Indicted In $50 Million Boiler Room Stock Fraud Scheme I New 
York State Attorney General 
LORETTA E. LYNCH, United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, ELIOT SPITZER, New York 
State Attorney General, BARRY W. MAWN, Assistant Director-in-Charge of the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation in New York, and RICHARD H. WALKER, Director of the Division of Enforcement of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, today announced the unsealing of an indictment charging 20 ... 
ag.ny.gov 
Spitzer taken down by RUSSIAN hooker 
https://nypost.corn/2016/02/16/spizter-accuser-a-young-j bl 
-h 
k r-wh -liv -a-li 
f-I 
EFTA00010751
--- PAGE 3 ---
Spitzer accuser was a $5K-a-night hooker 
who lives life of luxury - New York Post 
The Russian vixen who accused Eliot Spitzer of choking her at The 
Plaza hotel is a divorced, globe-trotting beauty who once bared 
all the dirty details of her life as a 55,000-a-night hooker, The ... 
nypost.co 
Any questions? 
Cheers traitorous scumbags! 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio - 
Sent: Sunday, May 19, 2019 8:03 AM 
subject: 
Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
I reiterate: 
The SEC is a grossly corrupt criminal organization bought and paid for by criminals who threaten the integrity of 
our markets to the clear and very egregious detriment of the investing public it is sworn to protect. 
http://www.marketrap.com/article/view article/9152/bernard-madoff-the-mafia-and-the-friends-of-michael-
milken 
Bernard Madoff, the Mafia, and the Friends of Michael Milken - Market Rap 
- The Investor Empowerment Community 
In 2005, Patrick Byrne, the CEO of Overstock.com and future Deep Capture investigative reporter, began a 
public crusade against illegal naked short selling (hedge funds and brokers creating phantom stock to 
EFTA00010752
--- PAGE 4 ---
manipulate stock prices down).He said, over and over, that the crime was destroying public companies and 
Karl tha nntantial to trinnar a wctamir malteinwn of m it finanrial marleotc 
:_r-.! ke'::?. 0 COM 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Frida , Ma 17,1111.
1.
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Diloric 
Sent: Wednesday, May 15, 2019 11:27 AM 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Today (5/15/19) the grossly corrupt scumbags at the SEC approved ANOTHER massive fraud on the investing 
public: 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1665300/999999999519001111/xsIEFFECTX01/primary doc.xml 
The "genius f'n quant" AQR/Greek shipping 
/Economou/DRYS/ORIG/Astra/Nautilus/Navios/Gerber/AIPAC/Nordlicht/Glass/1MDB/Knitowski/Caneum/Trym 
etris/Liquid etc etc etc money laundering shell. 
Well done! 
BTW, HOW is the George Economou/ Georgios EKONOMOU SEC "investigation" coming along anyway? 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George Economou (shipbuilder) 
George Economou (shipbuilder) - Wikipedia 
George Economou or Georgios Ekonomou (1€dipytoc Ommovbµou, born 1953) is a Greek billionaire 
shipowner, CEO of DryShips Inc. and Ocean Rig, and the owner of Cardiff Marine.Economou owns oil 
EFTA00010753
--- PAGE 5 ---
tankers as well as dry bulk ships and manages them through Cardiff Marine. He was on the Forbes 
Magazines list of the world's billionaires on place 707. 
en.wikipedia.org 
What a coincidence: 
https://www.vanityfaitcominews/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team amp 
Trump's Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Is an Obscure Medieval Historian 
Andrew Ekonomou had a "mid-life crisis" and became an expert 
on Byzantium. Now he's helping lead the president's legal team in 
the Russia investigation. 
www.vanityfair.com 
Dude is DEFINITELY not getting the attention he deserves 
Then again, 
WHO actually believes Marc Bistricer of Toronto Canada was INVESTING in the US laundering Ekonomou 
shell known as DryShips? 
https://seekingalpha.corn/article/4096781-strong-court-case-dryships-kalani 
Very Strong Court Case Against DryShips And 
Kalani - DryShips Inc. (NASDAQ:DRYS) I 
Seeking Alpha - Stock Market Insights I 
Seeking Alpha 
Source: rgrdlaw.com (court document) In 2012, DRYS generated 
$1.23 billion in total revenue, yet posted a $246 million loss. In 
fact, the company has been posting losses every year for the last 
seekingalpha.com 
'Charity not the motive" 
https://www.tradewindsnews.com/legal/1738610/kalani-claims-charity-not-a-motive-for-dryships-aid
Kalani claims charity not a motive for DryShips 
aid I TradeWinds 
Kalani claims charity not a motive for DryShips aid Marc Bistricer-
led investment house says it had risk and profit in mind lending 
EFTA00010754
--- PAGE 6 ---
to George Economou's struggling public company, not attempt to 
v.ww.tradewindsnews.com 
The Toronto connection runs MUCH deeper though 
The overlap with AQR blank check shells and Polar Asset Mgmt Toronto 
The Toronto based Bistricer and EKONOMOU 
Bistricers in New Jersey TOO! 
AND 
DAVID Bistricer happens to be a real estate developer 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001649096&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Bistricer/Clipper "investor" 
Toronto based C I Investments 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000116364819000009/0001163648-19-000009-index.htm 
Check out this Reg D offering Bistricer/ Clipper did in Jan 2016 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000161577416004014/xsIFormDX01/primary doc.xml 
$130,000 Reg D offering for this Bistricer/Clipper publicly traded "real estate" company was done with an 
Atlanta based firm called H&L Equities 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Nothing to see here. 
Of Course, then there's the Hail Mary pass Kushner threw on his Toronto based Brookfield deal for 666 5th 
Avenue 
https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2019/03/12/toronto-based-brookfield-faces-scrutiny-from-democrats-
over-deal-with-kushner-company.html 
Toronto-based Brookfield faces scrutiny from 
Democrats over deal with Kushner company 
The Star 
The real estate giant says politics were not at all involved in its 
decision to acquire a New York office tower from the family of 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
aide. 
www.thestaccom 
which was brokered by Apollo/Epstein Degenerate Black/Harris/Rowan 
https://therealdeal.com/2018/11/15/brookfield-turns-to-apollo-for-666-fifth-financingL
EFTA00010755
--- PAGE 7 ---
666 Fifth I Brookfield I Apollo Global 
Management 
Private equity company Apollo Global Management is funding 
Brookfield Property Partners' redevelopment of 666 Fifth Avenue 
with a 5300 million-plus mezzanine loan, sources told The Real 
Deal ... 
therealdeal.corn 
Apollo and other Kushner financing pal Blackstone just happen to be BOTH granted free reign on the US 
insurance/annuity industry. 
Crazy shit huh? 
Greek shipping Bag man Georgios Ekonomou meets Jared Kushner 
But it gets better still: 
Stephen Feinberg: Cerberus 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy-
advisory-panel
Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
to Lead Spy Advisory Panel - Bloomberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
Feinberg to lead his intelligence advisory board, the White House 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
and ... 
www.bloomberg.corn 
Bawag/Refco 
Virtu first bid for Knight post "glitch" 
and now: Money Laundering Bank HSH 
Stephen Feinberg: Scum of the Earth meet Georgio EKONOMOU 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001369241&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Janey, IG update my various pending TCR's and complaints 
Yours VERY TRULY 
And INFINITELY smarter than anyone on this e mail list 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
EFTA00010756
--- PAGE 8 ---
From: Chris Dilorio < 
Sent: Monday, May 13, 2019 5:41 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio < 
_ 
Sent: Saturday, May 11, 2019 8:00 AM 
To: 
Subje : w: po o 
ps em us ner connec ion 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Monday, May 6, 2019 6:38 AM 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Greetings grossly corrupt SEC et al scumbags 
As with ALL of my allegations: beyond a shadow of a doubt, 100% accurate 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/complaints/comp17673.htm 
Complaint: SEC v. 
COMPLAINT. Plaintiff United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") alleges as 
follows: SUMMARY. 1. This case involves a $15 million "pump and dump" scheme involving the securities 
EFTA00010757
--- PAGE 9 ---
of Environmental Solutions Worldwide, Inc. ("Environmental"), a public company whose common stock is 
registered with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), and is ... 
www.sec.gov 
ESWW was a money laundering shell. 
The SEC knows it. The degenerate Epstein knows it. The Degenerate Leon Black/Kushner BFF/ Milken 
proteges/Marc Rowan/Apollo knows it. 
The DOORS knows it. 
IG, I have repeatedly offered to come to SEC DC HQ to have the brightest minds at the SEC totally humiliate me 
by refuting my allegations 1 by 1. The grossly corrupt SEC scumbags have never taken me up on my generous 
offer. For the very simple reason that ALL of my allegations are accurate and true. 
So, I again put the offer out there: 
refute my claims OR go to jail for the criminal obstruction ACTIVELY being facilitated by your office and the SEC. 
So, let's give these scumbags the insurance/annuities market. 
This will NOT end well for tens of thousands of Americans. 
Who "green lighted" this take over of the insurance industry by PE/Hedge funds? 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/antoinegara/2018/02/01/apollo-and-blackstone-pick-insurance-as-their-next-
bet-to-disrupt-wall-street/#5d647dbe7689 
Apollo And Blackstone Pick Insurance As Their 
Next Bet To Disrupt Wall Street - Forbes 
For decades, Wall Street's gambit in insurance was to write 
policies and use the float as a source of capital for new 
investments. Ifs a staple of Berkshire Hathaway and copycats like 
Markel and ... 
www.forbes.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio < 
Sent: Thursday, May , 
: 
EFTA00010758
--- PAGE 10 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
IG, 
This was a blatant attempt to intimidate a whistleblower. "HE" (I think a male although very effeminate voice) 
was an anonymous, coward, scumbag who threatened me. AND then called me another 11/12 times after that. 
This is a VERY serious matter. Felony. I intend to see "him" prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Within 
weeks of filing a complaint against the SEC and you. 
I obviously have hit a nerve. 
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/white-house-tells-official-who-gave-kushner-security-
clearance-don-n997476 
White House whistleblower speaks out on 
security clearance controversy 
Carl Kline was supposed to appear before House committee staff 
Tuesday to face questions related to his handling of White House 
security clearances. 
www.nbcnews.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Diiorio (no L's scumbag) 
From: Chris Dilorio < 
Sent: Thursday, April 25, 2019 6:27 AM 
EFTA00010759
--- PAGE 11 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
ESWW: A money laundering NASDACUOTCM shell 
Milken degenerate Leon Black/Joshua Harris: Apollo 
AND 
Jeffrey Epstein 
The SEC has known for years that Epstein is running a extortion/Ponzi/Slush Fund 
My Claims AGAIN 
https://seekingalpha.com/article/3715526-environmental-solutions-worldwide-revisiting-holding-gone-dark-
can-sleep-better-night?mod=mw quote news 
Environmental Solutions Worldwide: Revisiting 
A Holding That's Gone Dark, So I Can Sleep 
Better At Night - Environmental Solutions 
Worldwide, Inc. (OTCMKTS:ESWW) I Seeking 
Alpha - Stock Market Insights I Seeking Alpha 
New CEO and recent trading activity warranted a review of a 
holding that no longer files. Based on the environment, difficult 
y/y comparisons and results from competitors, 2015 is likely a 
down year. 
seekingalpha.com 
'Not credible"??? 
How about the SEC's OWN words? 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-10-01 /sec-spots-a-way-to-starve-the-most-suspicious-penny-
stocks 
EFTA00010760
--- PAGE 12 ---
SEC Spots a Way to Starve the Most 
Suspicious Penny Stocks - Bloomberg 
"If a company is a dark company and listed in the OTC market 
and hasn't put out financials for six months, maybe it shouldn't 
be quoted or offered to retail investors," Redfearn said ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
See my comment letters on this subject. 
The SEC INTENTIONALLY puts the investing public at risk of frauds like this and thousands others like it. 
The core biz at NITE/VIRT,CDEL etc and the reason WHY the OTCM exists: Abusive naked shorting publicly 
traded shells to facilitate money laundering. 
Shells go dark only AFTER a massive fraud has been perpetrated on the investing public: Main Street 
ANOTHER "genius" degenerate: Apollo 
the grossly corrupt SEC: Bought and paid for by common criminals and degenerates 
IC, I have time for that REQUIRED 3rd party cc today 
Call me 
Cheers! 
Chrigtonher Di[aria 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Sunday, April 14, 2019 1:04 PM 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
A little Steffie Avakian//Heiss/O'Melveny/Wilmer Hale/ Apollo/Kushner Home Cooking! 
https://www.omm.com/professionals/howard-e-heiss/ 
EFTA00010761
--- PAGE 13 ---
st 
Howard E. Heiss - O'Melveny & Myers 
Howard Heiss has an extensive litigation practice focused on 
government regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, 
grand-jury investigations, and the defense of clients in criminal 
cases, with a particular emphasis on securities matters. 
www.omm.com 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1411494/000119312508077312/dsl.htm 
Form S-1- SEC.gov 
Table of Contents. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The securities 
may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is 
effective. 
www.sec.gov 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/people/jamie-gorelick 
Jamie Gorelick I WilmerHale 
Jamie Gorelick's career has spanned the legal, policy and corporate landscapes. As one of Washington's 
best-known litigators, Ms. Gorelick has represented corporations and individuals in a wide array of matters, 
particularly in the regulatory and enforcement arenas, involving issues as diverse as antitrust, 
environmental regulation, securities enforcement, national security regulation, etc. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/insights/news/former-director-of-the-fbi-robert-mueller-iii-joins-wilmerhale 
Former Director of the FBI Robert Mueller III 
Joins WilmerHale 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
joining the firm as a partner after serving as the sixth Director of 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), a position he took one 
week prior to the September 11 attacks and held for 12 years 
under two presidents. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.sec.gov/biography/avakian-stephanie 
EFTA00010762
--- PAGE 14 ---
SEC.gov I Stephanie Avakian 
Stephanie Avakian was named Co-Director of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of 
Enforcement in June 2017, after serving as Acting Director since December 2016. 
WNW. sec .ciov 
SEC drops Apollo investigation after Kush Jr met with Harris at the WH 
and Apollo gives Kush's some $$$$ 
And, Apollo gets $60 bil+ in inflows in 2018 
Did I miss something? 
Cheers! 
You corrupt fucking scumbags 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, April 13, 2019 11:30 AM 
subject: Apollo/ Lpstein/Kusnner connection 
Find a shell 
Find a fraud 
Enviromental Solutions Worldwide Inc 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001082278&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Florida? 
Pennsylvania? 
Or 
Canada? 
EFTA00010763
--- PAGE 15 ---
Welcomed on Cromwell/Wimpfheimer OTCM 
De registered in 2015 and Frozen in time 
Literally 
http://eswgroup.com/esw-group-corporate/our-board/ 
Our Board - ESW Group® 
MARK YUNG Mr Yung is Co-Founder and Managing Principal of 
OCV Management LLC ("OCV"), an investor, owner and operator 
of technology and life science companies based in Los Angeles. 
Previously, Mr. Yung was a Managing Director at Orchard Capital 
Corp., a firm he joined in 2006. Through his affiliation with [...] 
eswgroup.com 
Dozens of filings by former Milken (ahem) right hand man Leon Black, Apollo, his family Trust, et al 
Then, 
There's this: 
Has anyone (anyone) ever seen Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein on the other side of a trade? 
The ONLY SEC filing of Epsteins' Financial Trust Company Inc is in 
wait for it 
Leon Black/Apollo Environmental Solutions Worldwide 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000090901211000390/0000909012-11-000390-index.htm 
Enter the Amicus blocking release of Epstein docs 
Krieger, Kim and Lewin 
https://www.kkIllp.com/ 
Krieger Kim & Lewin LLP 
We are committed to providing the highest level of partner-driven representation in order to efficiently 
achieve client objectives. Over the last decade, we have conducted and supervised dozens of federal 
criminal trials involving some of the highest profile and most sensitive matters prosecuted by the United 
States Government. 
www.kkillp.com 
Financial fraud appears to be a specialty of this recently formed/SDNY Alum firm 
Now, 
it gets VERY interesting 
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/28/apollo-citigroup-loaned-kushner-companies-millions-new-york-times.html 
EFTA00010764
--- PAGE 16 ---
Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Kelly 
Kushner even discussed the possibility of a White House job for 
the founder of private equity firm Apollo, the New York Times 
reported on Tuesday. 
www.cnbc.com 
Where another Milken protege/Apollo founding partner Josh Harris was considered for a White House job 
"Coindences" 
https://nypost.com/2018/03/02/sec-dropped-probe-month-after-firm-aided-kushner-companyj
SEC dropped probe month after firm aided 
Kushner company 
The feds last year dropped an investigation into a financial 
company a month after the firm gave Jared Kushner's family real 
estate business a $180 million loan, a new report said Friday. 
There ... 
nypost.com 
Oh, baby 
$60 billion+ inflows in 2018 for Apollo 
https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180802005343/en/Apollo-Global-Management-LLC-Reports-
Quarter-2018 
Apollo Global Management, LLC Reports 
Second Quarter 2018 Results I Business Wire 
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apollo Global Management, LLC 
(NYSE:APO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "Apollo") 
today reported results for the second quarter ended June 30, 
2018. 
www.businesswire.com 
Mr's Krieger,Kim,Boltz et al: 
Discovery will be a hoot! 
EFTA00010765
--- PAGE 17 ---
Fucking A 
I am good 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
EFTA00010766


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010767.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010767.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Chris Dilorio 
To: 
ft 
>, 
VII 
v" 
.. • 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Date: Fri, 24 May 2019 13:23:55 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 702 1 .jpg 
EFTA00010767
--- PAGE 2 ---
Inline-Images: image.png 
Getting warmer Ms Strauss 
https://www.justice.gov/usao-sdnyipr/bank-ceo-stephen-m-calk-charged-corruptly-soliciting-presidential-
administration 
Bank CEO Stephen M. Calk Charged With Corruptly 
Soliciting A Presidential Administration Position In 
Exchange For Approving $16 Million In Loans I USAO-
SDNY I Department of Justice 
Audrey Strauss, the Attorney for the United States, Acting Under Authority 
Conferred by 28 U.S.C. 4 515, William E Sweeney Jr, the Assistant Director-in-
Charge of the New York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
("FBI"), and Patricia Tarasca, the Special Agent-in-Charge of the New York 
Region for the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Office of Inspector 
www.justice.gov 
But, this is the beginning of the story 
not the end 
Calk/Lorber/Elliman: Trump 
Lorber: New Valley Corp 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/106374/000095014405003084/g93826e10vk.htm 
Apollo Moscow/Kremlin development 
AND 
Ladenburg Thalman 
I asked in previous correspondence: 
Does ANYONE believe Frost risked BILLIONS to "MAKE" a few million? 
Frost was laundering a few millions. 
https://www.barrons.com/articles/sec-charges-phillip-frost-1536608366 
SEC Charges Against Phillip Frost Might Just 
Be the Tip of the Iceberg 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filed stock fraud 
charges late last week against billionaire drug entrepreneur Phillip 
Frost and a group of associates, accusing them of making $27 
million in pump-and-dump stock schemes 
www.barrons.com 
EFTA00010768
--- PAGE 3 ---
Alpha Capital Anstalt Liechtenstein 
in my 2013 TCR: Money laundering/Miami based Imaging Diagnostics (see my IMDS e mails) 
Bag Men 
Also: "Greek Shipping company" FreeSeas (See my FreeSeas TCR) 
Despite overwhelming evidence of money laundering, you will find no reference to it in SEC complaints. 
https://www.sec.gov/news/press-release/2018-182 
SEC.gov I SEC Charges Microcap Fraudsters for Roles in Lucrative Market 
Manipulation Schemes 
The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged a group of 10 individuals and 10 associated 
entities for their participation in long-running fraudulent schemes that generated over $27 million from 
unlawful stock sales and caused significant harm to retail investors who were left holding virtually worthless 
stock. 
VONW.sec.gov 
No mention of AML despite glaring red flags 
No mention of executing Broker Dealers: Penny stock trading fairies 
The SEC has kept Alpha Capital Anstalt up and running so the activity detailed in my complaints can continue. 
And it does 
https://whalewisdom.com/filer/alpha-capital-anstalt 
ALPHA CAPITAL ANSTALT Top Holdings - WhaleWisdom 
Alpha Capital Anstalt is based out of Vaduz Liechtenstein. Whalewisdom has at least 6 13D filings, 158 13G 
filings, and 5 Form 4 filings The firm has no submitted 13F filings and does not appear to be an investment 
advisor. 
whalewisdom.com 
Now: Lorber/Calk/Elliman: New Valley: shell 
Ladenburg/Frost/Alpha Cap Anstalt $$$ laundering shells 
Apollo/Lorber: Moscow/Kremlin "development" 
"Tip of the Iceberg" indeed 
In furtherance of the conspiracy 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
EFTA00010769
--- PAGE 4 ---
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, May 23, 2019 5:59 AM 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
So: 
Leon Black/ Apollo/Schwarzman: Trump Kushner 
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: Epstein 
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: Putin/RU 
https://www.reuters.com/article/russia-putin-fund-idUSL5E7KGOSI20110916 
UPDATE 2-Putin gets SWF, PE backing for 
Russia fund 
* Apollo's Black shares platform with Putin 
www.reuters.com 
https://www.swfinstitute.orginews/33645/u-s-treasury-sanctions-russian-direct-investment-fundiamp
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: money laundering shells 
https://www.businessinsidencom/blackstone-dodged-a-bullet-with-knight-capital-2012-8 
Blackstone Dodged A Bullet With Knight 
Capital - Business Insider 
A trader consulted by Business Insider said that Blackstone envied 
Knight Capital's market-making team, which executed an average 
of more than $20 billion trades last year and is designated market 
www.businessinsidercom 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgaddatai 1 082278/0000922423 13000183/0000922423-13-000183-index.htm 
EFTA00010770
--- PAGE 5 ---
Knight/TrimarkJOptimark born out of "worthless paper"/ Russian/US Mafia/ money laundering shell: Ashton 
Technologies 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001003740&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0 
https://ag.ny.gov/press-release/us-attorney-lynch-and-nys-attorney-general-spitzer-announce-20-defendants-
indicted-50 
U.s. Attorney Lynch And N.y.s. Attorney General Spitzer Announce 20 
Defendants Indicted In $50 Million Boiler Room Stock Fraud Scheme I New 
York State Attorney General 
LORETTA E. LYNCH, United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, ELIOT SPITZER, New York 
State Attorney General, BARRY W. MAWN, Assistant Director-in-Charge of the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation in New York, and RICHARD H. WALKER, Director of the Division of Enforcement of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, today announced the unsealing of an indictment charging 20... 
ag.ny.gov 
Spitzer taken down by RUSSIAN hooker 
https://nypost.com/2016/02/16/spizter-accuser-a-young-jobless-ex-hooker-who-lives-a-life-of-luxury/
Spitzer accuser was a $5K-a-night hooker 
who lives life of luxury - New York Post 
The Russian vixen who accused Eliot Spitzer of choking her at The 
Plaza hotel is a divorced, globe-trotting beauty who once bared 
all the dirty details of her life as a $5,000-a-night hooker, The ... 
nypost.com 
Any questions? 
Cheers traitorous scumbags! 
Christo her Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Sunday, May 19, 2019 8:03 AM 
EFTA00010771
--- PAGE 6 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
I reiterate: 
The SEC is a grossly corrupt criminal organization bought and paid for by criminals who threaten the integrity of 
our markets to the clear and very egregious detriment of the investing public it is sworn to protect. 
http://www.marketrap.com/article/view article/9152/bernard-madoff-the-mafia-and-the-friends-of-michael-
milken 
Bernard Madoff, the Mafia, and the Friends of Michael Milken - Market Rap 
- The Investor Empowerment Community 
In 2005, Patrick Byrne, the CEO of Overstock.com and future Deep Capture investigative reporter, began a 
public crusade against illegal naked short selling (hedge funds and brokers creating phantom stock to 
manipulate stock prices down).He said, over and over, that the crime was destroying public companies and 
had the potential to trigger a systemic meltdown of our financial markets. 
www.marketrap.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
SelligS19 
6:22 AM 
To 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Wednesday, May 15, 2019 11:27 AM 
< 
EFTA00010772
--- PAGE 7 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Today (5/15/19) the grossly corrupt scumbags at the SEC approved ANOTHER massive fraud on the investing 
public: 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1665300/999999999519001111/xsIEFFECTX01/primary doc.xml 
The "genius f'n quant" AQR/Greek shipping 
/Economou/DRYS/ORIG/Astra/Nautilus/Navios/Gerber/AIPAC/Nordlicht/Glass/1MDB/Knitowski/Caneum/Trym 
etris/Liquid etc etc etc money laundering shell. 
Well done I 
BTW, HOW is the George Economou/ Georgios EKONOMOU SEC "investigation" coming along anyway? 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George Economou (shipbuilder) 
George Economou (shipbuilder) - Wikipedia 
George Economou or Georgios Ekonomou (r€wpytoc Otkovoµou, born 1953) is a Greek billionaire 
shipowner, CEO of DryShips Inc. and Ocean Rig, and the owner of Cardiff Marine.Economou owns oil 
tankers as well as dry bulk ships and manages them through Cardiff Marine. He was on the Forbes 
Magazines list of the world's billionaires on place 707. 
en.wikipedia.org 
What a coincidence: 
https://www.vanityfaircominews/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team amp 
Trump's Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Is an Obscure Medieval Historian 
Andrew Ekonomou had a "mid-life crisis" and became an expert 
on Byzantium. Now he's helping lead the president's legal team in 
the Russia investigation. 
www.vanityfair.com 
Dude is DEFINITELY not getting the attention he deserves 
Then again, 
WHO actually believes Marc Bistricer of Toronto Canada was INVESTING in the $$$ laundering Ekonomou 
shell known as DryShips? 
https://seekingalpha.corn/article/409678l-strong-court-case-dryships-kalani 
EFTA00010773
--- PAGE 8 ---
Very Strong Court Case Against DryShips And 
Kalani - DryShips Inc. (NASDAQ:DRYS) I 
Seeking Alpha - Stock Market Insights I 
Seeking Alpha 
Source: rgrdlaw.com (court document) In 2012, DRYS generated 
$1.23 billion in total revenue, yet posted a $246 million loss. In 
fact, the company has been posting losses every year for the last 
seekingalpha.com 
'Charity not the motive" 
https://www.tradewindsnews.com/legal/1738610/kalani-claims-charity-not-a-motive-for-dryships-aid
Kalani claims charity not a motive for DryShips 
aid I TradeWinds 
Kalani claims charity not a motive for DryShips aid Marc Bistricer-
led investment house says it had risk and profit in mind lending 
to George Economou's struggling public company, not attempt to 
www.tradewindsnews.com 
The Toronto connection runs MUCH deeper though 
The overlap with AQR blank check shells and Polar Asset Mgmt Toronto 
The Toronto based Bistricer and EKONOMOU 
Bistricers in New Jersey TOO! 
AND 
DAVID Bistricer happens to be a real estate developer 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001649096&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Bistricer/Clipper "investor" 
Toronto based C I Investments 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000116364819000009/0001163648-19-000009-index.htm 
Check out this Reg D offering Bistricer/ Clipper did in Jan 2016 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000161577416004014/xsIFormDX01/primary doc.xml 
$130,000 Reg D offering for this Bistricer/Clipper publicly traded "real estate" company was done with an 
Atlanta based firm called H&L Equities 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Nothing to see here. 
EFTA00010774
--- PAGE 9 ---
Of Course, then there's the Hail Mary pass Kushner threw on his Toronto based Brookfield deal for 666 5th 
Avenue 
https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2019/03/12/toronto-based-brookfield-faces-scrutiny-from-democrats-
over-deal-with-kushner-company.html
Toronto-based Brookfield faces scrutiny from 
Democrats over deal with Kushner company I 
The Star 
J 
The real estate giant says politics were not at all involved in its 
decision to acquire a New York office tower from the family of 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
aide. 
www.thestarcom 
which was brokered by Apollo/Epstein Degenerate Black/Harris/Rowan 
https://therealdeal.com/2018/11/15/brookfield-turns-to-apollo-for-666-fifth-financingL
666 Fifth I Brookfield I Apollo Global 
Management 
Private equity company Apollo Global Management is funding 
Brookfield Property Partners' redevelopment of 666 Fifth Avenue 
with a $300 million-plus mezzanine loan, sources told The Real 
Deal ... 
therealdeal.com 
Apollo and other Kushner financing pal Blackstone just happen to be BOTH granted free reign on the US 
insurance/annuity industry. 
Crazy shit huh? 
Greek shipping Bag man Georgios Ekonomou meets Jared Kushner 
But it gets better still: 
Stephen Feinberg: Cerberus 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy-
advisory-panel
EFTA00010775
--- PAGE 10 ---
Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
to Lead Spy Advisory Panel - Bloomberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
Feinberg to lead his intelligence advisory board, the White House 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
and ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
Bawag/Refco 
Virtu first bid for Knight post "glitch" 
and now: Money Laundering Bank HSH 
Stephen Feinberg: Scum of the Earth meet Georgio EKONOMOU 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001369241&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Janey, IG update my various pending TCR's and complaints 
Yours VERY TRULY 
And INFINITELY smarter than anyone on this e mail list 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio < 
Sen 
5:41 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio < 
Sent: Saturda , Ma 11 20198:00 AM 
To: 
Subj 
. 
. 
From: Chris Dilorio < 
Sent: Monday, May 6, 2019 6:38 AM 
EFTA00010776
--- PAGE 11 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Greetings grossly corrupt SEC et al scumbags 
As with ALL of my allegations: beyond a shadow of a doubt, 100% accurate 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/complaints/comp17673.htm 
Complaint: SEC v. 
COMPLAINT. Plaintiff United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") alleges as 
follows: SUMMARY. 1. This case involves a $15 million "pump and dump" scheme involving the securities 
of Environmental Solutions Worldwide, Inc. ("Environmental"), a public company whose common stock is 
registered with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), and is ... 
www.sec.gov 
ESWW was a money laundering shell. 
The SEC knows it. The degenerate Epstein knows it. The Degenerate Leon Black/Kushner BFF/ Milken 
proteges/Marc Rowan/Apollo knows it. 
The DOORS knows it. 
IG, I have repeatedly offered to come to SEC DC HQ to have the brightest minds at the SEC totally humiliate me 
by refuting my allegations 1 by 1. The grossly corrupt SEC scumbags have never taken me up on my generous 
offer. For the very simple reason that ALL of my allegations are accurate and true. 
So, I again put the offer out there: 
refute my claims OR go to jail for the criminal obstruction ACTIVELY being facilitated by your office and the SEC. 
So, let's give these scumbags the insurance/annuities market. 
This will NOT end well for tens of thousands of Americans. 
Who "green lighted" this take over of the insurance industry by PE/Hedge funds? 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/antoinegara/2018/02/01/apollo-and-blackstone-pick-insurance-as-their-next-
bet-to-disrupt-wall-street/#5d647dbe7689 
EFTA00010777
--- PAGE 12 ---
Apollo And Blackstone Pick Insurance As Their 
Next Bet To Disrupt Wall Street - Forbes 
For decades, Wall Street's gambit in insurance was to write 
policies and use the float as a source of capital for new 
investments. It's a staple of Berkshire Hathaway and copycats like 
Markel and ... 
www.forbes.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, May 2, 2019 3:35 PM 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
IG, 
This was a blatant attempt to intimidate a whistleblower. "HE" (I think a male although very effeminate voice) 
was an anonymous, coward, scumbag who threatened me. AND then called me another 11/12 times after that. 
This is a VERY serious matter. Felony. I intend to see "him" prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Within 
weeks of filing a complaint against the SEC and you. 
I obviously have hit a nerve. 
hups://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/white-house-tells-official-who-gave-kushner-security-
clearance-don-n997476 
EFTA00010778
--- PAGE 13 ---
White House whistleblower speaks out on 
security clearance controversy 
Carl Kline was supposed to appear before House committee staff 
Tuesday to face questions related to his handling of White House 
security clearances. 
www.nbcnews.com 
Cheers! 
Christo her Diiorio (no L's scumbag) 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, April 25, 2019 6:27 AM 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
ESWW: A money laundering NASDACUOTCM shell 
Milken degenerate Leon Black/Joshua Harris: Apollo 
AND 
EFTA00010779
--- PAGE 14 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
The SEC has known for years that Epstein is running a extortion/Ponzi/Slush Fund 
My Claims AGAIN 
https://seekingalpha.com/article/3715526-environmental-solutions-worldwide-revisiting-holding-gone-dark-
can-sleep-better-night?mod=mw quote news 
Environmental Solutions Worldwide: Revisiting 
A Holding That's Gone Dark, So I Can Sleep 
Better At Night - Environmental Solutions 
Worldwide, Inc. (OTCMKTS:ESWW) I Seeking 
Alpha - Stock Market Insights I Seeking Alpha 
New CEO and recent trading activity warranted a review of a 
holding that no longer files. Based on the environment difficult 
y/y comparisons and results from competitors, 2015 is likely a 
down year. 
seekingalpha.com 
'Not credible"??? 
How about the SEC's OWN words? 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/201 8-10-0 Usec-spots-a-way-to-starve-the-most-suspicious-penny-
stocks 
SEC Spots a Way to Starve the Most 
Suspicious Penny Stocks - Bloomberg 
"If a company is a dark company and listed in the OTC market 
and hasn't put out financials for six months, maybe it shouldn't 
be quoted or offered to retail investors," Redfearn said ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
See my comment letters on this subject. 
The SEC INTENTIONALLY puts the investing public at risk of frauds like this and thousands others like it. 
The core biz at NITE/VIRT,CDEL etc and the reason WHY the OTCM exists: Abusive naked shorting publicly 
traded shells to facilitate money laundering. 
Shells go dark only AFTER a massive fraud has been perpetrated on the investing public: Main Street 
ANOTHER "genius" degenerate: Apollo 
the grossly corrupt SEC: Bought and paid for by common criminals and degenerates 
IC, I have time for that REQUIRED 3rd party cc today 
Call me 
Cheers! 
Christo her Dilorio 
EFTA00010780
--- PAGE 15 ---
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Sunday, April 14, 2019 1:04 PM 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
A little Steffie Avakian//Heiss/O'Melveny/Wilmer Hale/ Apollo/Kushner Home Cookingl 
https://www.omm.com/professionals/howard-e-heiss/ 
Howard E. Heiss - O'Melveny & Myers 
Howard Heiss has an extensive litigation practice focused on 
government regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, 
grand-jury investigations, and the defense of clients in criminal 
cases, with a particular emphasis on securities matters. 
www.omm.com 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1411494/000119312508077312/dsl.htm 
Form S-1 - SEC.gov 
Table of Contents. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The securities 
may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is 
effective. 
www.sec.gov 
https://www.wilmerhale.corn/en/p_esplejamie-gorelick 
Jamie Gorelick I WilmerHale 
EFTA00010781
--- PAGE 16 ---
Jamie Gorelick's career has spanned the legal, policy and corporate landscapes. As one of Washington's 
best-known litigators, Ms. Gorelick has represented corporations and individuals in a wide array of matters, 
particularly in the regulatory and enforcement arenas, involving issues as diverse as antitrust, 
environmental regulation, securities enforcement, national security regulation, etc. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/erilinsights/news/former-director-of-the-fbi-robert-mueller-iii-joins-wilmerhale 
Former Director of the FBI Robert Mueller III 
Joins WilmerHale 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
joining the firm as a partner after serving as the sixth Director of 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), a position he took one 
week prior to the September 11 attacks and held for 12 years 
under two presidents. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.sec.govibiography/avakian-stephanie
SEC.gov I Stephanie Avakian 
Stephanie Avakian was named Co-Director of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of 
Enforcement in June 2017, after serving as Acting Director since December 2016. 
www.sec.g ov 
SEC drops Apollo investigation after Kush Jr met with Harris at the WH 
and Apollo gives Kush's some $$$$ 
And, Apollo gets $60 bil+ in inflows in 2018 
Did I miss something? 
Cheers! 
You corrupt fucking scumbags 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, April 13, 2019 11:30 AM 
EFTA00010782
--- PAGE 17 ---
Subject: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Find a shell 
Find a fraud 
Enviromental Solutions Worldwide Inc 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001082278&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Florida? 
Pennsylvania? 
Or 
Canada? 
Welcomed on Cromwell/Wimpfheimer OTCM 
De registered in 2015 and Frozen in time 
Literally 
http://eswgroup.com/esw-group-corporate/our-board/ 
Our Board - ESW Group® 
MARK YUNG Mr. Yung is Co-Founder and Managing Principal of 
OCV Management LLC ("OCV"), an investor, owner and operator 
of technology and life science companies based in Los Angeles. 
Previously, Mr. Yung was a Managing Director at Orchard Capital 
Corp., a firm he joined in 2006. Through his affiliation with [...] 
eswgroup.com 
Dozens of filings by former Milken (ahem) right hand man Leon Black, Apollo, his family Trust, et al 
Then, 
There's this: 
Has anyone (anyone) ever seen Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein on the other side of a trade? 
The ONLY SEC filing of Epsteins' Financial Trust Company Inc is in 
wait for it 
Leon Black/Apollo Environmental Solutions Worldwide 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000090901211000390/0000909012-11-000390-index.htm 
Enter the Amicus blocking release of Epstein docs 
EFTA00010783
--- PAGE 18 ---
Krieger, Kim and Lewin 
https://www.kkIllp.com/ 
Krieger Kim & Lewin LLP 
We are committed to providing the highest level of partner-driven representation in order to efficiently 
achieve client objectives. Over the last decade, we have conducted and supervised dozens of federal 
criminal trials involving some of the highest profile and most sensitive matters prosecuted by the United 
States Government. 
www.kkIllp.com 
Financial fraud appears to be a specialty of this recently formed/SDNY Alum firm 
Now, 
it gets VERY interesting 
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/28/apollo-citigroup-loaned-kushner-companies-millions-new-york-times.html 
Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Kelly 
Kushner even discussed the possibility of a White House job for 
the founder of private equity firm Apollo, the New York Times 
reported on Tuesday. 
www.cnbc.com 
Where another Milken protege/Apollo founding partner Josh Harris was considered for a White House job 
"Coindences" 
https://nypost.com/2018/03/02/sec-dropped-probe-month-after-firm-aided-kushner-companyi
SEC dropped probe month after firm aided 
Kushner company 
The feds last year dropped an investigation into a financial 
company a month after the firm gave Jared Kushner's family real 
estate business a $180 million loan, a new report said Friday. 
There ... 
nypost.com 
Oh, baby 
EFTA00010784
--- PAGE 19 ---
$60 billion+ inflows in 2018 for Apollo 
https://www.businesswire.cominews/home/20180802005343/en/Apollo-Global-Management-LLC-Reports-
Quarter-2018 
Apollo Global Management LLC Reports 
Second Quarter 2018 Results I Business Wire 
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apollo Global Management LLC 
(NYSE:APO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "Apollo") 
today reported results for the second quarter ended June 30, 
2018. 
www.businesswire.com 
Mr's Krieger,Kim,Boltz et al: 
Discovery will be a hoot! 
Fucking A 
I am good 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
EFTA00010785


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010786.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010786.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Chris Dilorio 
To: 
Winsn.com> 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Date: Wed, 15 Apr 2020 14:41:23 +0000 
Attachments: IMG_702 ljpg 
Inline-Images: image.png 
I am so FUCKING good I even impress myself 
So, WHO has "green lighted" the Milken Degenerate Fat Leon Black/APO and the degenerate Steve 
Schwarzman/BX take over of the Insurance industry? 
Individual States Regulators, sure but there seems to be a monumental disagreement between the Trump white 
House and States today. More to it? ABSOFUCKINGLUTELY 
Recall Fat Leon/APO raiding Athene and investing policy holder money in bankrupt Harrahs and Caesars 
https://www.evanslaw.com/practice-areas/annuities-fraud/annuities-fraud-company/athene-life-insurance-
and-annuity-companyL
San Francisco Annuity Fraud Attorneys, Aviva USA, 
Annuity Fraud - Evans Law Firm 
Annuity holders who purchased policies from ATHENE, Aviva USA and other 
affiliates may be at risk for fraud. Contact the Evans Law Firm to learn more. 
www.evanslaw.com 
EFTA00010786
--- PAGE 2 ---
Trump Junk. 
Today, because of "Coronavirus" Trump and another Milken Degenerate: Treasury Sec Mnuchin are bailing out 
High Yield: JUNK 
Milken degenerate flunkies: 
Fat Leon: #1 CLO Mgr 
Handler/Jefferies: #2 CLO Mgr 
CLO's: Junk on Steroids 
Remember the S&L crisis? 
Same Milken degenerates (incl Trump banker Moelis): Drexel 
stuffed S&L's with JUNK 
Shit hit the fan when forced to Mark to market 
CLO's: not required to mark to market. NO SHIT? 
The "Repo virus" preceded the "Corona virus" by months 
ANOTHER Milken Degenerate flunkies taxpayer bailout 
And, yes because of the APO/Athene/Harrahs/Caesars SHELL GAME, Athene is grossly insolvent but for Milken 
esque parking and moving "assets" on and off the balance sheet. 
Who is on the hook? per SEC reviewed filings: NOT APO. Just Athene 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0000837332&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
What have I been wrong about? 
NOT ONE SINGLE FUCKING THING 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Blowing the Whistle on GROSSLY Corrupt Scumbags Extraordinaire 
From: Chris Dilorio  
Sent: Wednesday, October 23, 2019 10:11 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio < 
Sent: Wednesday, October 23, 2019 7:55 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
EFTA00010787
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, July 18, 2019 11:54 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Healthcare fraud is pretty serious shit. 
What SECURITIES LAWS should be 
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1347 
U.S. Code § 1347 - Health care fraud I U.S. 
Code I US Law I LII / Legal Information 
Institute 
to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, 
representations, or promises, any of the money or property 
owned by, or under the custody or control of, any health care 
benefit program, 
www.law.cornell.edu 
Colleran got off pretty easy, eh? 
Certainly LOOKS like CRIMINAL fraud and 
NOT 
CIVIL fraud 
Trump: 
'acting' Asst Dal Readier becomes JUDGE Readier just like that 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chad Readier 
EFTA00010788
--- PAGE 4 ---
Chad Readier - Wikipedia 
August 23, 1972 (age 46) Pontiac, Michigan, U.S.: Education: 
University of Michigan (BA, JD): Chad Andrew Readier (born 
August 23, 1972) is a United States Circuit Judge of the United 
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit and former Principal 
Deputy and former Acting Assistant Attorney General for the 
en.wikipedia.org 
The criminality associated with this White House is off the charts. 
Calk: Lorber 
Lorber/Elliman/lcahn: Frost/Honig/Stetson 
AND 
Alpha Capital: Martin Schlaff: MY CLAIMS 
Ladenburg/Gruntal: Refco/Bawag 
Also Schlaff AND: Englander/Nordlicht/Kushners 
abusive naked shorting to facilitate $$ laundering: Sedona/ Scan Graphics 
My claims: NITE/VIRT: Refco on steroids 
also CDEL 
Frost brings down the WH 
Frost/Honig/Stetson: Therapix/FSDDF 
Urban: FSDDF/NITE/VIRT 
Blackstone: Luckiest fuckers on the Street: Here glitchy glitchy 
Epstein: Schwarzman 
Epstein: Black 
Black/Schwarzman: Kushner (my BX SEC TCR) 
SEC: dropped Apollo charges: Avakian/Heiss 
SEC NITE/VIRT obstruction: Jay/Sull Crom/Fishman 
1MDB: PHUN/Nordlicht/AIPAC: Greek shippers 
Economou/EKONOMOU 
Bistricers 
Feinberg: Danaos 
Trump attorney: EKONOMOU 
Barr 1MDB waiver: AQR 
Cheers! 
Follow me on Twitter 
I'll follow back 
lololol 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, July 13, 2019 7:31 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
EFTA00010789
--- PAGE 5 ---
More.... 
Trump Ohio fundraiser 
Brian Colleran 
https://www.cleveland.com/politics/2019/07/donald-trump-coming-to-cleveland-friday-for-fundraiser-at-
nursing-home-magnates-house.html 
Donald Trump coming to Cleveland Friday for 
fundraiser at nursing home magnate's house - 
cleveland.com 
CLEVELAND, Ohio — Republican President Donald Trump is 
visiting Cleveland on Friday for a private fundraiser at the home 
of nursing home executive Brian Colleran, sources with 
knowledge of the ... 
www.cleveland.com 
https://www.justice.gov/opa/prithree-companies-and-their-executives-pay-I 95-million-resolve-false-claims-act-
allegations 
Three Companies and Their Executives Pay $19.5 
Million to Resolve False Claims Act Allegations 
Pertaining to Rehabilitation Therapy and Hospice 
Services I OPA I Department of Justice 
Ohio based Foundations Health Solutions Inc. (FHS), Olympia Therapy Inc. 
(Olympia), and India Hospice Care Inc. (Tridia), and their executives, Brian 
Colleran (Colleran) and Daniel Parker (Parker), have agreed to pay 
approximately $19.5 million to resolve allegations pertaining to the submission 
of false claims for medically unnecessary rehabilitation therapy and hospice 
www.justice.gov 
Another Honig $$$ laundering shell 
Intergetics 
Millenium 
NMC 
Regent 
take your pick 
EFTA00010790
--- PAGE 6 ---
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0000072170&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/72170/000114420410011488/0001144204-10-011488-index.htm 
Colleran 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/72170/000114420408023159/0001144204-08-023159-index.htm 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
and 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, July 11, 2019 8:07 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Mr Berman, 
Thanks for the shout out, but I'm not a journalist 
lololol 
Just a very long list of credible information I have provided to the grossly corrupt SEC et al scumbags 
Janey, update my various TCR's and derivatives. Separate but related Janey. Separate but related. 
Hey, is Jay still working on his NITE/VIRT/Sull Crom disclosures? 
https://www.nytimes.com/2019/07/10/business/jeffrey-epstein-net-worth.html 
Jeffrey Epstein's 'Infinite Means' May Be a Mirage 
Mr. Epstein, facing sex-trafficking charges, has long been hailed as a financial 
wizard. He got rich with the help of two wealthy connections, but there is little 
evidence he's a billionaire. 
www.nytimes.com 
EFTA00010791
--- PAGE 7 ---
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Monday, July 8, 2019 6:25 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Greetings Grossly corrupt SEC scumbags et al 
IMDS: S Florida $$$ laundering shell facilitated by the SEC 
Highlighted in my 2013 TCR filed with prestigious Berger Montague 
More AML flags than be counted 
MASSIVE naked short position 
MY claims 
SEC cover up. Now, re started so it can be unleashed on the investing public yet again. 
Martin Schlaff/Balmore/Alpha Cap 
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/business/martin-schlaff-is-behind-5-million-investment-in-collplant-
1.5457018 
Martin Schlaff: Bag Man 
But it gets MUCH better 
Graftech 
SEC reporting 
pronounced "Graft etc" 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/931148/000119312516427770/0001193125-16-427770-index.htm 
EDGAR Filing Documents for 0001193125-16-427770 
GrafTech Global Enterprises Inc. (Filer) CIK: 0000940404 (see all company filings) IRS No.: 061415602 I State 
of Incorp.:DE I Fiscal Year End: 1231 Type: 15-15D I Act ... 
vii.v\v.sec gov 
EFTA00010792
--- PAGE 8 ---
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/elections/.premium-the-netanyahu-milikowsky-ties-could-be-on-the-
way-to-an-fbi-investigation-1.7090960 
The FBI may be about to probe Netanyahu's 
ties to cousin Milikowsky 
www.haaretz.com 
Wall Street / CNBC Wiz Karen Finerman 
"Save Graft etc" 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/931148/000119312515018174/d857124dex991.htm 
EX-99.1 - sec.gov 
Exhibit 1 "SAVE GRAFTECH" GROUP NOMINATES FULL SLATE OF SEVEN DIRECTORS TO GRAFTECH BOARD 
. NEW YORK, January 23, 2015 - Save GrafTech, an investor group led by Nathan Milikowsky, a holder of 
over 15 million shares, or over 11.2%, of the common stock of GrafTech International Ltd. (NYSE: G11), today 
sent a letter to the GrafTech Board of Directors disclosing that it has submitted a ... 
www.sec.gov 
pg 57 of this SEC reviewed public offering 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/931148/000104746919000874/a2237872zs-l.htm 
www.sec.gov 
(1) Includes 2,625,000 shares of common stock that the underwriters have the option to purchase from the 
selling stockholder (2) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the amount of registration fee in 
accordance with Rule 457(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, based upon the average of the 
high and low sales prices of the registrant's common stock as reported by the ... 
www.sec.gov 
2018 revenue up 244% vs 2017 due to sharp increase in graphite electrode pricing 
BUT, graphite electrode prices rose significantly in 2017 
and 
FELL in 2018 
https://agmetalminer.com/tag/graphite-electrodes/ 
graphite electrodes Archives - Steel, Aluminum, Copper, Stainless, Rare 
Earth, Metal Prices, Forecasting I MetalMiner 
EFTA00010793
--- PAGE 9 ---
Needle coke, a crude oil derivative, accounts for 40-44% (depending on the year) of the cost to produce 
one metric ton of electrodes. Graftech, one of the leaders in graphite electrode production ... 
agmetalminer.com 
the Graftech/Graft etc balance sheet is complete fraud as well 
insolvent 
JP Morgan strikes again 
Grossly corrupt SEC "protecting Main Street as usual" 
Fraud certainly not limited to the OTCM 
Mr Teotia, 
congrats on taking Wes Bricker's job 
no doubt you're working hard on those KCG 2Q 2017 financials not "published" by Mr Transparency Dougie 
Cifu. 
Where would a $4 billion+ write down of naked short fails put the NITENIRT fraud on the list of egregious 
SEC accounting fraud failures? 
Top 5? 
Let me know if I can help 
In furtherance of the conspiracy.... 
Cheers! 
Christo her Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio <
=> 
Sent: Wednesday, June 26, 2019 6:07 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Tuesday, June 25, 2019 2:31 PM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 7:27 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 7:23 AM 
To: 
EFTA00010794
--- PAGE 10 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Getting warmer Ms Strauss 
httpsliwww.justice.gov/usao-sdnyipr/bank-ceo-stephen-m-calk-charged-corruptly-soliciting-presidential-
administration 
Bank CEO Stephen M. Calk Charged With Corruptly 
Soliciting A Presidential Administration Position In 
Exchange For Approving $16 Million In Loans I USAO-
SDNY I Department of Justice 
Audrey Strauss, the Attorney for the United States, Acting Under Authority 
Conferred by 28 U.S.C. 4 515, William F. Sweeney Jr, the Assistant Director-in-
Charge of the New York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
("FBI"), and Patricia Tarasca, the Special Agent-in-Charge of the New York 
Region for the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Office of Inspector 
wwwjustice.gov 
But, this is the beginning of the story 
not the end 
Calk/Lorber/Elliman: Trump 
Lorber: New Valley Corp 
httpsliwww.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/106374/000095014405003084/g93826e10vk.htm 
Apollo Moscow/Kremlin development 
AND 
Ladenburg Thalman 
I asked in previous correspondence: 
Does ANYONE believe Frost risked BILLIONS to "MAKE" a few million? 
Frost was laundering a few millions. 
httpsliwww. barrons.com/articles/sec-charges-phillip-frost-1536608366 
EFTA00010795
--- PAGE 11 ---
SEC Charges Against Phillip Frost Might Just 
Be the Tip of the Iceberg 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filed stock fraud 
charges late last week against billionaire drug entrepreneur Phillip 
Frost and a group of associates, accusing them of making $27 
million in pump-and-dump stock schemes 
www.barrons.com 
Alpha Capital Anstalt Liechtenstein 
in my 2013 TCR: Money laundering/Miami based Imaging Diagnostics (see my IMDS e mails) 
Bag Men 
Also: "Greek Shipping company" FreeSeas (See my FreeSeas TCR) 
Despite overwhelming evidence of money laundering, you will find no reference to it in SEC complaints. 
https://www.sec.gov/news/press-release/2018-182 
SEC.gov I SEC Charges Microcap Fraudsters for Roles in Lucrative Market 
Manipulation Schemes 
The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged a group of 10 individuals and 10 associated 
entities for their participation in long-running fraudulent schemes that generated over $27 million from 
unlawful stock sales and caused significant harm to retail investors who were left holding virtually worthless 
stock. 
VONW.sec.gov 
No mention of AML despite glaring red flags 
No mention of executing Broker Dealers: Penny stock trading fairies 
The SEC has kept Alpha Capital Anstalt up and running so the activity detailed in my complaints can continue. 
And it does 
https://whalewisdom.com/filer/alpha-capital-anstalt 
ALPHA CAPITAL ANSTALT Top Holdings - WhaleWisdom 
Alpha Capital Anstalt is based out of Vaduz Liechtenstein. Whalewisdom has at least 6 13D filings, 158 13G 
filings, and 5 Form 4 filings The firm has no submitted 13F filings and does not appear to be an investment 
advisor. 
whalewisdom.com 
Now: Lorber/Calk/Elliman: New Valley: shell 
EFTA00010796
--- PAGE 12 ---
Ladenburg/Frost/Alpha Cap Anstalt $$$ laundering shells 
Apollo/Lorber: Moscow/Kremlin "development" 
"Tip of the Iceberg" indeed 
In furtherance of the conspiracy 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, May 23, 2019 5:59 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
So: 
Leon Black/ Apollo/Schwarzman: Trump Kushner 
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: Epstein 
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: Putin/RU 
https://www.reuters.com/article/russia-putin-fund-idUSLSE7KGOSI20110916 
VJ 
UPDATE 2-Putin gets SWF, PE backing for 
Russia fund 
* Apollo's Black shares platform with Putin 
www.reuters.com 
hups://www.swfinstitute.orginews/33645/u-s-treasury-sanctions-russian-direct-investment-fundlamp
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: money laundering shells 
https://www.businessinsider.com/blackstone-dodged-a-bullet-with-knight-capital-2012-8 
EFTA00010797
--- PAGE 13 ---
Blackstone Dodged A Bullet With Knight 
Capital - Business Insider 
A trader consulted by Business Insider said that Blackstone envied 
Knight Capital's market-making team, which executed an average 
of more than $20 billion trades last year and is designated market 
www.businessinsideccom 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000092242313000183/0000922423-13-000183-index.htm 
ICnight/Trimark/Optimark born out of "worthless paper"/ Russian/US Mafia/ money laundering shell: Ashton 
Technologies 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-binlbrowse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001003740&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0 
https://ag.ny.gov/press-release/us-attorney-lynch-and-nys-attorney-general-spitzer-announce-20-defendants-
indicted-50 
U.s. Attorney Lynch And N.y.s. Attorney General Spitzer Announce 20 
Defendants Indicted In $50 Million Boiler Room Stock Fraud Scheme I New 
York State Attorney General 
LORETTA E. LYNCH, United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, ELIOT SPITZER, New York 
State Attorney General, BARRY W. MAWN, Assistant Director-in-Charge of the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation in New York, and RICHARD H. WALKER, Director of the Division of Enforcement of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, today announced the unsealing of an indictment charging 20 ... 
ag.ny.gov 
Spitzer taken down by RUSSIAN hooker 
https://nypost.com/2016/02/16/spizter-accuser-a-young-jobless-ex-hooker-who-lives-a-life-of-luxury/
Spitzer accuser was a $SK-a-night hooker 
who lives life of luxury - New York Post 
The Russian vixen who accused Eliot Spitzer of choking her at The 
Plaza hotel is a divorced, globe-trotting beauty who once bared 
all the dirty details of her life as a $5,000-a-night hooker, The ... 
nypost.com 
Any questions? 
Cheers traitorous scumbags! 
EFTA00010798
--- PAGE 14 ---
Christo her Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Sunday, May 19, 2019 8:03 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
I reiterate: 
The SEC is a grossly corrupt criminal organization bought and paid for by criminals who threaten the integrity of 
our markets to the clear and very egregious detriment of the investing public it is sworn to protect. 
http://www.marketrap.com/article/view article/9152/bernard-madoff-the-mafia-and-the-friends-of-michael-
milken 
Bernard Madoff, the Mafia, and the Friends of Michael Milken - Market Rap 
- The Investor Empowerment Community 
In 2005, Patrick Byrne, the CEO of Overstock.com and future Deep Capture investigative reporter, began a 
public crusade against illegal naked short selling (hedge funds and brokers creating phantom stock to 
manipulate stock prices down).He said, over and over, that the crime was destroying public companies and 
had the potential to trigger a systemic meltdown of our financial markets. 
www.marketrap.com
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Friday, May 17, 2019 6:22 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
EFTA00010799
--- PAGE 15 ---
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Wednesday, May 15, 2019 11:27 AM 
To: 
< 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Today (5/15/19) the grossly corrupt scumbags at the SEC approved ANOTHER massive fraud on the investing 
public: 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1665300/999999999519001111/xsIEFFECTX01/primary doc.xml 
The "genius f'n quant" AQR/Greek shipping 
/Economou/DRYS/ORIG/Astra/Nautilus/Navios/Gerber/AIPAC/Nordlicht/Glass/1MDB/Knitowski/Caneum/Trym 
etris/Liquid etc etc etc money laundering shell. 
Well done! 
BTW, HOW is the George Economou/ Georgios EKONOMOU SEC "investigation" coming along anyway? 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George Economou  (shipbuilder) 
George Economou (shipbuilder) - Wikipedia 
George Economou or Georgios Ekonomou (f€wpytoc Otkovdµou, born 1953) is a Greek billionaire 
shipowner, CEO of DryShips Inc. and Ocean Rig, and the owner of Cardiff Marine.Economou owns oil 
tankers as well as dry bulk ships and manages them through Cardiff Marine. He was on the Forbes 
Magazines list of the world's billionaires on place 707. 
en.wikipedia.org 
What a coincidence: 
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team/amp
EFTA00010800
--- PAGE 16 ---
Trump's Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Is an Obscure Medieval Historian 
Andrew Ekonomou had a "mid-life crisis" and became an expert 
on Byzantium. Now he's helping lead the president's legal team in 
the Russia investigation. 
www.vanityfair.com 
Dude is DEFINITELY not getting the attention he deserves 
Then again, 
WHO actually believes Marc Bistricer of Toronto Canada was INVESTING in the $$$ laundering Ekonomou 
shell known as DryShips? 
https://seekingalpha.corn/article/4096781-strong-court-case-dryships-kalani 
Very Strong Court Case Against DryShips And 
Kalani - DryShips Inc. (NASDAQ:DRYS) I 
Seeking Alpha - Stock Market Insights I 
Seeking Alpha 
Source: rgrdlaw.com (court document) In 2012, DRYS generated 
$1.23 billion in total revenue, yet posted a $246 million loss. In 
fact, the company has been posting losses every year for the last 
seekingalpha.com 
'Charity not the motive" 
https://www.tradewindsnews.com/legal/1738610/kalani-claims-charity-not-a-motive-for-dryships-aid
Kalani claims charity not a motive for DryShips 
aid I TradeWinds 
Kalani claims charity not a motive for DryShips aid Marc Bistricer-
led investment house says it had risk and profit in mind lending 
to George Economou's struggling public company, not attempt to 
www.tradewindsnews.com 
The Toronto connection runs MUCH deeper though 
The overlap with AQR blank check shells and Polar Asset Mgmt Toronto 
The Toronto based Bistricer and EKONOMOU 
Bistricers in New Jersey TOO I 
EFTA00010801
--- PAGE 17 ---
AND 
DAVID Bistricer happens to be a real estate developer 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001649096&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Bistricer/Clipper "investor" 
Toronto based C I Investments 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000116364819000009/0001163648-19-000009-index.htm 
Check out this Reg D offering Bistricer/ Clipper did in Jan 2016 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000161577416004014/xslFormDX01/primary doc.xml 
$130,000 Reg D offering for this Bistricer/Clipper publicly traded "real estate" company was done with an 
Atlanta based firm called H&L Equities 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Nothing to see here. 
Of Course, then there's the Hail Mary pass Kushner threw on his Toronto based Brookfield deal for 666 5th 
Avenue 
https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2019/03/12/toronto-based-brookfield-faces-scrutiny-from-democrats-
over-deal-with-kushner-company.html 
;2, 
Toronto-based Brookfield faces scrutiny from 
Democrats over deal with Kushner company I 
The Star 
The real estate giant says politics were not at all involved in its 
decision to acquire a New York office tower from the family of 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
aide. 
www.thestaccom 
which was brokered by Apollo/Epstein Degenerate Black/Harris/Rowan 
https://therealdeal.com/2018/11/15/brookfield-turns-to-apollo-for-666-fifth-financingL
Gb2, 
666 Fifth I Brookfield I Apollo Global 
Management 
Private equity company Apollo Global Management is funding 
Brookfield Property Partners' redevelopment of 666 Fifth Avenue 
with a $300 million-plus mezzanine loan, sources told The Real 
Deal ... 
therealdeal.com 
EFTA00010802
--- PAGE 18 ---
Apollo and other Kushner financing pal Blackstone just happen to be BOTH granted free reign on the US 
insurance/annuity industry. 
Crazy shit huh? 
Greek shipping Bag man Georgios Ekonomou meets Jared Kushner 
But it gets better still: 
Stephen Feinberg: Cerberus 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy-
advisory-panel
;2, 
Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
to Lead Spy Advisory Panel - Bloomberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
Feinberg to lead his intelligence advisory board, the White House 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
and ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
Bawag/Refco 
Virtu first bid for Knight post "glitch" 
and now: Money Laundering Bank HSH 
Stephen Feinberg: Scum of the Earth meet Georgio EKONOMOU 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001369241&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Janey, IG update my various pending TCR's and complaints 
Yours VERY TRULY 
And INFINITELY smarter than anyone on this e mail list 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Monday, May 13, 2019 5:41 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
EFTA00010803
--- PAGE 19 ---
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, May 11, 2019 8:00 AM 
To 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Monday, May 6, 2019 6:38 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Greetings grossly corrupt SEC et al scumbags 
As with ALL of my allegations: beyond a shadow of a doubt, 100% accurate 
https://www.sec.govilitigationicomplaints/comp17673.htm 
Complaint: SEC v. 
COMPLAINT. Plaintiff United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") alleges as 
follows: SUMMARY. 1. This case involves a $15 million "pump and dump" scheme involving the securities 
of Environmental Solutions Worldwide, Inc. ("Environmental"), a public company whose common stock is 
registered with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), and is ... 
www.sec.gov 
ESWW was a money laundering shell. 
The SEC knows it. The degenerate Epstein knows it. The Degenerate Leon Black/Kushner BFF/ Milken 
proteges/Marc Rowan/Apollo knows it. 
The Dal/IRS knows it. 
EFTA00010804
--- PAGE 20 ---
IG, I have repeatedly offered to come to SEC DC HQ to have the brightest minds at the SEC totally humiliate me 
by refuting my allegations 1 by 1. The grossly corrupt SEC scumbags have never taken me up on my generous 
offer. For the very simple reason that ALL of my allegations are accurate and true. 
So, I again put the offer out there: 
refute my claims OR go to jail for the criminal obstruction ACTIVELY being facilitated by your office and the SEC. 
So, let's give these scumbags the insurance/annuities market. 
This will NOT end well for tens of thousands of Americans. 
Who "green lighted" this take over of the insurance industry by PE/Hedge funds? 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/antoinegara/2018/02/01/apollo-and-blackstone-pick-insurance-as-their-next-
bet-to-disrupt-wall-street/#5d647dbe7689 
Apollo And Blackstone Pick Insurance As Their 
Next Bet To Disrupt Wall Street - Forbes 
For decades, Wall Street's gambit in insurance was to write 
policies and use the float as a source of capital for new 
investments. It's a staple of Berkshire Hathaway and copycats like 
Markel and ... 
www.forbes.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, May 2, 2019 3:35 PM 
To: 
EFTA00010805
--- PAGE 21 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
IG, 
This was a blatant attempt to intimidate a whistleblower. "HE" (I think a male although very effeminate voice) 
was an anonymous, coward, scumbag who threatened me. AND then called me another 11/12 times after that. 
This is a VERY serious matter. Felony. I intend to see "him" prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Within 
weeks of filing a complaint against the SEC and you. 
I obviously have hit a nerve. 
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/white-house-tells-official-who-gave-kushner-security-
clearance-don-n997476 
White House whistleblower speaks out on 
security clearance controversy 
Carl Kline was supposed to appear before House committee staff 
Tuesday to face questions related to his handling of White House 
security clearances. 
www.nbcnews.com 
Cheers! 
Christo her Diiorio (no L's scumbag) 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, April 25, 2019 6:27 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
EFTA00010806
--- PAGE 22 ---
ESWW: A money laundering NASDACUOTCM shell 
Milken degenerate Leon Black/Joshua Harris: Apollo 
AND 
Jeffrey Epstein 
The SEC has known for years that Epstein is running a extortion/Ponzi/Slush Fund 
My Claims AGAIN 
https://seekingalpha.com/article/3715526-enyironmental-solutions-worldwide-revisiting-holding-gone-dark-
can-sleep-better-night?mod=mw quote news 
a 
Environmental Solutions Worldwide: Revisiting 
A Holding That's Gone Dark, So I Can Sleep 
Better At Night - Environmental Solutions 
Worldwide, Inc. (OTCMKTS:ESWW) I Seeking 
Alpha - Stock Market Insights I Seeking Alpha 
New CEO and recent trading activity warranted a review of a 
holding that no longer files. Based on the environment difficult 
y/y comparisons and results from competitors, 2015 is likely a 
down year. 
seekinga I pha.com 
"Not credible"??? 
How about the SEC's OWN words? 
https.//www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/201 8-10-0 1 /sec-spots-a-way-to-starve-the-most-suspicious-penny-
stocks 
SEC Spots a Way to Starve the Most 
Suspicious Penny Stocks - Bloomberg 
"If a company is a dark company and listed in the OTC market 
and hasn't put out financials for six months, maybe it shouldn't 
be quoted or offered to retail investors," Redfearn said ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
EFTA00010807
--- PAGE 23 ---
See my comment letters on this subject. 
The SEC INTENTIONALLY puts the investing public at risk of frauds like this and thousands others like it. 
The core biz at NITE/VIRT,CDEL etc and the reason WHY the OTCM exists: Abusive naked shorting publicly 
traded shells to facilitate money laundering. 
Shells go dark only AFTER a massive fraud has been perpetrated on the investing public: Main Street 
ANOTHER "genius" degenerate: Apollo 
the grossly corrupt SEC: Bought and paid for by common criminals and degenerates 
IC, I have time for that REQUIRED 3rd party cc today 
Call me 
Cheers! 
Christo her Ditorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Sunday, April 14, 2019 1:04 PM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
A little Steffie Avakian//Heiss/O'Melveny/Wilmer Hale/ Apollo/Kushner Home Cookingl 
https://www.omm.com/professionals/howard-e-heiss/ 
Howard E. Heiss - O'Melveny & Myers 
Howard Heiss has an extensive litigation practice focused on 
government regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, 
grand-jury investigations, and the defense of clients in criminal 
cases, with a particular emphasis on securities matters. 
WWW.OMM.COM 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1411494/000119312508077312/dsl.htm 
EFTA00010808
--- PAGE 24 ---
Form S-1 - SEC.gov 
Table of Contents. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The securities 
may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is 
effective. 
www.sec.gov 
https://www.wilmerhale.cotnien/peoplejamie-gorelick 
Jamie Gorelick I WilmerHale 
Jamie Gorelick's career has spanned the legal, policy and corporate landscapes. As one of Washington's 
best-known litigators, Ms. Gorelick has represented corporations and individuals in a wide array of matters, 
particularly in the regulatory and enforcement arenas, involving issues as diverse as antitrust, 
environmental regulation, securities enforcement, national security regulation, etc. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.wilmerhale.cornien/insights/news/former-director-of-the-fbi-robert-mueller-iii-joins-wilmerhale 
IPA 
Former Director of the FBI Robert Mueller III 
Joins WilmerHale 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
joining the firm as a partner after serving as the sixth Director of 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), a position he took one 
week prior to the September 11 attacks and held for 12 years 
under two presidents. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.sec.gov/biography/avakian-stephanie 
SEC.gov I Stephanie Avakian 
Stephanie Avakian was named Co-Director of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of 
Enforcement in June 2017, after serving as Acting Director since December 2016. 
v,rv,rw.sec.gov 
SEC drops Apollo investigation after Kush Jr met with Harris at the WH 
and Apollo gives Kush's some $$$$ 
And, Apollo gets $60 bil+ in inflows in 2018 
Did I miss something? 
Cheers! 
EFTA00010809
--- PAGE 25 ---
You corrupt fucking scumbags 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, April 13, 2019 11:30 AM 
To: 
Subject: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Find a shell 
Find a fraud 
Enviromental Solutions Worldwide Inc 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001082278&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Florida? 
Pennsylvania? 
Or 
Canada? 
Welcomed on Cromwell/Wimpfheimer OTCM 
De registered in 2015 and Frozen in time 
Literally 
http://eswgroup.com/esw-group-corporate/our-board/ 
r 
Our Board - ESW Group® 
MARK YUNG Mr. Yung is Co-Founder and Managing Principal of 
OCV Management LLC ("OCV"), an investor, owner and operator 
of technology and life science companies based in Los Angeles. 
Previously, Mr. Yung was a Managing Director at Orchard Capital 
Corp., a firm he joined in 2006. Through his affiliation with [...] 
EFTA00010810
--- PAGE 26 ---
eswgroup.com 
Dozens of filings by former Milken (ahem) right hand man Leon Black, Apollo, his family Trust, et al 
Then, 
There's this: 
Has anyone (anyone) ever seen Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein on the other side of a trade? 
The ONLY SEC filing of Epsteins' Financial Trust Company Inc is in 
wait for it 
Leon Black/Apollo Environmental Solutions Worldwide 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000090901211000390/0000909012-11-000390-index.htm 
Enter the Amicus blocking release of Epstein docs 
Krieger, Kim and Lewin 
https://www.kkIllp.com/ 
Krieger Kim & Lewin LLP 
We are committed to providing the highest level of partner-driven representation in order to efficiently 
achieve client objectives. Over the last decade, we have conducted and supervised dozens of federal 
criminal trials involving some of the highest profile and most sensitive matters prosecuted by the United 
States Government. 
www.kklllp.com
Financial fraud appears to be a specialty of this recently formed/SDNY Alum firm 
Now, 
it gets VERY interesting 
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/28/apollo-citigroup-loaned-kushner-companies-millions-new-york-times.html 
Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Kelly 
Kushner even discussed the possibility of a White House job for 
the founder of private equity firm Apollo, the New York Times 
reported on Tuesday. 
www.cnbc.com 
Where another Milken protege/Apollo founding partner Josh Harris was considered for a White House job 
"Coindences" 
https://nypost.com/2018/03/02/sec-dropped-probe-month-after-firm-aided-kushner-companyi
EFTA00010811
--- PAGE 27 ---
SEC dropped probe month after firm aided 
Kushner company 
The feds last year dropped an investigation into a financial 
company a month after the firm gave Jared Kushner's family real 
estate business a $180 million loan, a new report said Friday. 
There ... 
nypost.com 
Oh, baby 
$60 billion+ inflows in 2018 for Apollo 
https://www.businesswire.cominews/home/20180802005343/en/Apollo-Global-Management-LLC-Reports-
Quarter-2018 
Apollo Global Management, LLC Reports 
Second Quarter 2018 Results I Business Wire 
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apollo Global Management, LLC 
(NYSE:APO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "Apollo") 
today reported results for the second quarter ended June 30, 
2018. 
www.businesswire.com 
Mr's Krieger,Kim,Boltz et al: 
Discovery will be a hoot! 
Fucking A 
I am good 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
EFTA00010812


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010813.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010813.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: ' 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2019 12:06:48 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Thanks! 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 8:02 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: travel approval request 
Approved for both of you. 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jul 16, 2019, at 8:00 AM, 
Hit 
wrote: 
We would like to request approval to travel to Fort Lauderdale tomorrow to interview a victim who has recently come 
forward. The trip will be a round trip on the same day, so the flight will be the only expense. I think I will be only 
traveler, but it's possible 
will join as well. 
Thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2019 3:28 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Approved. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2019 2:51 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
S 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
week for a victim interview in Los Angeles. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Wednesday and return no later 
than Friday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). The trip will be some combination of me, 
EFTA00010813
--- PAGE 2 ---
M, 
and/or 
as previously. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 14:57 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
S 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly 
down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). 
Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either 
be me and 
or 
and 
but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it 
super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57 
To: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Thank you 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46 
To: 
Cc:
Subject: Re: travel approval request 
Approved 
Sent from my iPad 
On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, 
S 
wrote: 
For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for 
sexual activity, 
and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
EFTA00010814
--- PAGE 3 ---
for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night 
and return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows. 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: travel approval request 
> 
and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm 
Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on 
Saturday. 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010815


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010816.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010816.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To 
Cc 
Subject: Re: Voucher for Trip 10643456-2 is late 
Date: Tue, 01 Oct 2019 13:57:55 +0000 
I believe you have all the relevant materials from me for this but please let me know if not. Thanks! 
Sent from my iPhone 
> On Oct 1, 2019, at 00:03, "etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com" <etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com> wrote: 
> Dear 
> Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
for this trip and mark it as Final if you have no additional expenses to claim. 
> Trip ID: 1064311 
> Traveler name 
> Destination: Santa Monica 
> Purpose: R19NYS 13842 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interviews 
> Trip Dates: 2019-09-17 - 2019-09-20 
> Current status: Authorization Approved 
> E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
> https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
> E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
> https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
> Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
> Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
> Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change 
your email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
emails that you receive from us. 
> Reference ID# V0013 
> This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this 
e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00010816


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010817.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010817.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "etravelsen,ices®cwtsatotravel.com" <etravelservices cwtsatotravel.com> 
To: < 
Subject: Voucher for Trip 10643456-2 is late 
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2019 04:02:43 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Dea 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
for this trip and mark it as Final if you have no additional expenses to claim. 
Trip ID: 10643456-2 
Traveler name: 
Destination: Santa Monica 
Purpose: R19NYS 13842 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interviews 
Trip Dates: 2019-09-17 - 2019-09-20 
Current status: Authorization Approved 
E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
emails that you receive from us. 
Reference ID# V0013 
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00010817


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010818.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010818.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: " 
USANYS " 
Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --
Date: Sun, 28 Nov 2021 14:59:08 +0000 
Opens 
There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that took place 
in 1994. If you want to find them, you'll have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. 
It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will 
do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell 
sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable. 
will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 
Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906. There is also a conference room on the first floor (room 130) that has a 
very small monitor with a live feed just for our office. 
Timing: we'll start at 8:30 a.m. with peremptory challenges, and we expect to go straight to preliminary instructions and 
opening statements. In order to get a seat, we'd recommend that you go over early. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00010818


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010819.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010819.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00010819
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Fw: Formal appeal for covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & 
Appendix 
Date: Sat, 27 Nov 2021 14:14:50 +0000 
Attachments: KCG_Appendix_3-20_13_penultimate.docx; KCG_TCR_3-20-13-penultimate_draft.pdf; 
KCG TCR_3-20-13-penultimate_draft.docx; KCG_Appendix_3-20_13_penultimate.pdf; 
kcglq-2015.pdf; IRS.pdf 
Per below: the prolific Bag Man Terren Peizer and his felon Partner Michael Wachs: Crede. Peizer criminally 
obstructed justice for the Mogilevich Bag Man: Milken along with current Goldman CEO DJDsol. 
Peizer in NETE as well as FreeSeas with fellow Bag Man Joshie Sason. Along with Credit Suisse and Deutsche 
Bank. FreeSeas is Newlead 2.0. A not so distant cousin: TopShips. ALL in related TCR's of mine where NITE was a 
top trader. AND before the SDNY Courts in separate but related actions. Felon Wachs ex wife: Esousa. Wachs 
sister Cobblestone. BOTH NETE as well. In fact, it was Esousa/Cobblestone entities used to "assign" 
RBL/Northern Leasing notes in NETE so that the SEC facilitated reverse merger between NETE and MULN could 
take place. These "assignments" were the mechanism to "TRANSFER" the massive NETE money laundering 
"payment processing" business to RBL/Northern Leasing. Guaranteeing Northern Leasing is up and running 
today as a result. Despite the NY Supreme Courts/NYAG rulings to shut it down. 
per below: 
Esousa was an "investor" in Ault 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001104659-20-087614  (sec.gov) 
EDGAR Filing Documents for 0001104659-20-087614 
DPW Holdings, Inc. (Subject) CIK: 0000896493 (see all company filings) IRS No.: 941721931 I State of 
Incorp.:DE I Fiscal Year End: 1231 Type: SC 13G I Act: 34 I File ... 
www.sec.gov 
EFTA00010820
--- PAGE 3 ---
Bag Men "investing" in fully SEC reporting/ publicly traded Bag Men. 
But wait, there's more! 
From the September 30 2021 Ault SEC reviewed 10O 
pg F20 
Inline XBRL Viewer  (sec.gov) 
"Naked Brand Group Stock Purchase Agreement" 
"On March 29,2021 DP lending (Ault) entered into a SPA with and institutional "investor" (the Seller) to 
purchase 47,058,824 shares of Naked Brand Group Ltd (the NAKD shares). Under the agreement DP Lending 
agreed to sell the NAKD shares and pay the Seller 99% of the net proceeds from the sale. In April 2021, DP 
Lending sold 47,058,824 shares of NAKD for gross proceeds of $29.3 MILLION. DP lending remitted 99% of the 
proceeds to the institutional investorand retained 1% or $293,000 which was recorded as revenue in April 
2021." 
The "institutional investor" Ault/DP Lending bought the NAKD shares from: 
Streeterville Capital 
Fife 
MY FUCKING NITE TCR's 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001567619-21-006378  (sec.gov) 
EDGAR Filing Documents for 0001567619-21-006378 
NAKED BRAND GROUP Ltd (Subject) CIK: 0001707919 (see all company filings) IRS No.: 000000000 I State 
of Incorp.:C3 I Fiscal Year End: 0131 Type: SC 13G I Act: 34 ... 
VON\V sec cloy 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/896493/000121465921004041/d48211scl3g.htm
SEC.gov j HOME 
The remainder of this cover page shall be filled out for a reporting person's initial filing on this form with 
respect to the subject class of securities, and for any subsequent amendment containing information which 
would alter the disclosures provided in a prior cover page.. The information required in the remainder of 
this cover page shall not be deemed to be "filed" for the purpose ... 
www.sec.gov 
So, Ms Pasquinelli, Wardlaw, Knowles,Kelly et al: 
WHY was the Fife Action along with the Sason and Keener Actions never posted to the OWB site for award 
elligibility? 
To screw me out of multiple, massive awards. As with the UBS denial and the still pending Opco denial: ALL MY 
INFORMATION. 
But, not JUST to screw me. But to keep the illegal activity I have EXTENSIVELY and IRREFUTABLY detailed in the 
record very much up and running. 
So, Ault/DP didn't know Fife was a Prolific Bag Man? 
EFTA00010821
--- PAGE 4 ---
John M. Fife, Chicago Venture Partners, L.P., Iliad Research and Trading, St. George Investments LLC, Tonaquint, 
Inc. and Typenex Co-Investment LLC (Release No. LR-24886• Sep. 3 2020) (sec.gov) 
John M. Fife, Chicago Venture Partners, L.P, Iliad Research and Trading, St. 
George Investments LLC, Tonaquint, Inc., and Typenex Co-Investment, LLC 
(Release No. LR-24886; Sep. 3, 2020) - SEC.gov 
The Securities and Exchange Commission today filed charges against John M. Fife of Chicago and 
companies he controls for acquiring and selling more than 21 billion shares of penny stock without 
registering as a securities dealer with the SEC. 
WNW. sec goy 
DP Lending is NOT registered as a Broker Dealer. Buying/selling/remitting/booking revenue for brokerage 
activity for a well known Fellon is MONEY LAUNDEING. 
But wait, there's MORE! 
NAKD is supposedly the entity behind womens lingerie retailer Frederick's of Hollywood. Australia entity. 
In 2021, NAKD announced it wuld merge with a Chinese EV entity called Cenntro 
Cenntro Auto  I About Our Company 
Cenntro Auto I About Our Company 
Cenntro is led by Peter Wang, a visionary entrepreneur. 
Recognized as an outstanding Asian American businessman, 
Peter co-founded UTStarcom in 1991, one of largest Telecom 
solution providers in Asia at the time of company formation. 
www.cenntroauto.com 
Started by Chinese Bag Man Peter Wang. 
you can NOT make this shit up. 
Cenntro is taking a page out of the NKLA/MULN, RIDE/WKHS, HYLN et al (AQR money laundering shells) 
playbook. 
Claiming they will ramp to $5 BILLION in revenue in 2 years. 
Wang/Cenntro have already found a money laundering shell in 
Greenland Technologies. 
ALSO Fully SEC Reporting 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
So, unclear exactly WHAT entity NAKD is "merging with" 
But, that's all part of the massive fraud in ALMOST December of 2021. 
Speaking of MULN 
Guess who showed up as an "investor" in November 2021: 
The Publicly traded Bag Man Ault 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001214659-21-011940  (sec.gov) 
ALL of this is related to my extensive and irrefutable claims. The Record Ms Kelly. 
EFTA00010822
--- PAGE 5 ---
ALL kept up and running by the grossly corrupt SEC while screwing me out of multiple, massive Awards. 
SDNY,NY Supreme Court, NJ judges et al. The SEC continues to play you for FOOLS! 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower Extraordinaire 
303-877-7008 
EFTA00010823
--- PAGE 6 ---
Patients Love Lincoln I Pace, DDS - A Top-
Rated Dentist on Dental Insider 
Each day, thousands of patients rely on our comprehensive 
dentist profiles and reviews to find dental professionals providing 
the highest level of care. 
www.dentalinsider.com 
I have attached my IRS TCR filed with Berger Montague. The IRS TCR was based on the SEC TCR. It was WHY IRS 
CI agents Vikas Arora and Nate Sarnacki flew to Denver from Chicago in April 2016 to meet with me. Berger 
submitted my IRS TCR shortly after submitting my SEC TCR in March 2013. As you can clearly see and as the 
record of extensive correspondence (including IG Hoecker) clearly shows: the SEC/FINRA/FINCEN UBS AML 
complaint for which Norberg,Pasquinelli,Knowles,Wardlay issued their fraud denial WHILE I was still waiting for 
my Opco Denial appeal: The Opco trading data ALSO implicates UBS as well as NITE: 
SEC OWB/IG Hoecker FRAUD: "Enforcement staff never saw Mr Dilorio's information" 
FinCEN Assesses $14.5 Million Penalty against UBS Financial Services for Anti-Money Laundering  Failures  I 
FinCEN.gov
EFTA00010824
--- PAGE 7 ---
FinCEN Assesses $14.5 Million Penalty against UBS Financial Services for 
Anti-Money Laundering Failures I FinCEN.gov 
WASHINGTON—The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) today announced an assessment 
against UBS Financial Services, Inc. (UBSFS) for willful violations of the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA).. FinCEN 
assessed a $14.5 million civil money penalty, of which $5 million will be paid to the U.S. Department of the 
Treasury and the remainder will be concurrent with penalties for similar or related ... 
www.fincen.gov 
The blatant, and egregious disregard by NITE/UBSS at al in trading billions of shares of sham companies with no 
products, nothing but losses, reverse merger,repeat explained: illegal naked shorting facilitates ALL of it. Very 
profitable. Virtually riskless. Further, as I ask in my information: WHEN would NITE,UBSS, CDEL etc file a SAR? 
BEFORE or AFTER trading billions of shares???? There ARE NO SAR's. This also would fall under the jurisdiction 
of Kevin Goodman. This is the IRS TCR: money laundering/tax evasion related to this illegal naked shorting. In it, 
I discuss the Economic Substance Theory. WHY do sophisticated investors like the ones I have detailed 
extensively bother "investing" in these sham companies?? Take Mr Goodman's et al Parallax "Covid complaint" 
and the OTHER sham shells I detail below. In fact, take the SEC OWN WORDS in the Parallax complaint: Parallax 
had no products AND no money in Early 2020 when Arena/Bradly made their bogus claims. What did they 
have? The same thing I detail in my extensive correspondence: ALL of these money laundering shells have 
worthless certificates. Usually converted from bogus, fictitious promissory notes. Then dumped on the public by 
a WILLING executing BD/MM like NITE,UBSS,CDEL etc. AND, converted into real money. The BD/MM are 
compensated in the form of illegal naked shorting trading profits. This is and always has been the core business 
at NITE et al. Unfortunately: the effects of which are sitting on the NITE balance sheet as we speak. 
This is why my claims have been criminally obstructed by the SEC. The SEC has REPEATEDLY bailed out a known 
criminal enterprise. This is why Goodman produced the bullshit "order handling" complaint almost 6 months 
after I sent him my TCR in July 2015. This is why ALL of the related entities are omitted in his Parallax complaint. 
The SEC admits also repeatedly admits that shams like Parallax are money laundering shells. WHY? Just ask who 
trades them. 
In Parallax Goodman, the SEC et al acknowledge Parallax as a money laundering shell. Yet no AML complaint. 
NITE top trader? 
To further prove my point: The SEC approved Parallax 51: June 2019 with sellers I detailed below. Yet, in early 
2020, the SEC acknowledges Parallax had no money to support their "new product" claims. HOW CAN THIS BE? 
As with hundreds of money laundering shells/NITE/UBSS et al top traded: These sophisticated investors are NOT 
"investing". They are LAUNDERING. 
And with bullshit "order handling", "front running", stand alone "P&D" (per my TCR: just a tool used to facilitate 
the laundering/naked shorting), "market access", "Covid disclosures", etc etc complaints, the SEC guarantees 
the activity will continue. 
It does in July 2021. 
Cheers! 
Chris 
303-877-7008 
EFTA00010825
--- PAGE 8 ---
I am EAGERLY awaiting to see which SDNY Judge is the victim of the latest SEC fraud on the Courts and the 
investing public it is mandated to protect. 
"SEC charges Company and Two Executives for Misleading COVID-19 Disclosures" 
Let that sink in for a minute 
Parallax Health Sciences, Inc., Paul Arena and Nathaniel Bradley (sec.gov) 
EFTA00010826
--- PAGE 9 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
. FACTUAL BACKGROUND 13. At all times relevant to this Complaint, Defendant Parallax was a publicly 
traded company with the ticker symbol PRLX and was required to file periodic reports with the 
Parallax 
fka Endeavor Power/EndeavorUranium/VB Trade 
a money laundering shell kept up and running for more than a decade 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
A June 2019 approved offering is chock full of info. Pre COVID of course 
Form S-1 Registration  (sec.gov) 
Selling shareholders include: 
EMA: detailed by me as a prolific Bag Men/women in extensive correspondence with the SEC: the record 
EMA: 40 Wall Street: Trump 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Ionic Ventures 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Ionic is Keith Coulston. Formerly Ironridge 
The SEC knows Ironridge well 
Ironridge Global Partners,  LLC and Ironridge Global IV, Ltd. (sec.gov) 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING 
ORDER INSTITUTING ADMINISTRATIVE AND CEASE -AND - DESIST 
PROCEEDINGS PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 15(b) AND 21C OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF I. ,URQULGJH*OREDO3 DUWQHUV //& 
,URQULGJH " II. - SEC.gov 
Ironridge Develops a Finance Model Based on the Registration Exemption Contained in Section 3(a)(10) 
of the Securities Act 7. In relevant part, Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act provides an 
vo.yvv.sec gov 
Ironridge: like Ionic: Prolific Bag Men 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Ionic also in the AQR money laundering shell CIS/Delta/Urban Tea/Bit Bros 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001753926-20-000178  (sec.gov) 
EFTA00010827
--- PAGE 10 ---
EDGAR Filing Documents for 0001753926-20-000178 
business address huakun times plaza, room 1118, floor 11 no. 200, erduan, east xiang fu road yuhua 
district, changsha city f4 410014 86 511-8673-3102 
v sec goy 
Central to my AQR TCR: Russian spies and Chinese Nationals. Up and running TODAY 
Ironridge was involved in ANOTHER AQR money laundering blank check shell in my TCR: Cereplast 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001144204-12-040024  (sec.gov) 
Cereplast has also been kept up and running and has been reincarnated after bankruptcy as ANOTHER Chinese 
money laundering shell 
Ironridge also NITE top traded fraud VelaTel 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001144204-15-009142  (sec.gov) 
AND ANOTHER SEC fraud on the SONY: NewLead Holdings for which I filed a separate but related TCR 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001144204-14-014312  (sec.gov) 
Other selling shareholders: 
Harbor Gates Capital LLc 
Michael Sobeck and Christina Avila: Puerto Rico 
Sobeck is a Prolific Bag Men formerly Tangiers 
Highlighted by me with a few NITE top traded shells like NYXIO 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Another seller in the SEC approved Parallax Si: 
The Cobran LLC 
Controlled by Richard Rosenblum also Harborview Advisors NJ 
and 
David Stefansky. 
Stefansky also in money laundering shell Aquamed Technologies now Nexgel 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Stefansky controlled Aquamed/Nexgel with Nachum Stein 
Stein is CEO/Chairman of American European Insurance 
About  i  American European Insurance Group (aeiginsurance.com) 
Aquamed/Nexgel77777
For his part Rosenblum is involved in OTC bb shell Innovative Payment Solutions: IPSI 
fka Asiya Pearls Inc, fka QPAGOS 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
IPSI CTO is formerly CTO at Cyprus based/NASDAQ listed QIWI: related to my NetElement TCR. 
An "Investor" in IPSI is Robert Klimov/Bellridge Capital 
Klimov/Bellridge also in the money laundering shell Black Cactus Global Inc 
FKA Envoy Group 
Now BLGI Inc 
EFTA00010828
--- PAGE 11 ---
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Klimov/Bellridge/Black Cactus involved in some Paid P&D 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1575345/000116169718000269/exhibit 99-1.htm 
Another seller in Parallax: 
Digital Power Lending LLc 
Contact — Digital Power Lending 
;2, 
Contact - Digital Power Lending 
Get in Touch with Us. Fill out the contact form below and one of 
our courteous professionals will get back to you as soon as 
possible. 
digitalpowerlending.com 
DPL is a subsidiary of DPW Holdings now Ault Group 
Controlled by Milton Ault 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
"investor" in DPW: 
Esousa: Michael Wachs/his ex wife: Net Element: RBL with Crede: Peizer: Wachs partner. Peizer: 
FreeSeas/TopShips. AND Milken obstruction of justice with David "djdsol" Solomon: current CEO Goldman Sachs 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001104659-20-087614  (sec.gov) 
EDGAR Filing Documents for 0001104659-20-087614 
DPW Holdings, Inc. (Subject) CIK: 0000896493 (see all company filings) IRS No.: 941721931 I State of 
Incorp.:DE I Fiscal Year End: 1231 Type: SC 13G I Act: 34 I File ... 
,An.; 'N. sec .9 ov 
Digital Power Lending: Newport Beach CA. 
Oh, did I forget to mention Parallax CEO Paul Arena is well known to the SEC as well as the New Mexico 
Securities regulator? 
augmecorresp041911.htm  (sec.gov) 
OTHER Paul Arena money laundering shells: 
Augme 
fka HipCricket,Innerspace,Modavox,Surfnet 
Now: EPMLive. Kept up and running by the SEC 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
EFTA00010829
--- PAGE 12 ---
Geos Communications: fka Digital Data Networks, 12 Telecom International 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Revoked by the SEC as a shell 
and 
Cerus Technology Partners fka AIM Group Inc 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
But But But But 
"COVID Disclosures" 
ALL of the activity detailed in my claims is very much on going in July 2021 thanks to SEC criminal 
obstruction/corruption on display once again in the SDNY with this complaint. This complaint is yet ANOTHER 
fraud on the SDNY Courts and is irrefutable evidence of my serious allegations: 
The SEC is a grossly corrupt, criminal organization ACTIVELY facilitating multiple, massive,ongoing frauds on the 
public it is mandated to protect to the benefit of the criminals who own them while screwing the whistleblower 
who caught them: ME 
Per the PR announcing the Parallax COVID disclosure complaint: 
"The Commission appreciates the assistance provided by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority" 
Kevin Goodman: SEC OCIE BD's was made Chief Overlord of FINRA: Goodman new title: 
OCIE FINRA and Securities Industry Oversight (FSIO) group 
Report from FINRA Board of Governors Meeting — September 2019  1  FINRA.org
Report from FINRA Board of Governors Meeting - September 2019 I 
FINRA.org 
WASHINGTON - FINRA's Board of Governors met on Sept. 24-26 at FIN RA's offices in New York, where it 
approved six rule proposals and received several operational updates from FINRA staff.. The Board 
continued its engagement with key stakeholders by meeting with two officials from the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC): Pete Driscoll, Director of the SEC's Office of Compliance ... 
www.finra.org 
FINRA/Goodman put out this friendly reminder just yesterday for Criminal BD's like NITE/CDEL who own the 
SEC/FINRA and their PFOF/Best execution "requirements" 
Regulatory Notice 21-23  1  FINRA.org
Regulatory Notice 21-23 I FINRA.org 
Summary FINRA is issuing this Notice to remind member firms of longstanding Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) and FINRA rules and guidance concerning best execution and payment for order flow, 
which the SEC has defined very broadly to refer to a wide range of practices including monetary payments 
and discounts, rebates, or other fee reductions or credits. 
www.finra.org 
EFTA00010830
--- PAGE 13 ---
No doubt a deterrent from the BD SRO FINRA where the salaries of employees are paid by the criminals they 
"oversee". 
What an absolute farce of an enforcement deterrent the BD SRO FINRA is. Goodman is the PERFECT fit as the 
FINRA Overlord at the SEC. This bullshit "COVID 19 disclosure" complaint brought by the SEC/FINRA/Goodman 
et al is yet another example of SEC obstruction and corruption. Like "front running", "order handling", "market 
access", "stand alone P&D", etc etc etc. NOT a deterrent. Intentionally. So the criminal activity can continue. 
Because the criminals OWN the SEC/FINRA. This is why the SEC has outsourced the entire OTCM to FINRA. 
Including short interest reporting, issuer corporate actions: reverse splits, and compliance with the BSA. 
Judge Oetken et al: The reason SEC IG Hoecker and his "bosses" at the SEC don't want to meet with me despite 
my many offers to do so (same goes for Dal/FBI): I would absolutely HUMILIATE them. 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower Extraordinaire 
303-877-7008 
EFTA00010831
--- PAGE 14 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
SDNY Judges: which one of you will be the lucky recipient of still MORE SEC fraud on your courts? 
Complaint - OFER ABARBANEL (sec.gov) 
As is SOP for the SEC 
More OMMISSIONS than submissions 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
per the Welshans et al SEC "complaint" 
"NALR is a shell company...." 
Full stop. NALR/Alaska/New York/State was at ALL times a FULLY REPORTING SEC company 
Are we clear? 
Further: 
"From March 2019 through November 2020, Abarbanel and the ( FULLY SEC REPORTING SHELL) Fund 
transferred approximately $102,000,000 of the funds invested by investor Group A into NARL ACCOUNTS" 
the COO of State Funds/New York Alaska is Nicholas Abbate 
A former "independent" Market Maker at Knight Capital 
UNITED STATES  (sec.gov) 
Guess who controlled (for others) 40% of the State Fund receiving the $102,000,000 investor Funds? 
"Note 9. Control and Ownership" 
Brown Brothers Harriman 
The penny stock money launderer FINRA/Dick Best all entities un named 
Guess who controlled (for others) 57% of the State Fund/NARL receiving the $102,000,000 investor funds? 
Bahamas/Toronto based Old Fort/Mosaic Ltd 
Mosaic Financial (mosaic-financial.com) 
EFTA00010832
--- PAGE 15 ---
Mosaic Financial 
For more than 50 years, our team has built on expertise in private 
banking for UHNW individuals and families to serve larger and 
more complex accounts in financial technology. To serve our 
clients better, we provide a turnkey asset management platform 
that simplifies custody, execution, accounting, reporting, research, 
mosaic-financial.com 
Yet, somehow/ some way: no mention of COO Abbate, BBH, OR Mosaic/Old Fort 
AND 
Of course: absolutely ZERO reference to AML. 
ANOTHER fraud SEC complaint coming to the SDNY Courts 
The SEC is a grossly corrupt, criminal organization bought and paid for by criminals ACTIVELY facilitating 
multiple, massive, ongoing frauds on the public while screwing the whistleblower who caught them: ME 
Cheers! 
Chris 
EFTA00010833
--- PAGE 16 ---
SDNY,NY Supreme Court, NJ Judges et al 
to say the SEC is a grossly corrupt ,criminal enterprise ACTIVELY facilitating multiple, massive, ongoing frauds on 
the public to the benefit of the criminals who own them while screwing the whistleblower who caught them: 
me. The real world implications of this irrefutable FACT are staggering. REAL lives changed/ruined. Staggering 
losses for "main street investors" as Clayton referred to them. Because, for ANYONE spending more than an 
hour or 2 on a trading desk: Gordon Gekko was right: "It's a zero sum game. Somebody wins, somebody loses". 
The Grossly corrupt SEC has rigged the game in favor of the criminals over the public it is mandated to protect. 
Mr Paley, did your Micro Cap Fraud Task Force actually accomplish ANYTHING? How did 4+ 
TRILLION shares of OTCM money laundering shells trade in 1Q 2021? Are prolific Bag Men like Kramer and 
Honig etc etc etc actually "out of business"? 
HELL NOI 
Mr Gensler, Chair Waters/Congress made repealing the grossly corrupt Clayton, Peirce, Roisman Rule in the 
summer of 2020 that exempts 90% of current 13 F filers a priority. Will you execute the stated will of Congress? 
As the Corrupt POS Paley et al know: NONE OF THESE CRIMINALS are out of business in 2021. In Fact, business 
is BOOMING 
SEC.gov I  SEC Proposes Amendments to Update Form 13F for Institutional Investment Managers; Amend 
Reporting Threshold to Reflect Today's Equities Markets 
SEC.gov I SEC Proposes Amendments to Update Form 13F for Institutional 
Investment Managers; Amend Reporting Threshold to Reflect Today's 
Equities Markets 
The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that it has proposed to amend Form 13F to 
update the reporting threshold for institutional investment managers and make other targeted changes. 
www.sec.gov 
Speaking of Prolific Bag Man Honig: As you are all aware, I made the connection between Honig, Russian 
entities,Signature Bank: SBNY, and the criminal law firm of Sichenzia Ross. Mr Gottschall: Have you been able 
to locate Castle Rock on a map yet? 
Here are just a few of the recently filed RIOT Blockchain filings with the SEC 
EFTA00010834
--- PAGE 17 ---
Detailing a few "transactions" 
With the likes of The Bejing China Bitcoin mining company Bitmain where RIOT bought the "mining machines" 
at the Rockdale Texas lgig-F "HPC" data center. It doesn't look like Bitmain has much of a future in China. But 
Rockdale Texas is a growth market for sure. 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/ I I 674 I 9/000107997321000272/ex99x I .htm 
SEC.gov I HOME 
Hash Rate Growth . By Q4 2022, Riot expects a total hash rate capacity of 7.7 EH/s with a fleet of 
approximately 81,146 Antminers, 95% of which will be the latest generation 519 series model. 
www.sec.gov 
Another "transaction" involves the RIOT acquisition of a Data Center in Rockdale Texas owned by a German 
entity called Northern Data/Northern Bitcoin/Whinstone 
Northern Data AG successfully closed the sale of its Texas data center to Riot Blockchain, Inc. - Northern Data 
AG 
Northern Data AG successfully closed the sale of its Texas data center to 
Riot Blockchain, Inc. - Northern Data AG 
Frankfurt am Main - May 27, 2021 - Northern Data AG (XETRA: NB2, ISIN: DE000A0SMU87) a leading 
infrastructure supplier for Bitcoin mining and other HPC infrastructure solutions, successfully completed the 
sale of its U.S. subsidiary Whinstone US, Inc., which operates a high-performance data center facility based 
in Rockdale, Texas, to Riot Blockchain, Inc. (NASDAQ: "RIOT"). The ... 
northerndata.de 
Northern Data is a publicly traded company with ADR's trading OTCM Pinks. 
US Jurisdiction established 
Half-Year-Report 2019.pdf (northerndata.de) 
HALF-YEAR REPORT 2019 - Northern Data 
PAGE 4 NORTHERN BITCOIN AG I HALF YEAR REPORT 2019 BITCOIN IS CHANGING THE WORLD Bitcoin is a 
digital finance system that cannot be manipulated. 
northerndata.de 
EFTA00010835
--- PAGE 18 ---
Investor Relations - Northern Data AG 
Investor Relations - Northern Data AG 
Northern Data AG develops and operates global infrastructure 
solutions in the field of High-Performance Computing (HPC). 
With its customer-specific solutions, the company provides the 
infrastructure for various HPC applications in areas such as bitcoin 
mining, blockchain, artificial intelligence, big data analytics, loT or 
northerndata.de 
OTC Markets  I  NDTAF  I Company Profile I  OTC Markets 
Northern Data is now a 12% holder of RIOT 
Inline XBRL Viewer (sec.gov) 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001140361-21-019019 (sec.gov) 
Northern Data/Bitcoin Frankfurt came into existence in 2015. 
The founder is a guy named Mathis Schultz. Mr Schultz previously was a Private Banker at Julius Baer, LGT, 
and Elan Capital Management 
Mining Like a Viking: How the Fjords of Norway Offer a Greener Alternative - Bitcoin Magazine: Bitcoin 
News, Articles, Charts,  and Guides 
Mining Like a Viking: How the Fjords of 
Norway Offer a Greener Alternative - Bitcoin 
Magazine: Bitcoin News, Articles, Charts, and 
Guides 
Northern Bitcoin's energy costs are lowered still by the climate 
control measures Lefdal mine features by design. As if the 
Norwegian climate wasn't cool enough, the data center is 
situated some 656 feet below ground, so it maintains a constant 
temperature of 55 degrees Fahrenheit (-42.5 degrees Celsius). 
bitcoinmagazine.com 
Schultz picked a very interesting nobody from New Orleans to build his 1Gig+ "HPC" data center in Rockdale 
Texas: Chad Everett Harris 
qualifications? 
The Year of Chad Everett Harris - Chad Everett Harris 
EFTA00010836
--- PAGE 19 ---
The Year of Chad Everett Harris - Chad Everett 
Harris 
2020 will be the Year of Chad Everett Harris. This will be the year 
that the last 1642 days of work pays off and things get back to 
my normal chaotic life that I love. This year will be filled with 
achievement, challenges, and excitement. It will also be a year of 
living in the 1...] 
www.chadeverettharris.com 
Chad Everett Harris  i Meet New Orleans Entrepreneur 
Chad Everett Harris I Meet New Orleans 
Entrepreneur 
Chad Everett Harris realized his passion for entrepreneurship very 
early on in his childhood. Born in Palos Verdes, California in 1969, 
he spent much of his young life moving between cities across the 
US.In his early years alone, he spent considerable time in Georgia, 
Michigan, and Louisiana. 
www.chadeverettharris.com 
Chad Everett Harris Archives - Page 2 of 4 - Chad Everett Harris 
Northern Data/ Northern Bitcoin bought Whinstone in 2019. 
Whinstone was building its Rockdale Texas 1 gig+ "HPC" data center in 2020 supervised by Chad Everett Harris 
Northern Data/ Northern Bitcoin sells Whinstone Texas "Data center" in April 2021 
Northern Data founded in 2015 by former Private Banker Mathis Schultz 
RIOT has no office at SEC filings address. 
RIOT is Honig/Russian money laundering shell 
RIOT does "offering" with SBNY as escrow agent and the criminal law firm Sichenzia Ross. 
Northern Data trades OTCM Pinks: no info 
Northern Data now owns 12% of RIOT 
RIOT is a "customer" of Beijing based Bitmain which has been effectively shut down by the PRC 
Bitmain filed a "secret ipo" with Clayton/SEC 
RIOT is a National security risk and ONGOING fraud on the public kept up and running by the grossly corrupt 
SEC: Gottschall et al 
Bitmain 
Mr Gottschall: And to think ALL of this is happening 15 from my home in Castle Rock Colorado. Too flicking 
funny. 
Cheers! 
EFTA00010837
--- PAGE 20 ---
Christopher J Dilorio 
303-877-7008 
EFTA00010838
--- PAGE 21 ---
SONY, NY Supreme Courts/NJ Courts grossly corrupt SEC et al, 
Let's break down VIRT CEO Dougie "Mr Transparency" Cifu comments to Sell Side analists on the NITE/VIRT 10 
2021 earnings call in May 2021: 
Per below: 
"Yes, Dan, obviously you look at the same metrics I do, just to give you a little commentary on them,' mean 
April volumes were a hair under 10 billion shares per day which is down 32 odd percent from the first 
quarter 
" 
Meaning: 10 2021 equity market making volumes at NITE were roughly 13 billion shares per day. 
Let's compare the last KCG stand alone quarter: 1Q2017 (below) where total equity market making share 
volumes were "a hair OVER 10 billion shares per day": 10.082 billion shares per day to be exact. 
KCG 1Q2017: 154 mil trading revenue 
93.589 mil commissions/fees 
eps .05/ 67 mil shares outstanding 
Since Dougie "Mr Transparency" Cifu won't actually disclose 1Q2021 metrics, let's do some simple math and 
solve for "X" shall we? 
NITE/VIRT COMBINED 1Q2021 
Remember: "April volumes were down approximately 32% from 10 2021 volumes " 
April volumes were a "Hair under 10 billion shares pe day" 
Therefore: Cifu says to Sell Side analysts on May4 2021 earnings call: 1Q2021 share volumes were roughly 13 
billion shares per day 
The 1q2021 NITE/VIRT combined SEC reviewed 100 
Document  (sec.gov) 
trading income: 812.743 mil 
net commissions: 191.64 mil 
eps 1.91/sh on 123.4 mil shares out 
Again: 10 2017 OTCM Pink money laundering shell volumes: 90%+ of total equity MM volumes 
OVERALL OTCM Volumes: 100-300 billion shares/month 
in 1Q2021 OVERALL OTCM Money laundering share volumes were 4+ TRILLION shares 
a 10-30x+ INCREASE 2021 vs 2017 in OTCM Money laundering shell volumes 
YET TOTAL equity market making share volumes were up just 30+% 1Q2021 vs KCG stand alone 1Q2017???? 
How much market share did NITE/VIRT LOSE since 2017: 90+%???? 
NITE/VIRT 1Q2021 share volumes were MULTIPLES of 13 billion shares/day. Cifu is KNOWINGLY LYING 
Further: 
Recall: ANOTHER example of SEC corruption: the KCG 1Q2014 "astronomical" OTCM share volume metrics 
expunged by McKessy, Norberg, Pasquinelli, et al from the 1Q2014 100: 
The KCG stand alone 1Q2014 100: the basis of my March 2014 letter to McKessy with Berger Montague : I have 
attached the KCG 1Q2015 SEC reviewed 100 above 
Year over year numbers: The corrupt SEC failed to expunge 
pg 53 
1Q2014 KCG STAND ALONE OTCM share volumes 
14.045 BILLION shares/day (My Letter to McKessy) 
EFTA00010839
--- PAGE 22 ---
NYSE/NASDAQ volumes: 862 MILLION shares/day 
So according to Dougie "Mr Transparency" Cifu" 
1Q2021 average daily share volumes were roughly 13 billion shares per day: This number is LESS than KCG stand 
alone 1Q2014 share volumes of almost 15 billion shares/day: 7 FUCKING YEARS AGO 
In 1Q2014 KCG trading revenue was 254.6 million and eps was .30/share 
This is blatant, egregious Cifu/SEC facilitated fraud on the public the SEC is mandated to protect. 
WHY is Cifu hiding this from the investing public and as important: WHY is the grossly corrupt SEC letting him? 
Read my TCR. In furtherance of the conspiracy: the CORE business at Knight/KCG/VIRT: NITE is and always has 
been Illegal naked shorting OTCM shells to facilitate money laundering. 
Further: Clayton et all CORRUPTLY gave NITE and CDEL their own exchange: MEMX: in 2020 for this EXACT 
reason 
The FINRA OTCM share volume discrepancies explained: NITE/VIRT is NOT reporting the vast amount of illegal 
naked shorting OTCM share volumes. Recall my correspondence to the grossly corrupt SEC when MEMX was 
announced: "Just between us criminals" 
Once again, my allegations are irrefutably accurate. The SEC has AGAIN doubled down and taken the side of the 
criminal entity NITE. As a result: the SEC ACTIVELY facilitates multiple, ongoing frauds on the public to the 
benefit of the criminals who own them while screwing the whistleblower who caught them: ME. 
Cheers! 
Whistleblower extraordinaire 
Christopher J Dilorio 
303-877-7008 
EFTA00010840
--- PAGE 23 ---
SONY/NY Supreme Court/NJ judges: My apologies. I think I typed too fast for many on this email. Let me state 
plainly what I allege: For that, I turn directly to UBS Sell Side Analyst Alex Kramm who had quite the exchange 
with Cifu on the 10 2021 earnings call earlier this month. 
Mr Kramm: based on my analysis below, tell everyone WHY you think Cifu chose to be "Less transparent" with 
regards to 10 2021 share volumes? 
I'll type slower this time: 
2021 OTCM total reported share volumes: 4+ TRILLION 
Cifu on the call(' have electronic version should you prefer) 
"Yes Dan (Jefferies analyst Fannon), obviously, you look at the same metrics I do, just to give you a little 
commentary on them (without actually disclosing them), I mean April volumes were a hair under 10 billion 
shares per day 
" 
Mr Kramm: this is a knowingly, blatantly false and misleading statement. Accurately: a bald face lie. This is why 
Cifu won't disclose the actual share volumes. 
Per below: in 10 2017: the last stand alone KCG quarter: OTCM share volumes were reported in SEC reviewed 
10O at 9+ billion shares/day. Back when OTCM TOTAL SHARE VOLUMES were reported in the 100-300 billion 
shares per month. 
Yet, in 10 2021 when total reported OTCM share volumes were more than 1 TRILLION shares per month, hitting 
almost 2 TRILLION shares in Feb 2021, Cifu would have us believe NITE Equity market making share volumes 
were a "hair under 10 billion shares per day". 
A blatant LIE. The SEC knows EXACTLY what the NITE equity share volumes were in 1Q2021. And it was a LOT 
MORE than "a hair under 10 billion shares/day". Driven of course by OTCM Money laundering shells.Trading 
profits: illegal naked shorting. Exploding balance sheet. Insolvent still/again. 
Once again, the SEC facilitating/covering up a MASSIVE ongoing fraud on the public to the benefit of the 
criminals who own them while screwing the whistleblower who caught them: ME 
EFTA00010841
--- PAGE 24 ---
Have a GREAT long weekend! 
Christopher.' Dilorio 
Whistleblower Extraordinaire 
303-877-7008 
EFTA00010842
--- PAGE 25 ---
There have been 3 (THREE) SEC actions CLEARLY based on my information that also CLEARLY qualify for OWB 
Award eligibility. 
Sason/Keener/Salviola et al: NewLead 
Joshua Sason, et al. (Release No. LR-24403; Feb. 15, 2019) (sec.gov) 
Joshua Sason, et al. (Release No. LR-24403; Feb. 15, 2019) 
SEC Files Charges in Elaborate Microcap Stock Fraud Litigation Release No. 24403 / February 15, 2019 
Securities and Exchange Commission v. Joshua Sason, et al. 
VONW.sec g ov 
John Fife 
John M. Fife, Chicago Venture Partners, L.P., Iliad Research and Trading, St. George Investments LLC, Tonaquint, 
Inc., and Typenex Co-Investment, LLC (Release No. LR-24886; Sep. 3, 2020) (sec.gov) 
John M. Fife, Chicago Venture Partners, L.P., Iliad Research and Trading, St. 
George Investments LLC, Tonaquint, Inc., and Typenex Co-Investment, LLC 
(Release No. LR-24886; Sep. 3, 2020) - SEC.gov 
The Securities and Exchange Commission today filed charges against John M. Fife of Chicago and 
companies he controls for acquiring and selling more than 21 billion shares of penny stock without 
registering as a securities dealer with the SEC. 
VO.VVi.SEC goy 
Justin Keener/JMJ 
Justin W. Keener d/b/a JMJ Financial (Release No. LR-24779.  Mar. 24 2020) (sec.gov) 
Justin W. Keener d/b/a JMJ Financial (Release No. LR-24779; Mar. 24, 2020) 
- SEC.gov I HOME 
SEC Charges Unregistered Penny Stock Dealer Litigation Release No. 24779 / March 24, 2020 Securities and 
Exchange Commission v. Justin W. Keener d/b/a JMJ Financial, No. 20-cv-21254 (S.D. Fla. March 24, 2020) 
www.sec gov 
ALL: My information. 
Yet NONE of these actions have been posted to the OWB Award Eligible website 
SEC.gov I Office of the Whistleblower 
SEC.gov I Office of the Whistleblower 
EFTA00010843
--- PAGE 26 ---
NOTICE: Until further notice, any Whistleblower Award Applications submitted by mail should be sent to 
the following address due to the mandatory telework posture at the SEC's Washington, DC headquarters: 
14420 Albemarle Point Place, Suite 102, Chantilly, VA 20151-1750. 
www.sec.gov 
SEC IG Hoecker: HOW IS THIS REMOTELY PLAUSIBLE?? 
There is only 1 explanation: SEC criminal obstruction and corruption. 
Like the Dick Best/FINRA BBH complaint: also my information. No mention of executing broker dealers/MM's. 
OR as the SEC would like us to believe: "Penny stock trading fairies" 
NO! 
The SEC in ALL of these actions is protecting the criminal enterprise which has been bailed out on multiple 
ocassions: Knight/KCG/VIRT:NITE 
Automatically placing this criminal enterprise on the SEC "Do not investigate list". 
As a result, the SEC has KNOWINGLY, ACTIVELY facilitated countless, ongoing frauds on the public it is mandated 
to protect. ALL of the ilegal activity I have detailed is ongoing in May 2021. NITE is again/still insolvent. Cifu in 
the latest attempt to conceal this massive ilegal activity has once again limited transparency for the investing 
public. The NITE O1 earnings call: May 4, 2021 
Virtu Financial Inc  (VIRT) O1 2021 Earnings Call Transcript The Motley Fool 
Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Q1 2021 Earnings 
Call Transcript I The Motley Fool 
Virtu Financial Inc (NASDAQ:VIRT) Q1 2021 Earnings Call May 4, 
2021, 8:30 a.m. ET. Contents: Prepared Remarks; Questions and 
Answers; Call Participants; Prepared Remarks: Operator. Good day, 
and ... 
fool .cor 
Cifu: "April volumes were a hair under 10 billion shares per day 
" 
So, the last 10O filed by KCG/Knight as a stand alone company was 1O 2017. The VIRT acquisition closed on July 
31, 2017. Cifu won't disclose and the SEC let him KCG 2Q2017 financials. BLATANT fraud. Cifu/ the SEC wrote 
down more than $4 billion in fails. 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
The 1Q2017 KCG 10Q 
Document  (sec.gov) 
pg 49 
Market Making scats. Cifu no longer discloses in SEC reviewed filings 
Avg daily OTC BB and OTC Market shares traded (millions) 9,096 
Avg daily NYSE AND NASDAQ shares traded (millions) 
986 
Per my consistent correspondence with the SEC: Knight/KCG:NITE derived 80-90%+ of their equity Market 
making share volumes from OTCM . This is why VIRT acquired KCG/Knight. This is and always has been the core 
business at NITE. This is what Cifu conceals from the investing public. In May 2021. 
EFTA00010844
--- PAGE 27 ---
As I have also detailed over the last several years: FINRA share stats data is complete fraud. This ALSO continues 
in May 2021 
Market Statistics - Equity Trading Data Monthly (finra.org) 
At the top of the page: "Last month statistics: April-2021 Share volume 44+BILLION shares" 
Yet below that under April share volumes:TOTAL SHARES: 928+BILLION 
The Knight/KCG/VIRT: NITE balance sheet in 10 2021 filed with the SEC in May 2021 
The balance sheet is AGAIN exploding 
Inline XBRL Viewer  (sec.gov) 
NOT HFT related where holding time is seconds 
Tangible book after properly classifying naked short fails: booked as an asset: receivable due to self clearing: 
insolvent. By a VERY wide margin. 
ALL as a direct result of ONGOING SEC criminal obstruction and corruption. 
So, Ms Pasquinelli: who was the executing BD/MM converting all of these fraud notes into worthless certs and 
dumped on the investing public where they are converted to real money? WHY would ANY BD/MM execute 
these trades? HOW do OTCM money laundering shells trade to trip zeroes? More buyers than sellers? NOPE: 
ilegal naked shorting to facilitate money laundering. That is why none of these actions have been posted to the 
OWB website. Even though they CLEARLY are eligible actions: My information. 
Cheers! 
Chris 
EFTA00010845
--- PAGE 28 ---
David Urban: Trump PA Campaign Manager and NITE Not So Independent Board Member and his own money 
laundering shell: FSD Pharma: HUGE with Pakistani's 
Had a BINDING LOI to acquire Israeli Therapix. 
FSD Pharma Responds to Therapix Termination of Binding LOI I Business Wire 
Not so binding. I caught them. Plan B 
Therapix: An Israeli money laundering shell where Stetson was "investor" 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001493152-17-003810  (sec.gov) 
and never shut down by the SEC as is typical of many Honig money laundering shells 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Today, Therapix is now Sci Sparc Ltd 
SEC approved offerings done By Aegis 
SEC FORM D 
Yes: that Aegis: also very much up and running in May 2021. New York: SDNY jurisdiction 
We don't need no stinkin' SAR's. Aegis prolific OTCM/NASDAQ shell money launderer 
Aegis Capital Corporation  (sec.gov) 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Before the SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING File No. 3-18412 ORDER 
INSTITUTING ADMINISTRATIVE PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 15(b) AND 21C 
EFTA00010846
--- PAGE 29 ---
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND SECTION 203(e) OF 
THE INVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT OF 1940, - SEC.gov I HOME 
As a result of the foregoing, Aegis willfully 2 violated Exchange Act Section 17(a) and Rule 17a-8 
thereunder. RESPONDENT Aegis is a dually-registered investment adviser and broker-dealer with multiple 
branches 
Well known to the SEC/FINRA: WHO were the customers? 
Who were the executing BD/MM's? MORE SEC "penny stock trading fairies" of course. NOPE: NITE. 
WHY are all entities once again UN Named? 
Robert Eide.pdf (finra.org) 
FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY OFFICE OF HEARING 
OFFICERS - FINRA.org 
FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY OFFICE OF HEARING OFFICERS DISCIPLINARY 
PROCEEDING NO. 2011026386002 HEARING OFFICER: MJD ORDER ACCEPTING OFFER OF SETTLEMENT 
August 3, 2015 INTRODUCTION Disciplinary Proceeding No. 2011026386002 was filed on October 21, 
2014, by the 
www.finra.org 
Orders Accepting Offers of Settlement - Aegis Capital Corp.  Charles Smulevitz Kevin McKenna (finra.org) 
Complainant, Hearing Officer Rochelle S. Hall Department ofEnforcement, 
Disciplinary Proceeding ORDER ACCEPTING OFFER OF OFFICE OF 
HEARING OFFICERS INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY FINANCIAL 
Aegis Capital Corp. SETTLEMENT Date: August 3, 2015 Respondents. 
INTRODUCTION - FINRA.org 
another F11"4RA member and registered with FINRA, through the firm, in several capacities, including as a 
GSR and GSP. Under Article V ofthe FINRA By-Laws,FINRA possesses 
www.finra.org 
Kevin Mckenna and Robert Eide (sec.gov) 
Kevin Mckenna and Robert Eide - SEC.gov I HOME 
As a result of the foregoing, McKenna willfully 2 aided and abetted and caused Aegis' violations of 
Exchange Act Section 17(a) and Rule 17a-8 thereunder and Eide was a cause of Aegis' violations. 
yo.vw sec gov 
EFTA00010847
--- PAGE 30 ---
Stetson: Honig side kick. Therapix now SciSparc. Still Israel 
Beginning on pg 10 of the SciSparc SEC approved and reviewed registration 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1611746/000121390021022427/ea139707-
fl scisparcltd.htm#a 009 
www.sec.gov 
Raul Wallenberg Street Tower A, Tel Aviv 6971916, Israel. Tel: (+972) (3) 610-3100 : Puglisi & Associates. 
850 Library Ave., Suite 204. Newark, DE 19711 
vii.vw.sec gov 
Sellers include: 
Aegis CEO Robert Eide Pension Plan: NOW that is f'n funny 
Hoboken restraunteur Rohit Bawa 
NYC Restaurateur Revamping  Former Liberty Bar Site  i Jersey Digs 
VJ 
Connecticuit distributor Michael Bozzuto 
Contact  I Bozzutos.com 
Contact I Bozzutos.com 
NYC Restaurateur Revamping Former Liberty 
Bar Site I Jersey Digs 
The building itself was designed by Minervini Vandermark and 
will be four stories of concrete construction. The residential 
component will consist of three separate 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom 
units, each occupying one floor. 
jerseydigs.com 
Connect With One of Our Teams. We value your feedback. Let us know what's on your mind and how we 
can serve you better. Please select a department on the left to send a message directly to the team you 
would like to reach. 
www.bozzutos.com 
and, prolific Bag Man Michael Bigger 
Bigger Capital 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
AND many more 
More on New York based Bigger Capital coming 
Of course, Aegis has a BOOMING wealth Management business 
EFTA00010848
--- PAGE 31 ---
How many related party transactions in this SEC reviewed Therapix Fl? 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1611746/000121390016017994/ff12016 therapixbio.htm#a 017 
Next up: SciSparc 
Aegis "Investment banking" has ties to Israeli military 
Isaac Livni-EIDE: related? 
Investment Banking  Team - Aegis Capital Corp. (aegiscapcorp.com) 
Aegis just did an SEC approved offering for Meten EdtechX Education Group 
China 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Brought to the US public/NASDAQ by the same Bag Man who brought Hwang/Archegos money laundering shell 
GSX to the US/NASDAQ 
Puglisi and Associates:Delaware 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1796514/000121390020018525/ea124386-fl metenedtech.htm 
Form F-1 (sec.gov) 
Some reports I've read suggest the SEC won't investigate Archegos/Hwang because it lacks "jurisdiction". 
Perhaps Ms Hodgman/Strzok can clarify for us. 
Recall: Honig,Stetson/Frost/Alpha Cap (my TCR). As I REPEATEDLY told the SEC: multi BILLIONAIRE Frost didn't 
risk it all to make a few million. He/they were laundering 
(EIGHT) YEARS after submitting my NITE/UBS TCR with the SEC, Alpha Capital Anstalt is very much up and 
running in 2021 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
For His part: Frost bought Ladenberg from lcahn/Lorber/ et al: Vector/New Valley AFTER Ladenberg had bought 
Icahn's former firm Gruntal. Gruntal: SAC,Sater,Feinberg, Icahn: MILKEN 
Archegos and Greensill: Credit Suisse. 
Credit Suisse is controlled by Milken flunkies. Including the Risk Officer who quietly stepped down. 
Greensill: Jim Justice: Magna/Sason/Saviola/Sichenzia: SDNY/NY Supreme Court 
I suspect there will be no SEC investigation of Credit Suisse. Ms Hodgman Strzok is an expert at criminal 
obstruction. 
Pretty good, eh? 
It's a gift really 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower Extraordinaire 
303-877-7008 
EFTA00010849
--- PAGE 32 ---
Simply put: RIOT exists in SEC filings only. Multiple Honig money laundering shells: Aspenbio/Venaxis/Bioptix 
involving Russian Government entity: Rusnano 
RIOT world HQ in Castle Rock is 15 minutes from my home. Apparently Mr Gottschall can't seem to find Castle 
Rock on a map. There is no RIOT at SEC filing address. 
An ISP: Clear Connect and a Pakistani BPO entity: NASDAQ traded IBEX. 
Who did Mr Gottschall deliver his "no further investigation" letter to exactly? It sure as hell wasn't RIOT. 
BTW: as a result of said Gottschall letter/determination as result of his incredibly THOROUGH investigation, the 
SEC chose not to review a RIOT offering in December 2020 
Riot Blockchain, Inc. 5-3 Letter.pdf (sec.gov) 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 DIVISION OF CORPORATION FINANCE - 
SEC.gov 
United States securities and exchange commission logo December 11, 2020 Jeffrey McGonegal Chief 
Executive Officer Riot Blockchain, Inc. 202 6th Street, Suite 401 
www.sec.gov 
and resulted in Susquehanna/CVI pump and dump 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001104659-21-023563  (sec.gov) 
EFTA00010850
--- PAGE 33 ---
EDGAR Filing Documents for 0001104659-21-023563 
Riot Blockchain, Inc. (Subject) CIK: 0001167419 (see all company filings) IRS No.: 841553387 I State of 
Incorp.:NV I Fiscal Year End: 1231 Type: SC 13G I Act: 34 ... 
Judge Engelmayer, other SDNY/NY Supreme Court Judges: I implore you to send me a subpoena 
Cheers! 
Chris 
EFTA00010851
--- PAGE 34 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Well well well. Mr Gottschall ended his "thorough investigation" into RIOT/Honig et al on 1/29/2020 
Riot Blockchain SEC Ends Investigation Letter 1.29.20  I U.S. Securities And Exchange Commission  I Common 
Law (scribd.com)
Riot Blockchain SEC Ends Investigation Letter 
1.29.20 I U.S. Securities And Exchange 
Commission I Common Law I Free 30-day 
Trial I Scribd 
Riot Blockchain SEC Ends Investigation Letter 1.29.20 - Free 
download as PDF File (.pdf), Text File (.txt) or read online for free. 
Included a letter from the Denver office of the SEC telling Riot 
Blockchain that the investigation by the securities regulator is 
over and at this time no enforcement action is recommended. 
www.scribd.com 
without EVER visiting the RIOT world HQ in Castle Rock. SHOCKING! 
Curious Mr Gottschall: who recieved/signed for your "termination of investigation" into RIOT: The ISP 
ClearConnect or the Pakistani BPO entity IBEX? 
Judge Ramos, other SDNY judges, NY Supreme Court, and NJ Judge Quraishi: you have been played for fools 
once again by the grossly corrupt SEC. ALL of your courts have jurisdiction over the SEC NY. 
Let's give NJ Judge Quraishi a primer on prolific Bag Man Barry Honig shall we? 
As detailed by me in my extensive correspondence: the record. 
ANOTHER Honig money laundering shell: Inergetics fka Millenium Biotech 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Based in Newark NJ 
Is everyone familiar with Healthcare fraud felon Brian Colleran? 
Three Companies and Their Executives Pay $19.5 Million to Resolve False Claims Act Allegations Pertaining to 
Rehabilitation Therapy and Hospice Services  I OPA I Department of Justice 
Three Companies and Their Executives Pay $19.5 
Million to Resolve False Claims Act Allegations 
Pertaining to Rehabilitation Therapy and Hospice 
Services I OPA I Department of Justice 
Ohio based Foundations Health Solutions Inc. (FHS), Olympia Therapy Inc. 
(Olympia), and India Hospice Care Inc. (India), and their executives, Brian 
EFTA00010852
--- PAGE 35 ---
Colleran (Colleran) and Daniel Parker (Parker), have agreed to pay 
approximately $19.5 million to resolve allegations pertaining to the submission 
„ . 
. . 
. 
wwwjustice.gov 
Somehow, the DoJ didn't believe this was a criminal case. The "prosecutor" on the case was Chad Readler. Now: 
JUDGE Chad Readler. Made so by Trump. 
Colleran entered into a fraud $20 million purchase order with Millenium Biotech in 2007 
Millennium Biotechnologies Inc. Signs Five Year $20 000 000 Purchase Agreement with Provider Services Inc.  I 
BioSpace 
Millennium Biotechnologies, Inc. Signs Five Year $20,000,000 Purchase 
Agreement with Provider Services Inc. - BioSpace 
Millennium Biotechnologies, Inc. Signs Five Year $20,000,000 Purchase Agreement with Provider Services 
Inc. - read this article along with other careers information, tips and advice on BioSpace 
www.biospace.com 
Colleran then became a large shareholder in Millenium 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001144204-08-023159  (sec.gov) 
Guess who controlled the money laundering shell Millenium/Inergetics? 
Prolific Bag Man Barry Honig 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001144204-10-011488  (sec.gov) 
But, it gets better still: Somehow, some way Prolific Bag Man Josh Sason/Hanover/Magna: MULTIPLE TCR's filed 
by me and a massive SEC fraud on the SDNY and NY Supreme Courts: NewLead/FreeSeas et al: showed up as a 
very large holder of Millenium successor Inergetics 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001144204-15-034843  (sec.gov) 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/72170/000114420414046310/v385056 sl.htm#s1 007 
The SEC revoked the Inergetics/Millenium registration only AFTER this massive fraud on the public was 
committed 
I can't seem to find any reference to this money laundering shell in the Dal/Readier CIVIL not criminal 
complaint. You won't find any SEC complaint implicating Colleran/ Honig /Sason either 
Millenium/Inergetics: New Jersey: SEC NY 
OTHER Sason entities list offices at 40 Wall Street: Trump 
So, Judge Ramos: HOW did prolific Bag Man Honig become involved in the Honig money laundering shell MGT 
Capital which ALSO did a "pivot" to crypto mining? 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
EFTA00010853
--- PAGE 36 ---
Venaxis/Aspenbio/Bioptix: now RIOT. Which only exists in SEC filings. Thanks in large part to the well 
orchestrated SEC NY/ SEC Denver criminal obstruction/corruption. 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001493152-16-013083  (sec.gov) 
That was 1 thorough "investigation Mr Gottschall. I see great things at the SEC for you 
AND guess who ELSE was involved in MGT in 2019 just before the SEC revoked the registration: 
Chicago Bag Man Fife/Iliad 
years after I filed my TCR with the grossly corrupt SEC 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001567619-19-008772  (sec.gov) 
AND the Scumbags at Sichenzia Ross:MULTIPLE frauds on SDNY/NY Supreme Courts with Sason et al 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1001601/000114420415063432/v423506 s-1.htm 
The interconnectedness of my claims on display yet again. OR: The record 
to be continued 
Cheers! 
Chris 
EFTA00010854
--- PAGE 37 ---
Oh, 
But it gets MUCH better Mr Gottschall et al: 
Ibex Digital:202 6th St suite 401 
Bermuda based/Pakistani controlled Ibex Ltd 
NASDAQ: IBEX 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
60+% controlled by Pakastani entities: The Resource Group: TRGI 
and TRG Pakastan Ltd: TRGP 
BPO takes on a WHOLE different meaning. 
Which explains the co location with Local ISP ClearConnect. 
Riot Blockchain is just a front. 
RIOT crypto mining contract with Massena NY Coinmint 
New York Crypto Mining  Farm Coinmint Set to Dissolve? - MinerUpdate
New York Crypto Mining Farm Coinmint Set to 
Dissolve? - MinerUpdate 
An ongoing dispute between the two partners who hold equal 
shares in multi-cryptocurrency mining company Coinmint has 
resulted in one of the partners filing to dissolve the company. 
www.minerupdate.com 
's on verge of dissolution 
RIOT/Aspenbio/Bioptix/Venaxis is and always has been a Prolific Bag Man Honig money laundering shell. 
Because: say it with me: the only difference between a NASDAQ money laundering shell and an OTCM money 
laundering shell is the amount being laundered. 
I've read that somewhere before. Hey, Pm the 1 who said it. 
Give me a call Mr Gottschall. After I help you find Castle Rock on a map, I'll walk you through it. I'll type/talk 
slowly for you. Because, if you can't find Castle Rock on a map you don't have a chance in hell of finding 
EFTA00010855
--- PAGE 38 ---
Pakistan on a map. And, after you're able to find Castle Rock on a map, I'll take you to Vista Gold 
HQ" at 7961 Shaffer Parkway Suite 5 Littleton CO 
The money laundering shell cited in my TCR and kept up and running by the grossly corrupt SEC 
years and with SEC approved offering after offering. 
Cheers! 
Chris 
303-877-7008 
:VGZ "world 
for the last 8+ 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_dilorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Friday. May 14. 2021 6:34 AM  
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
In addition to NeoPhotonix and Bioptix 
BiOptix Diagnostics, Inc. - Portfolio company - RUSNANO Group 
EFTA00010856
--- PAGE 39 ---
BiOptix Diagnostics, Inc. - Portfolio company -
RUSNANO Group 
RUSNANO was founded in March 2011 as an open joint stock 
company through reorganization of state corporation Russian 
Corporation of Nanotechnologies. RUSNANO's mission is to 
develop the Russian nanotechnology industry through co-
investment in nanotechnology projects with substantial economic 
en.rusnano.corn 
Rusanano/Akhanov invested in Quantenna 
Now On Semiconductor which supplies chips to Apple 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001628280-17-001249  (sec.gov) 
as well as chip company Aquantia 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001387131-18-000659  (sec.gov) 
Aquantia was acquired by giant chip company Marvell 
Company - Newsroom - Marvell Completes Acquisition of Aquantia - Marvell 
Company - Newsroom - Marvell Completes 
Acquisition of Aquantia - Marvell 
Marvell Completes Acquisition of Aquantia Accelerating Multi-
Gig Ethernet Technology Leadership. Santa Clara, California 
(September 19, 2019) — Marvell (NASDAQ: MRVL) today 
announced that it has completed its acquisition of Aquantia, 
Corp. (NYSE: AQ).. Aquantia pioneered Multi-Gig technology — 
www.marvell.com 
The SEC massive frauds on the SDNY and NY Supreme Courts continues 
Sichenzia Ross: Sason/Crede/ Jim Justice et al NewLead and FreaSeas 
As well as WNW and others. 
Now RiotBlockchain. 
So, Sichenzia facilitated a fraud "acquisition" of certain Futures Commission Broker now Introducing Broker 
trading platform from Mark B Fisher of "Miami" 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1167419/000107997318000207/riot 8k-03272018.htm 
EFTA00010857
--- PAGE 40 ---
SEC.gov I HOME 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing 
obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): 
Mark B Fisher has owned MBF Clearing 
MBF Clearing Corp (mbfcc.com)
MBF Clearing Corp. 
Welcome to MBF Clearing Corp website About MBF Clearing Corp Founded in 1987, MBF Clearing Corp. is 
widely-recognized for our preeminent role within the global futures markets. 
www.mbfcc.com 
As well as MBF Capital 
mbf online  I management  (mbfcapital.com) 
mbf online I management 
Mark Fisher is the President of MBF Capital Corporation, Inc. He is a founder of Vela Pharmaceuticals, 
Inc., ExSAR Corporation, and Kimeragen, Inc., which merged into Valigen, Inc. Prior to the formation of 
MBF, Mr. Fisher was a Principal of Alex Brown where he was employed from 1990-1996. 
www.mbfcapital.com 
for quite some time. BOTH New York based. 
Not even sure if there is a Miami Office for eithe Fisher entities. So WHY "Miami"? 
Part of that question can be answered by ANYONE receiving my extensive and irrefutable evidence of SEC 
criminal obstruction and corruption: 
Miami SEC Director Eric Bustilloe. A grossly corrupt Piece of Shit on par with Gottschall and Best. Did Fisher 
have outside investors in his firmS based in Miami? 
MBF /Fisher CLEARLY fall under SDNY/NY Supreme Courts jurisdiction. As does Sichenzia Ross 
As I have said repeatedly: the national security implications of these massive, multiple SEC facilitated frauds are 
staggering. 
Cheers! 
Chris 
EFTA00010858
--- PAGE 41 ---
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Thursday, May 13, 2021 9:49 AM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
"Mr Dilorio, do you have any MORE irrefutable evidence of SEC gross criminal obstruction and corruption while 
screwing you the whistleblower who caught them?" 
Yes SDNY/NY Supreme Courts, SEC IG Hoecker, Audrey Strauss, FBI, IRS CI etc etc etc: It just so happens I took a 
field trip to try and find the longstanding address of the Castle Rock CO money laundering shell 
Riot Blockchain fka Aspen Bio, Venaxis, Bioptix 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Enlightening! Kept up and running by the grossly corrupt SEC and pumped by Najarian(NetElement) on CNBC, 
Riot Blockchain is a Honig/Grousman/Stetson/GRQ et al money laundering shell which somehow escaped 
(along with many others) the SEC scrutiny in its Honig/Stetson/Frost/Jaclin/Alpha Cap et al complaint 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1167419/000107997317000238/bioptix s3.htm 
But WAIT. There's MORE! 
The Honig/Stetson Bioptix money laundering shell is ALSO a Colorado entity: Boulder 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
EFTA00010859
--- PAGE 42 ---
Bioptix was just a vehicle to get Honig/Stetson et al into RIOT. Gee, I wonder what they saw in Bioptix that 
caused them to "invest" when it was around less than 2 years before "pivoting" to blockchain/crypto???? 
I have an idea! 
let's ask the scumbags at Sichenzia Ross who advised on the Bioptix money laundering offering which gave 
Honig et al ownership in RIOT 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1167419/000107997317000154/exl0x5.htm 
SEC 
WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) 
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the 
Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires 
to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully ... 
www.sec.gov 
Then, we can ask the Bioptix offering Escrow agent: New York licensed Signature Bank:SBNY. You know the 1: 
the once and always Private Banking arm of Hapoalim where Strauss/Berman criminally obstructed a thorough 
investigation of Hapoalim tax evasion and money laundering. The same SBNY which boasted Ivanka Trump as a 
Board memberand was a "go to lender" for Trump/Kushner and where ALL SEC filings have disappeared. AND 
where Chairman Scott Shay is on BoD of CardWorks (Berman) which was go to processor for Net Element: 
Merrick Bank UT. Etc etc etc. YES, that SBNY 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1167419/000107997317000154/exl0x3.htm 
SEC.gov I HOME 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement the Company desires to sell (the "Offering") a 
minimum of $2,000,000 (the "Minimum Amount") and a maximum of $2,250,000 (the "Maximum Amount") 
of units of its securities (the "Units")."). Each Unit is being sold at a price of $2.50 per Unit. Each Unit 
consists of one (1) share of the Company's common stock, no par value per share (the ... 
%Y/An/sec coy 
How much SEC et al criminal obstruction and corruption are we up to so far Mr Gottschall et al? 
Wait, there's more! 
In 2015, just prior to Honig/Stetson/SBNY/Sichenzia et al fraud offering, Boulder Based Bioptix FKA Alphasniffer 
did an SEC approved D offering 
SEC FORM D/A 
SEC FORM D/A 
In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is: Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this 
notice is filed of the offering of securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, 
in the accordance with applicable law, the information furnished to offerees.* 
www.sec.gov 
EFTA00010860
--- PAGE 43 ---
Guess who shows up as A Bioptix/Alphasniffer insider? 
Dimitry Akhanov 
WTAF is Rusnano USA????? AND head of the Russian Federal Energy Agency???? 
WHY is he involved in Bioptix now RIOT??? 
Dmitry Akhanov CEO of Rusnano USA Inc.  RUSNANO (topionetworks.com) 
Dmitry Akhanov, CEO of Rusnano USA, Inc., RUSNANO 
Curated profile of Dmitry Akhanov, CEO of Rusnano USA, Inc., RUSNANO 
www.topionetworks.com 
Akhanov is also involved in NYSE listed Neophotonics 
NeoPhotonics Names Dmitry Akhanov to Board of Directors President and CEO of Rusnano USA Joins 
NeoPhotonics Board NeoPhotonics Corporation 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Neophotonics supplies optical chips to some of the biggest optical switching companies in the world like US 
based Cisco and Ciena 
Recall: Honeg/Stetson/Frost/Alpha Cap 
Alpha Cap: my 2013 TCR 
Honig/Stetson: Jaclin: Farkas: BLNK. Also CFO New: NETE: Crede/SBNY/CardWorks/ESQ etc 
Honig also Trump fundraiser: Cleveland: Colleran. Dal "prosecutor" on Colleran massive healthcare fraud: Chad 
Readier. Trump made Readier a Federal judge. 
SEC left dozens of Jaclin money laundering shells up and running. Including Blink/New Image Concepts, 
Intercloud with Sason etc. As well as OZ/Maso/Sculptor NJ deli Hometown International: HWIN. NONE of this is 
by accident. SEC gross criminal obstruction and corruption. 
Now Honig/Stetson: Bioptix now crypto RIOT. 
Right here. 15 minutes from my home. Like CGFIA and VGZ. As well as prolific shell CPA firm BF Borgers. 
Give me a call Mr Gottschall. I'll point out Castle Rock to you on a map you grossly corrupt piece of shit! 
Cheers! 
Chris 
From: Chris Dilorio chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Sunday. Mav 9. 20215:06 PM 
EFTA00010861
--- PAGE 44 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Per below: 
Judge Cote's sentencing of Dan Kamensky is a gross miscarriage of justice. The SDNY, NY Supreme Court, Audrey 
Strauss, Mr Kamensky's counsel, FBI, other DoJ attorneys are in possession of information which clearly 
indicates a long standing and grossly corrupt relationship between the SEC and Handler/Jefferies. Further, as is 
material in the "ongoing" Joshua Sason investigations of massive fraud committed on the SDNY/NY Supreme 
Courts and directly related to my multiple claims: AQR and Sason: MI Acquisition with known felon Tom Priore: 
ICP: also SDNY and now a direct lending client of Ares Management: Ressler: Drexel with Handler: also Neiman 
Marcus. In short: Handler/Ressler set up Mr Kamensky for fucking with their deal. Had Kamensky won his bid, 
Ares/Ressler would have been left with a much less valuable asset. AND put them further under water. 
AresNeiman.pdf (pecloserlook.org)
Sticker Shock: Can Ares Management Sell Neiman Marcus? 
EFTA00010862
--- PAGE 45 ---
Ares' Neiman Marcus Gamble In September 2013, Ares Management purchased luxury retailer Neiman 
Marcus in a joint venture of Ares Corporate Opportunities Funds III and IV and the Canadian Pension Plan 
Investment 
wwwpecloserlook.org 
The SDNY Courts had this information. Kamensky's counsel had this information. Judge Cote should have 
declared a mistrial rather than sentence Kamensky. A gross miscarriage of justice. 
Now, let's turn to another example where the grossly corrupt SEC is ACTIVELY facilitating multiple frauds on the 
investing public while screwing the whistleblower who caught them: ME. 
Recall ANOTHER completely fraudulent denial of award : UBS AML. Where Norberg/OWB invoked the ILLEGALLY 
enacted Summary Disposition Rule aka Christopher J Dilorio rule. Where the SEC own SEC website clearly 
states: ALL tips received are THOROUGHLY reviewed by Enforcement Staff. Meaning: The Summary Disposition 
Rule: SEC Staff never saw the information: is a KNOWN fraud. 
Follow up for Mr Searles/Banerjee et al: SEC LA where multiple frauds left up and running. Ares also LA and NY. 
Milken: Beverly Hills 
Recall: UBS San Diego: K2. Where FINRA,FINCEN, and the SEC all confirmed UBS cross border business was 
never shut down per the terms of the Do.' dropping it's DPA in 2010. Further, clearly obstructed by SEC IG 
Hoecker when I filed a complaint with his office in 2015 after receiving another denial for Award related to the 
UBS Reg Sho complaint. ALSO according to the SEC OWB FAQ: Enforcement staff notifies investigating staff of 
related tips received AND Whistleblowers are ALSO entitled to awards based on new lines of inquiry. The 
Mckessy/Norberg/Hoecker criminal obstruction led to the UBS cross border business never being shut down. 
The UBS AML complaint acknowledges this irrefutable fact. 
UBS K2: NO individuals were censured/fined by SEC/FINRA. ALL correspondence to UBS Weehawken. SEC 
LA:Searles/Banerjee et al had ZERO jurisdiction. 
Searles: Anton Chia and related fraud and money laundering. As I have also irrefutably proven: MULTIPLE frauds 
Up and running today. 
It is no coincidence the SEC LA/ UBS San Diego multiple money laundering frauds. Searles et al are PROTECTING 
UBS San Diego. That's why none of these frauds have been shut down. The UBS cross border business is very 
much up and running TODAY 
MORE.... 
Who is San Diego resident Jason Sunstein? CFO of several Once/still SEC reporting money laundering shells 
trading OTCM Pinks and no doubt well known to Searles,Banerjee et al in SEC LA. 
Viper Networks fka 
Tinglefoot Mining 
Baja Pacific International 
Taig Ventures 
EDGAR Search Results (sec.gov) 
Microsoft Word - VPER - OTC PlnkGuidelines Annual 12.31.20(Feb21 vers)v.3 nowcfo changes - Apollo Smart 
Lights-3.docx (otcmarkets.com) 
VPER - OTC PlnkGuidelines Annual 12.31.20(Feb21 vers)v.3 nowcfo changes 
- Apollo Smart Lights-3 
27& 0dunhwv *urxs ,qf 27& 3lqn %dvlf tivforvxuh •xlgholghv y )heuxdu\ 3djh ri wklv Ivvxhu ru dq\ ri lwv 
suhghfhwruv kdyh ehhq wkh vxemhfw ri vxfk surfhhglqjv sohdvh surylgh dgglwIrqdo ghwdlov lq wkh 
EFTA00010863
--- PAGE 46 ---
backend.otcmarkets.com 
Santeon Group 
fka Air-Q 
Air Rover 
Covenant Financial 
Homegate Corp 
Spartan Oil 
ubroadcast 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Santeon and Viper: African/Egyptian entities/Individuals 
Santeon CEO : Ashraf Rofail 
International Land Alliance 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
A San Diego virtual office well known to the SEC in its correspondence 
Virtual Office in DiamondView Tower  I Regus RU 
Virtual Office in DiamondView Tower I Regus RU 
Renting a Virtual Office in DiamondView Tower is affordable and easy. Choose a virtual office option and 
pay one simple price. Get a quote today. 
vo.vwsegussu 
filename! .pdf (sec.gov) 
filenamel.pdf (sec.gov) 
International Land Alliance 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
A little California pot 
a little "Mexico vacation properties" 
Mexico Vacation Property Investment  I Baja Mexico Real Estate Investment  I International Land Alliance 
(ila.company.) 
Mexico Vacation Property Investment I Baja 
Mexico Real Estate Investment - Baja Mexico 
Real Estate Investment I International Land 
Alliance 
EFTA00010864
--- PAGE 47 ---
International Land Alliance is a Mexico vacation property 
investment firm based in San Diego, California. The company was 
formed for the purpose of developing and selling residential 
communities for home buyers, vacation/second home, 
retirement, and investors. 
ila.company 
As of 2017, ILA is a Wyoming LLc 
SEC FORM D 
SEC FORM D 
In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is: Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this 
notice is filed of the offering of securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, 
in the accordance with applicable law, the information furnished to offerees.* 
www.sec.gov 
Of course: as has been well documented by ME: ILA currency of choice for these "beautiful Mexico land 
ventures" is common stock. 
In April 2021 
International Land Alliance Inc. (Form: 8-K Received: 04/05/2021 14:00:05) (otcmarkets.com) 
OMID Holdings 
fka New York Based Avl Group 
content (otcmarkets.com) 
Disclosure Statement Pursuant to the Pink Basic Disclosure Guidelines -
OTC Markets Group 
OTC Markets Group Inc. OTC Pink Basic Disclosure Guidelines (v2.1 December 2019) Page 1 of 23 . 
Disclosure Statement Pursuant to the Pink Basic Disclosure Guidelines 
backend.otcmarkets.com 
Back in 2010, AV1 Group New York was controlled by a Moussa Traore 
SEC FORM D 
Who happens to have the same name as former Mali Dictator. 
Of Course, Jason Sunstein ONLY experience on Linked In is his ILA tenure. ALL of these other ventures have been 
ommitted. Gee, I wonder why. 
Jason Sunstein - Co-Founder and Vice President - International Land Alliance, Inc. (OTCQB: ILAL) i  Linkedln 
EFTA00010865
--- PAGE 48 ---
Jason Sunstein - Co-Founder and Vice President -
International Land Alliance, Inc. (OTCQB: ILAL)
Linkedln 
Jason Sunstein Co-Founder and Vice President at International Land Alliance, 
Inc. San Diego, California S00+ connections 
J 
www.linkedin.com 
Mr Searles,Banerjee, SEC LA have been criminally obstructing a REAL investigation into Sunstein et al. Right 
there in San Diego/UBS K2 back yard. So: No individual UBS San Diego K2 complaints, multiple money 
laundering shells up and running. 
For MANY reasons IG Hoecker: ALL SEC OWB Denials of my award applications are complete fraud. ALL of the 
activity continues TODAY as a direct result of your criminal obstruction and corruption. 
AND: NITE and CDEL trading all of them. 
In furtherance of the conspiracy 
Cheers! 
Chris 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Friday. May
 4:01 PM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Judge Cote, 
Your 6 month prison sentence for Dan Kamensky is a gross miscarriage of justice. Your Courts, Ms Strauss, and 
Mr Kamensky's counsel are in posession of information that clearly indicates a long standing and corrupt 
relationship between the SEC and Handler/Jefferies. Kamensky was set up. I will be contacting Mr Kamensky 
directly as his counsel has committed gross negligence in his representation. 
Chris 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Friday, May 7, 2021 6:28 AM 
EFTA00010866
--- PAGE 49 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
SONY/NY Supreme Court Judges et al: 
The interconnectedness of my claims on display AGAIN 
Per my 2013 TCR criminally obstructed by McKessy/Norberg et al: WHY do $50 billion Swiss banks trade OTCM 
Pink penny and fractional penny stocks? The record is irrefutable: FINRA/SEC/FINCEN using my information: 
these publicly traded shells are the perfect money laundering vehicle. Absolutely IRREFUTABLE. WHY do firms 
like NITE and CDEL trade the same OTCM Pink shells? Abusive, illegal naked shorting to facilitate this illegal 
activity. Virtually riskless. VERY profitable. NONE of this happens without a willing executing criminal BD like 
NITE converting worthless certs to real money and dumped on the investing public the SEC is MANDATED to 
protect. ACTIVELY facilitated and perpetuated by the grossly corrupt SEC: reverse splits, no CAT, Obligation 
Warehouse: circumvent close outs of Rule 204, rarely revoked registrations, outsourcing the entire OTCM to the 
BD SRO FINRA, etc etc etc. I made the link between the money laundering and the illegal, abusive naked 
shorting. This is and always has been the core business at Knight/KCG/VIRT:NITE. ALL money laundering can be 
reverse engineered from the executing BD/MM level. The cash register. 
What we are seeing in GME is a rounding error compared to the fails and illegal naked shorting in the OTCM. 
EFTA00010867
--- PAGE 50 ---
As I have also repeatedly said: the only difference between a money laundering OTCM Pink shell and a NASDAQ 
SPAC is the amount of money being laundered. Also on display real time as I have detailed. As with Swiss banks 
and penny/fractional penny stocks: WHY do giant Quant Hedge Funds like AQR facilitate so many fraud blank 
check shell transactions? CERTAINLY does not fit the investment thesis of a firm run by Phd's. 
WHY does giant PE/Real Estate firm Apollo play Fisker SPAC? WHY did Goldman,JPM,Jefferies et al bail out NITE 
more than once? WHY has the SEC repeatedly bailed out criminal NITE? 
The most recent Earnings call for NITE was remarkable: SELL SIDE is actually doing what it's supposed to do and 
questioning NITE/Cifu lack of transparency particularly in the last few years. This has been going on for some 
time detailed by me and blessed by the SEC. This lack of transparency is designed to conceal from the public the 
true nature of the core NITE business: illegal, abusive naked shorting OTCM publicly traded shells to facilitate 
money laundering. Until now, the Sell Side turned a blind eye/ also intentionally misled the public by omitting 
these share volumes from their models. These share volumes have been the subject of other SEC/FINRA 
actions. But, somehow NITE has avoided such actions. INEXPLICABLE. The SEC/FINRA have done everything in 
their power to protect NITE. WHY? Because they bailed out a known criminal entity in 2012 and have been 
criminally and corruptly covering up this irrefutable fact ever since. As a result: The illegal activity has continued 
un abated. Then in 1Q2021, the activity hit a level not even dreamt of. It has been a well orchestrated and 
massive SEC facilitated fraud on the public the SEC is mandated to protect. A key player in this massive fraud is 
the corrupt SEC IG Carl Hoecker who not only has criminally and corruptly obstrructed an investigation of my 
extremely serious allegations, Hoecker has also criminally obstructed Congress from executing its oversight of 
the SEC. 
These corrupt, criminal, ongoing frauds have also found their way into the SDNY and NY Supreme Courts as I 
have detailed. Mr Kamensky is most definitely NOT on the SEC/Dal "Do not investigate list". This can also be 
observed in real time. Per my correspondence: MI Acquisition: Magna/Sason: 40 Wall St with AQR/"payment 
processing" and felon Tommy Priore: ICP:SDNY. 
There is a straight and direct line between ICP/Priore and the Degenerate Milken as well as the corrupt 
SEC/SDNY Kamensky "sting" that goes beyond the degenerate Milken flunkie Handler/Jefferies. Where Audrey 
Strauss Praised the work of the SEC. As I have previously detailed: Ares Management: Neiman Marcus: Tony 
Ressler: Milken/ Drexel degenerate flunkie has built quite the monstrosity. A little PE. A little Real estate. But 
the 800Ib gorilla at Ares: Credit. Ressler's sister is married to Fat Leon Black. Close knit bunch for sure. 
Ares: 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Massive CLO manager/originator. 1 stop shop. Because as I detailed previously: now a direct lender to fraud 
money laundering entities like Priore/Sason/AQR et al: PRTH. 
Because securitization drives the lending and is not a biproduct of sound credit analysis: Junk is junk REAL 
TIME. 
I applaud Chair Waters and her efforts to reign in illegal trading practices detailed in my extensive record. 
However: non bank lenders like the massive Ares pose a systemic risk to the US financial system. CLO's are a 
massive fraud on the public developed by the Milken degenerates like the sub prime and S&L's. The SEC actually 
brought a complaint recently: IIG which described using CLO's as a money laundering vehicle. The Caymans 
have recently cracked down also. Greensill: Credit Suisse: Milken: is another example of securitization as money 
laundering vehicle in sub prime factoring: Jim Justice. SBNY is also a securitization fraud: SBA. 
Chair Waters and her Committees see the Credit Ratings Agency/SEC fraud I have also detailed. 
My Coronavirus/repo virus: CLO correspondence: The SEC corruptly didn't downgrade massive CLO debt in 
2020. The result: issuance exploded in 2021. Non bank lenders like Ares as well as Apollo,Jefferies, Ted Virtue 
etc etc have reaped tens of millions in management fees. Who told the SEC to obstruct the proper role of the 
EFTA00010868
--- PAGE 51 ---
Credit Agencies to downgrade massive CLO's in 2020? Mr Clements knows. His garbage CLO "report" late in 
2020 set the stage for the "all clear" to the SEC. 
Oh Mr Kamensky! I only hope you sue these corrupt scumbags who ruined your life while they are treated with 
ZERO implications for their illegal activity by the grossly corrupt SEC/Dal. 
Cheers! 
Chris 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Tuesday. May 4 20217:15 PM 
EFTA00010869
--- PAGE 52 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Mr "Not so Transparent" Dougie Cifu got a little testy on the 1Q2021 earnings call and it abruptly ended. 
Sell Side Analists: Fannon/Jefferies and Kramm/UBS pressed @dougielarge on his lack of transparency. What 
is Dougie Cifu hiding? Something about "what percentage of those 4+ trillion shares of OTCM money laundering 
shells did NITE trade?" made Dougie squirm like the snake most already know he is. 
Love the parting shot to Kramm/UBS: 
"your firm would love to have our business" 
Virtu Financial Inc  (VIRT) Q1 2021 Earnings Call Transcript i  The Motley Fool 
Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Q1 2021 Earnings 
Call Transcript I The Motley Fool 
Virtu Financial Inc (NASDAQ:VIRT) Q1 2021 Earnings Call May 4, 
2021, 8:30 a.m. ET. Contents: Prepared Remarks; Questions and 
Answers; Call Participants; Prepared Remarks: Operator. Good day, 
and ... 
www.fool.com 
I fell off my chair laughing. 
Still no questions on the balooning/insolvent balance sheet. But, hey it's a start. 
Ms Mehraban, Mr Williams: your former Paul Weiss colleague Dougie Cifu is feeling some heat. I know you will 
be gentle with him 
Mr Gensler: in case you missed it: Dougie sends his best 
Cheers! 
Chris 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Monday, May 3, 2021 2:03 PM 
EFTA00010870
--- PAGE 53 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
SONY/NY Supreme Court Judges. 
I once challenge the best and brightest the SEC/DoJ/FBI/IRS Cl/FINCEN have to offer. Tear me to shreds. Make 
an example. I haven't been wrong about 1 single thing. NOT EVEN 1. 
The record is simply irrefutable: 
The latest edition of "The SEC is a grossly corrupt, criminal organization actively facilitating 
multiple,massive,ongoing frauds on the public it is mandated to protect to the benefit of the criminals who own 
them while screwing the whistleblower who caught them:ME" 
I refer you to the SEC Office of the Whistleblower FAQ 
Of course, I have multiple forms copied should you prefer 
SEC.gov I Office of the Whistleblower 
SEC.gov I Office of the Whistleblower 
3. What information can I submit to the SEC? The SEC conducts investigations into possible violations of 
the federal securities laws. In general, the more specific, credible, and timely a whistleblower tip, the more 
likely it is that the tip will be forwarded to investigative staff for further follow-up or investigation. 
EFTA00010871
--- PAGE 54 ---
AGAIN AGAIN AGAIN IG Hoecker et al: the "summary disposition" aka Christopher J Dilorio rule corruptly 
enacted by Norberg/Clayton et al was/is COMPLETE FRAUD 
per FAQ #12 from the grossly corrupt SEC/OWB website: 
"ALL TIPS, complaints, and referrals received by the SEC are FULLY REVIEWED BY OUR ENFORCEMENT 
STAFF 
" 
FURTHER 
"Complaints that relate to an EXISTING INVESTIGATION are FORWARDED TO the STAFF WORKING ON THE 
MATTER." 
New line of inquiry. 
I don't see how it could be ANY MORE CLEAR IG Hoecker et al. 
In addition to annual reports to Congress ACKNOWLEDGING the OWB as the primary contact for whistleblowers 
to the Commission at large, this is damning. The summary disposition rule aka Christopher J Dilorio Rule: "SEC 
staff never saw Mr Dilorio's information" is complete and total FRAUD. Designed to use my information to both 
bring and obstruct thorough investigations while screwing me out of rightfull compensation. 
IG Hoecker, I'm still looking forward to our first interview given the 3 (THREE) complaints I have filed with your 
office. The UBS Reg SHO Denial was complete fraud. The UBS FINRA/FINCEN, SEC AML Denial was complete 
fraud. The Opco Denial was complete fraud. ALL must be reversed. The Summary Disposition Rule/aka 
Christopher J Dilorio rule must be nullified RETROACTIVE to its passage as it is clearly contrary to the SEC Rules 
ITSELF. 
I look forward to speaking with you Carl 
303-877-7008 
Cheers! 
Chris 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 5:57 AM 
Iv. van-inn, nanya,a-nurni.rciakr, TF”voaawmTe.J.51-nr 
iunyala-eTuTiew-Tnrnyv.uzw‘itt.I.5vv,
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
so sorry for incorrect e mail 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris diiorio@msn.com> 
EFTA00010872
--- PAGE 55 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Judge Buchwald, 
I hope your colleagues in the SDNY and NY Supreme Court have forwarded my information. Like your 
colleagues, you are the victim of another SEC fraud on the SDNY court. I am an irrefutable expert on SEC 
criminal obstruction and corruption. Jay Clayton was NEVER "shocked" by the widespread fraud in the OTCM 
and crypto markets. 
Widespread Fraud in ICOs and Penny Stocks Shocked SEC's Jay Clayton - Bloomberg 
a 
Widespread Fraud in ICOs and Penny Stocks 
Shocked SEC's Jay Clayton - Bloomberg 
The former Wall Street deals lawyer who leads the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission said one of the biggest surprises of 
his first year heading the agency has been learning about the 
levels ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
Clayton's firm Sullivan Cromwell/Jared Fishman/Rodgin Cohen et al are EXPERTS on penny stock fraud having 
bailed out the criminal enterprise Knight/KCG/VIRT:NITE on more than 1 occassion. OTCM shells and crypto are 
complimentary money laundering vehicles. 
Clayton and the SEC have obstructed a thorough investigation of my very serious allegations for years. Including 
the 2017 merger of Virtu and KCG: NITS. As a direct result multiple, massive SEC facilitated frauds on the public 
the SEC is mandated to protect are very much ongoing. In 1Q 2021, more than 4 TRILION shares of OTCM 
money laundering shells were traded. Money laundering shells like SEC reporting HWIN and hundreds just like 
it. Bitcoin continues to be mined in China, Russia, and Belarus. Bitcoin claims to have a limited supply. But, can 
that actually be verified? On his way out the door, Clayton bought the Ripple action. As you have stated: 
extremely flawed SEC argument that Ripple IS a security but somehow Bitcoin ISN'T. 
In fact: either ALL crypto are securities OR NONE are. The IRS for its part treats cryptos as a capital asset. 
Subject to capital gains and losses for tax purposes. As your colleagues can attest, the interconnectedness of my 
information is irrefutable. Several entities including Signature Bank/Greenbox are just 1 example of my 
"Derivative" information. 
Seems to me that Clayton,Hinman, crypto pumper Peirce ALL had KNOWN settled precedent to regulate Bitcoin 
and ALL crypto as securities: SEC V SG Ltd. Where appeals Court got it right and where Howey was applied: 
Securities & Exchange Commission v. SG Ltd., 265 F.3d 42  I Casetext Search + Citator 
Securities & Exchange Commission v. SG Ltd., 265 F.3d 42 I Casetext Search 
+ Citator 
EFTA00010873
--- PAGE 56 ---
Read Securities & Exchange Commission v. SG Ltd., 265 F.3d 42, see flags on bad law, and search Casetext's 
comprehensive legal database 
casetext.com 
The inconsistency in the SEC approach to regulating ALL crypto as securities has caused great confusion in the 
marketplace and has opened the door wide to fraud. 
This is just another example of SEC corruption. 
Now, the SEC corruption has reached your Courtroom as well 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Tuesda , A•ril 20, 2021 11:39 AM 
EFTA00010874
--- PAGE 57 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Several typos omissions corrected below 
Judge Ramos: SEC 1 Off's 
Sec. & Exch. Comm'n v. Honig  18 Civ. 8175 (ER) i  Casetext Search + Citator 
Sec. & Exch. Comm'n v. Honig, 18 Civ. 8175 (ER) I Casetext Search + Citator 
Read Sec. & Exch. Comm'n v. Honig, 18 Civ. 8175 (ER), see flags on bad law, and search Casetext's 
comprehensive legal database 
casetext.com 
SEC settled quickly with Honig et al. Also Alpha Capital Anstalt: Liechtenstein: IMDS: Bag Man Schlaff: Bawag: 
Refco:Rhino: Sedona: Scan Graphics: Shaye Hirsch: Karfunkel: Kushners: Nordlicht: Englander: et al: Judge Swain 
Derivatives. 
These SEC 1 off's guarantee the activity continues. It does. 
Below: Tri-Mark: Sytner 
last 10K filed with the SEC:2010 
forml0k5tolholding123110.htm  (sec.gov) 
Pg 46 Honig owned 2,514,786 shares or 7% 
That's STATED control 
When did the SEC waive 13D/G filings simply because it was disclosed in an audited/SEC reviewed 10K? 
Not 1 off's: guarantee activity continues 
Judge Ramos, did you put an end to Honig? 
NOPE 
Barry C. Honig et al. (Release No. LR-24262• Sep. 7 2018) (sec.gov) 
Barry C. Honig, et al. (Release No. LR-24262; Sep. 7, 2018) 
The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged a group of ten individuals and ten associated 
entities for their participation in long-running fraudulent schemes that generated over $27 million from 
unlawful stock sales and caused significant harm to retail investors who were left holding virtually worthless 
stock. 
vAyvv.sec gov 
And, as I proved below: Jaclin/Honig STILL up and running in April 2021 
EFTA00010875
--- PAGE 58 ---
SONY Judges/NY Supreme Court: The SEC CONTINUES to play you for fools while ACTIVELY facilitating massive, 
ongoing frauds on the public it is mandated to protect while screwing the whistleblower who caught them: ME 
As I have stated repeatedly in my correspondence: the record 
Multi billionaire Frost wasn't trying to MAKE a few million. Frost et al were LAUNDERING. 
Frost: bought Ladenburg from Icahn/LeBow/Lorber: Vector /New Valley. AFTER Icahn rolled his former 
employer: Gruntal: Sater,Feinberg,SAC et al: MILKEN: into Ladenburg. As MY record also clearly shows: Honig 
also Colleran: Trump felon fundraiser. AND: Vector/New Valley also Trump/Russia. 
"1 off's"! 
Too f'n funny 
Cheers! 
Chris 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Monday, April 19, 2021 4:10 PM 
EFTA00010876
--- PAGE 59 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Welcome to Episode number: I lost track: of SEC criminal obstruction/corruption while screwing the public it is 
mandated to protect and screwing the whistleblower who caught them: ME. 
Give me a call Mr Gensler. Love to catch up. Saw where you did a OTCM esque reverse split in the massive USO 
fraud on the public. 
SONY Judges et al, when you read about something as absurd and ridiculous as Hometown International with a 
Deli front and New Jersey and entities in Hong Kong and Macau, you're probably thinking what I was thinking 
years ago when I began researching NITE and the OTCM shells they traded. But, these are NOT 1 offs. This is 
WHY the OTCM exists: abusive naked shorting OTCM shells to facilitate money laundering is and always has 
been the core business at NITE et al. This is WHY NITE has been bailed out multiple times by other criminal 
entities. There is no such thing as just 1 cock roach. HWIN is no different. It is part of a MUCH MUCH bigger and 
well orchestrated scheme. 
More on Hometown International: 
Hey look, there's a Senegal/Ivory Coast individual named Ibrahima Thiam with a Macau address 
OTCQB-Certification.pdf (sec.report) 
If the name Thiam is familiar, it should be: Tidjane Thiam the former CEO of Milken controlled Credit Suisse: Jim 
Justice: Greensill. 
The resemblance is striking. Don't you think? 
Ibrahima Thiam - Wetlands International 
Ibrahima Thiam - Wetlands International 
P.O. Box 471 6700 AL Wageningen The Netherlands. Tel. +31 (0) 
318 660 910 E-mail: [email protected] RSIN Number: 806703726 
Reg No: 09099028 
www.wetlands.org 
You know the 1 I'm talking about Judge Silver: NITE top traded/multiple SEC/FINRA reverse splits/Jim Justice: 5 
Mile: Perian Salviola/Josh Sason/Sichenzia : NewLead fame? AND sister fraud "Greek Shipper" FreeSeas: also NY 
Supreme Court. Also Sason/Sichenzia. But with other Milken flunkie Terren Peizer. Crede. Along with Deutsche 
Bank and Credit Suisse. Peizer/Crede also Net Element. Net Element former CFO New: also Blink Charging: with 
JMJ/Keener AND Prolific Bag Man Michael Farkas. MORE derivatives 
EFTA00010877
--- PAGE 60 ---
More on Farkas later in the e mail. Read on 
And, not to get too graphic 
But another Hong Kong/Macau HWIN "investor" is Swiss "model" Nathalie Pasyawon 
Nathalie Pasyawon - Boobpedia - Encyclopedia of big boobs 
Interconnectedness defined. OR as I like to say MORE DERIVATIVES 
The 2020 SEC reviewed HWIN 10K filed March 26, 2021 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1632081/000121390021018020/f10k2020 hometowninter.htm 
www.sec.gov 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 . FORM 10-K (Mark 
One) ❑O ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1934 For the fiscal year ended: December 31, 2020 or K TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from 
to 
www.sec.g ov 
Guess who has been the HWIN auditor since 2015? 
Fined/censured by PCAOB Liggett and Webb 
James Liggett/Martin Webb 
Microsoft Word - 105-2020-010-LW.docx  (azureedge.net) 
Not the ONLY money laundering shells L/W CPA are involved in either 
Directory - Service Provider Directory I OTC Markets 
OTC Markets I Official site of OTCQX, OTCQB and Pink Markets 
Get Stock & Bond Quotes, Trade Prices, Charts, Financials and Company News & Information for OTCQX, 
OTCQB and Pink Securities. 
www.otcmarkets.com 
Several SEC reporting 
AND a few more with up and running TODAY 
NASDAQ listed Orbital Energy Group OEG 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Aqua Power Systems APSI. That's Aqa Power systems fka NC Solar: a Jaclin money laundering shell 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1553264/000114420412044855/v3 21146 sl.htm 
EFTA00010878
--- PAGE 61 ---
Bang Holdings Corp BXNG: VERY appropriate Name. Read on. Also Jaclin. Also Zenith. AND Platinum 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Brownies Marine Group BWMG 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
C2E Energy Inc OOGI FKA Odyssey Oil and Gas: through 2020: a NY HQ company 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1160798/000121390021020286/f10k2020 c2eenergyinc.htm 
www.sec.gov 
The Company intended to expand the making of bio fuels from algae to other large mining Companies in 
South Africa. On May 26, 2009, the Company acquired 51% of H-Power (Pty) Ltd. H-Power (Pty) Limited, a 
South African registered company, which owns an exclusive license to develop and market batteries based 
on patented Hybrid Battery Technology worldwide. However, on August 27, 2009, the ... 
vo.vw sec g ov 
Enviro Technologies US Inc EVTN 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Hometown International HWIN 
See Below 
Ocean Thermal Energy Corp CPWR 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Point Of Care Nano-Technology Inc PCNT fka Alternative Energy and Environmental Solutions: Also Jaclin 
fs10511 altenergy.htm (sec.gov) 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Second Street Capital CTON 
content  (otcmarkets.com) 
Vynleads Inc VYND 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
PuraDyn Filter Technologies PFTI 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
A New York Liggett/Webb money laundering shell is C2E Energy Inc 
1185 Avenue of the Americas 
EFTA00010879
--- PAGE 62 ---
Began as an "exercise equipment " shell controlled by Curtis Olschansky 
Everyone remember the Better Buns machine? 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1160798/000114420407015535/v069715 l0ksb.htm 
SEC 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 
(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period 
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements 
for the past 90 days. 
www.sec.gov 
Here's ANOTHER lesson in derivatives for the slow on the uptake 
New York C2E Energy Inc is now controlled by PROLIFIC Bag Man David Lazar/Zenith Partners/International 
/Equity Holdings LLc's and Custodian Ventures. 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1160798/000121390021020286/f10k2020 c2eenergyinc.htm 
www.sec.gov 
The Company intended to expand the making of bio fuels from algae to other large mining Companies in 
South Africa. On May 26, 2009, the Company acquired 51% of H-Power (Pty) Ltd. H-Power (Pty) Limited, a 
South African registered company, which owns an exclusive license to develop and market batteries based 
on patented Hybrid Battery Technology worldwide. However, on August 27, 2009, the ... 
www.sec.gov 
Lazar/Zenith following money laundering shells: 
Mediashift MSHF 
Melt Inc MELT 
XXStream XMET 
FinotecGroup FTGI 
Enabling Asia Inc EAIN 
Goff Corp GOFF 
NYSE listed SyntheticBiologics SYN 
Exobox EXBX 
just to name a few 
Lazar NY address: 3445 Lawrence Ave 
Oceanside, NY 
Also SEC NY 
Lazar partner in Zenith is Los Angeles/Beverly Hills/Santa Monica based Barry Sytner 
also home to Mogilevich Bag Man Milken/Dexel/Boyd lefferies et al 
Sytner was himself in control of Tri - Mark Mfg Inc with guess who? Barry Honig 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
EFTA00010880
--- PAGE 63 ---
and another money laundering shell up and running today: Chinese $$ laundering shell Worry Free Holdings 
Teed up and ready to go with Rent A CFO: CFO NOW 
Worry Free is FKA SEC reporting iVoiceldeas Inc 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Microsoft Word - WYCC 30 SEPT 2018 OTC FILING.FILED VERSION  (otcmarkets.com) 
Worry Free not the only Lazar China $$ laundering shell 
Hong Kong Winalite Group 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Not revoked by the grossly corrupt SEC after 10 years of no financial disclosures. Rather: voluntarily suspended 
by Lazar to be re used at a later date. Per my record with the SEC et al: money laundering shells go dark AFTER 
the fraud is committed. SEC does nothing to PREVENT the fraud from happening in the first place 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1059885/000121390020001328/f1515d0120 hongkongwinalite.ht 
m 
Anyone keeping track of the Jaclin/Honig related money laundering shells we're up to so far? 
Again: the Lazar/Sytner/Zenith/Custodian Ventures/Liggett/Webb list is not exhaustive 
But in excess of 20 money laundering shells up and running today should be a good start. Don't you think Mr 
Gensler? 
Of course, the money laundering shell that ties all of these ongoing frauds together is Bang Holdings: BXNG 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1632323/000161577415000921/s101040 sl.htm#INTEREST 
SEC.gov I HOME 
(1) This Registration Statement covers the resale by our selling shareholders up to (1) 1,857,050 shares of 
common stock previously issued to such selling shareholders and (2) 1,500,000 shares of common stock 
issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants ("Warrants") at an exercise price of $0.35 per share, that 
were issued in connection with a Securities Purchase Agreement by and between ... 
%%rimy sec g ov 
A Colorado incorporated/Miami based/Jaclin money laundering shell where Liggett/Webb are auditor with 
Farkas/Platinum/Zenith Equity Holdings/Michael Bernstein et al 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Vast majority: SEC reporting. Several Jaclin. BXNG: Farkas/Jaclin. Several with Chinese Nationals. 
Zenith/Lazar/Sytner: Jaclin 2.0 like Honig. ABSOLUTELY NOTHING random about this as I have stated repeatedly: 
MASSIVE in scope/Brazen/Egregious/ongoing/SEC facilitated/SEC IG complicit frauds on the public the grossly 
corrupt SEC is mandated to protect while screwing the whistleblower who caught them: ME. AND NONE OF IT 
HAPPENS without well known criminal entities like executing BD/MM's NITE et al. NOT the "penny stock trading 
fairies" 
EFTA00010881
--- PAGE 64 ---
No, SDNY/NY Supreme Court Judges: Hometown International is NOT a 1 off that slipped through the cracks. At 
ALL times Jaclin has been under the jurisdiction of the SEC NY. At ALL times SEC NY ALSO under the jurisdiction 
of the SDNY. 
Cheers! 
Chris 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Saturday, April 17, 2021 10:31 AM 
EFTA00010882
--- PAGE 65 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
SDNY Judges and SEC IG, 
I would like to Re admit the following which is part of my extensive record with the grossly corrupt SEC: Jaclin 
Money laundering shells: Honig et al. AND prolific Bag Man Michael Farkas: BLNK,ICLD etc etc 
Have you been watching the story about this Deli in New Jersey with a $100 million dollar market cap? 
US Financial Markets Have Become A Giant Mirage Built On A Foundation Of Fraud  I  ZeroHedge
US Financial Markets Have Become A Giant 
Mirage Built On A Foundation Of Fraud 
ZeroHedge - On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for 
everyone drops to zero 
www.zerohedge.com 
SDNY judges/ SEC IG: This is what I have been telling the grossly corrupt SEC for more than 8 fn years now. 
ALL of this activity is up and running TODAY: April 2021 thanks to SEC criminal obstruction and corruption. 
The SEC is a criminal enterprise ACTIVELY facilitating multiple, ongoing frauds on the public it is mandated to 
protect to the benefit of the criminals who own them while screwing the whistleblower who caught them: ME 
Say Hi to the OTCM Pink money laundering shell Hometown International 
EDGAR Search Results (sec.gov) 
pg 22 and following of Selling Shareholders in this 2020 SEC approved SI 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1632081/000121390020014269/ea122720-sl_hometown.htm4j 015 
SEC.gov I HOME 
(1) Pursuant to Rule 416(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), there are 
also being registered hereby an additional indeterminate number of shares of the Registrant's Common 
Stock, $0.0001 par value (the "Common Stock") as may become issuable to the selling stockholders as a 
result of stock splits, stock dividends and similar transactions, and, in ... 
www.sec.gov 
New Jersey Deli with "investors" in Macau, Hong Kong etc 
Welcome to my world in dealing with the grossly corrupt SEC 
Of course, Hometown International was ANOTHER Jaclin money laundering shell kept up and running by the 
grossly corrupt SEC 
hftps://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1632081/000114420415059929/v422176_sl.htm 
SEC.gov I HOME 
EFTA00010883
--- PAGE 66 ---
E. Grant Street . Woodstown, NJ 08098 (856)759-9034 (Address, including zip code, and telephone 
number, Including area code, of registrant's principal executive offices) 
y.ww.sec.goy 
What I have been telling the grossly corrupt SEC for YEARS: This is WHY the OTCM exists. AND, in 01 2021, more 
than 4 TRILLION shares of money laundering shells like Hometown International were traded by NITE, CDEL et 
al. 
Market Statistics - Equity Trading Data Monthly (finra.org) 
ABSOLUTELY nothing has changed in the last 8 years. Infact, as the grossly corrupt SEC,DoJ et al have been in 
possession of my information, this illegal activity has EXPLODED. 
SEC IG: DO YOUR FUCKING JOB! !! !!! 
Hometown International: Woodstown NJ: SEC NY: SDNY jurisdiction 
Cheers! 
Chris 
From: Chris Ditorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 5:29 AM 
EFTA00010884
--- PAGE 67 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital Tat & Appendix 
Judge Swain: still ANOTHER version of A Stroll Down the ABSOLUTELY NOTHING HAS CHANGED Avenue. 
This is another version of my extensive correspondence as I wait on the SEC Final Determination. Below, I 
detailed the $765 million fraud DFC/taxpayer loan to almost insolvent Kodak to transition from 
film/cameras(buggy whips) to hydroxychloriquine. The DFC was run by Jared Kushner's college roommate. 
Massive fraud from the outset. The SEC of course never investigated the massive pump and dump related to 
this fraud. AND, thanks to the SEC egregious obstruction of Congress: there is STILL no CAT. Of Course the DFC 
first appointed IG Zakel (Sep 6 2020) concluded 2 months later that Jared's roommate didn't break any laws. 
Further: The Akin Gump internal investigation is ripped to shreds by yours truly below. AGAIN:There was no 
Clayton et al/SEC OR DoJ investigation into the egregious Insider Pump and Dump that took place in KODK 
related to the fraud DFC taxpayer loan. 
The interconnectdness of my claims on display yet again. 
Some Interesting entities involved with Blackstone/Schwarzman/New in the almost insolvent at the time/still: 
KODK. 
Recall from a version I sent last week Judge Swain: 
Sedona/Scan Graphics: 1998 
Kushners/Nordlicht/Englander AND 
The Karfunkel Family Trust 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/764843/0000943396-98-000012.txt 
KODK got some attention when GEORGE KARFUNKEL made a generous donation to a "synagogue" in Brooklyn 
called Congregation Chemdas Yisroel 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/31235/000121390020020114/ea124950scl3da2karfunkel eas.htm 
SEC.gov I HOME 
This Amendment No. 2 to Schedule 13D ("Amendment No. 2") relates to the common stock, $0.01 par 
value per share (the "Common Stock"), of Eastman Kodak Company, a New Jersey corporation (the 
"Issuer"), and amends and supplements the initial statement on Schedule 13D filed on May 18, 2017, as 
amended and supplemented by the Schedule 13D/A filed on December 6, 2019 (the "Schedule ... 
Chemdas Yisroel address: 
1428 36th St Brooklyn NY 11218-3765 Suite 200 
EFTA00010885
--- PAGE 68 ---
This EXACT address is the home of Roth CPA's etc 
Which also has offices in Israel 
Roth&Co — We understand that your business is your life's work  (rothcocpa.com) 
Roth&Co - We understand that your business is your life's work 
NEW YORK. 1428 36th Street Suite 200 Brooklyn, NY 11218 Phone: 718-236-1600 Fax: 718-236-4849 
rothcocpa.com 
Important to note here that George Karfunkel founded 1 of the largest Stock transfer companies: American 
Stock Transfer. Did I mention there was no Jay Clayton et al/SEC/DoJ Insider trading/P&D investigation into 
KODK? 
I digress. 
See, back in 2004, Barry F'n Honig had a shop called GRQ Consultants 
GRQ was involved in 2 money laundering Shells: 
Amplidyne yada yada 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001170022-05-000036  (sec.gov) 
AND 
Cell Power Technologies 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001144204-04-007936  (sec.gov) 
Everyone catch the address of this Cell Boost "technology" Cell Power? 
The SAME address as Chemdas Yisroel and Roth CPA's 
but just down the hall: Suite 205 
This is priceless. 
An SEC approved offering from 2005 for Cell Power 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1202034/000114420405030051/v026245 424b3.txt 
Who was the law firm on this money laundering shell in 2005??? 
Sichenzia Ross. The same law firm responsible for NewLead and FreeSeas: 2 massive frauds perpetrated on the 
SONY Courts as well as NY Supreme Court. Brought to you by the grossly corrupt SEC. 
Gets better still.... 
The SEC revoked Cell Power Technologies in 2010 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Barry Honig/Jaclin: also Blink Charging with prolific Bag Man Michael Farkas, JMJ, Drexel Alum Director, 
Jonathan New: NETE CFO up and running in 2021. 
And Barry Honig: Frost/Stetson/Colleran/ Alpha Capital et al 
Recall the record Laney: "multi billionaire Frost wasn't trying to MAKE a few million. Frost was laundering" 
Frost: bought Ladenburg from Icahn/Vector after Ladenburg bought Gruntal: Milken, SAC, Feinberg et al 
Colleran: Trump felon fundraiser 
Alpha Cap: Schlaff: Bawag/Refco/Sedona/Judge Swain: also my Knight/KCG/VIRT:NITE TCR 
2020. TEN YEARS AFTER the SEC revoked the Honig/Sichenzia money laundering shell down the hall from 
Chemdas Yisroel/Roth CPA: Garfunkel: Cell Power Technologies 
EFTA00010886
--- PAGE 69 ---
Garfunkel: 1998 Sedona/Scan Graphics w/Kushners et al 
Karfunkel/Chemdas Yisroel/Roth CPA's weren't the only ones to "get the look" (for those of you with ZERO 
trading experience charged with enforcing Securities Laws like insider trading, this is the term used for insider 
trading) 
Moses Marx also "got the look" 
EDGAR Filing  Documents for 0001104659-20-089495  (sec.gov) 
EDGAR Filing Documents for 0001104659-20-089495 
EASTMAN KODAK CO (Subject) CIK: 0000031235 (see all company filings) IRS No.: 160417150IState of 
Incorp.:NJ I Fiscal Year End: 1231 Type: SC 13D/A I Act: 34 I File ... 
vo.yw sec g ov 
Marx and Karfunkel go way back and are still in business together 
Does United Equities/Commodities ring any bells? 
How about Berkshire Bancorp? ANOTHER New York licensed Bank 
EDGAR Search Results  (sec.gov) 
Karfunkel/Marx moved BERK from the NASDAQ to the OTCM Pinks around 2013 
WHY? Less disclosure stupid. 
Microsoft Word - {D634DCBC-639A-4A58-8504-3EDC20157A89} (otcmarkets.com) 
hey look! Marx,Karfunkel:BERK has the same auditor as Trump: Mazars. Prly just ANOTHER coincidence. For 
those of you incapable of following along: The probability that ALL of the Karfunkel illgotten gains in the 
SEC/Trump/Kushner/Blackstone/DFC et al facilitated P&D/Insider trading went to Congregation Chemdas 
Yisroel is virtually ZERO. 
Have I mentioned there was NO :zero,zilch,nada Jay Clayton et al/SEC/Dal insider trading investigation into 
KOOK? 
OK, good. Got it covered 
Maybe, just maybe had the grossly corrupt SEC thoroughly investigated my irrefutably accurate allegations: 
Blackstone/Schwarzman: NITE, the massive pump and dump fraud:Blackstone et al: KODK wouldn't have 
happened. Which is why there has NEVER been a thorough investigation of my irrefutably accurate allegations. 
In fact, the grossly corrupt SEC has criminally obstructed a thorough investigation of my claims SO THAT frauds 
like KODK can continue. The SEC is bought and paid for by criminals while actively facilitating MULTIPLE frauds 
on the public it is mandated to protect WHILE screwing the whistleblower who caught them:ME. the record 
Janey is IRREFUTABLE. 
Finally Ms Wing/Strauss: will you be keeping your DoJ e mail address up and running months after you land a 
new gig like Geoffrey Berman has? Almost like he never left. 
So Judge Swain: What has changed since your Sedona/Badian/Hirsch/Refco/Bawag decision? 
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING! 
Yes: Blackstone/Schwarzman/Marx/Karfunkel/Kushner/Trump et al are most definitely on the SEC/DoJ "Do not 
investigate List" 
Cheers! 
Chris 
EFTA00010887
--- PAGE 70 ---
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent. Wednesday September 23 2020 718 PM
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Judges Cave and Nathan, 
If there was ANY question as to the veracity of my extremely serious allegations, the SEC put it to rest today 
with its "clarification" and new rules governing the Whistleblower program: 
My preliminary denial in June for the Opco Award application which was 5 years in the waiting: "SEC staff never 
saw Mr Dilorio's information" 
I refer you to the ONLY new rule in the "clarifications" in the interest of "transparency" 
https://www.sec.gov/rules/final/2020/34-89963.pdf
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 17 CFR Parts 240 and 249 RIN 
3235-AM11 ACTION SUMMARY 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION . 17 CFR Parts 240 and 249 [Release No. 34-89963; File No. S7-
16-181 RIN 3235-AM11 . Whistleblower Program Rules 
vo.vw.sec gov 
New Rule 240.21F-18 Summary Disposition 
(3) The information you submitted was never provided to or used by the staff handling the covered action or the 
underlying investigation (or examination), and the staff members otherwise had no contact with you. 
AKA the Christopher J Dilorio Rule. Created to deny awards of rightful compensation. Per my appeal: a whistleblower CAN 
NOT know who at the SEC he/she should contact as investigations are done in strict confidentiality. Further, the OWB itself 
is the CENTRAL contact for whistleblowers. It is the EXPLCIT and EXCLUSIVE responsibility of the OWB to distribute 
whistleblower information within the SEC. This "rule" is FURTHER overwhelming evidence of SEC corruption and 
obstruction. 
Judges Cave and Nathan: ALL information presented to your Courts must be treated with extreme skepticism if not 
outright disdain. IF the SEC is willing to commit massive fraud on whistleblowers who expose their corruption and criminal 
activity just imagine the evidence it is willing to fabricate to bring a case like they are in Kamensky. An immediate STAY in 
Kamensky is warranted until an independent thorough investigation of my claims can be executed. ALL evidence 
presented to your courts by the SEC must be questioned in light of the overwhelming evidence I have provided. Again: this 
corruption goes straight to Jay Clayton himself. His former colleague Jared Fishman has played a key role in this massive 
fraud. Clayton NEVER disclosed these conflicts. In addition, your Honors are in possession of other Clayton/Sull 
Crom/AQR/Girsky facilitated fraud: Nikola. This is what it has come to when you blow the whistle on the grossly corrupt 
SEC: They create a completely arbitrary and fraudulent rule to silence you. 
Rule 204-21F summary disposition aka Screw the whistleblowers exposing SEC corruption Rule OR 
EFTA00010888
--- PAGE 71 ---
The Christopher J Dilorio Rule 
Regards, 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
FROM:Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:27 AM 
u ject: w: Formal appeal or denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix
Judges Cave and Nathan, 
My allegations are chock full of members of the SEC "Do Not investigate Club". Per my TCR: Key to the Aug 2012 
"glitch/Bailout: Blackstone/Schwarzman. Blackstone had done extensive Due Diligence on Knight prior to the 
"glitch" and had considered buying them north of $14/sh. Somehow/some way Blackstone decided not to go 
ahead with buying Knight not too long before the "glitch" which took the stock to $3. The ultimate bailout deal 
was NOT collateral based. Rather a convert with a %50 discount to $3: $1.50/share. "WHEW". Per my TCR: ALL 
2012 "glitch" bailout participants including Blackstone knew EXACTLY the fraud on the Knight balance sheet. 
Because of SEC corruption/criminal obstruction, NITE is insolvent TODAY. Absolutely nothing has changed. A 
massive ongoing fraud on the public. 
As a direct result of the SEC "Do not investigate Club", The KODK/Blackstone fraud on US Taxpayers (see below) 
was perpetrated on the public. 
Steve Schwarzman/Blackstone are near the top of the SEC "Do not investigate List". 
Obviously, Mr Kamensky is not in the Club. 
As you can clearly see from my appeal to the OWB: The SEC intended to run out the clock. 5 years in the waiting 
in their Preliminary Determination Opco Award Denial for " Investigators never saw my information". Yet, SEC 
actions based on my information include: Hanover/Magna, JMJ/Keener, Fife, Southridge/Hicks, Opco, and 
UBSS. Missing somehow: NITE, Handler/Jefferies, Blackstone/Schwarzman etc etc. 
The last overt act of this massive conspiracy has not yet occurred. 
Mr Kamensky and I are BOTH victims of a longstanding and corrupt relationship between the SEC and 
Handler/Jefferies et al. Also victim of this corruption: the investing public the SEC is mandated to protect and 
the US Taxpayer. 
Regards, 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
EFTA00010889
--- PAGE 72 ---
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
cam- Worinactiav contomhar 1A WW1 A•,% AM 
--rocH"-"aw-Yktr`J3w-q•150-1•'" 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Janey, 
Schwarzman must be pretty close to the top of the SEC's "do not investigate" list. 
The latest Schwarzman/Blackstone orchestrated fraud and cover up: KODK 
Today, the KODK Board Member Jason New: Blackstone "independent" outside inquiry by the law firm Akin 
Gump is in 
https://www.kodak.com/content/products-brochures/Company/Report-to-the-Special-Committee-
09.15.2020.pdf
"gaps" indeed 
The flowery New/BX cover up is chock FULL of gaps. 
"Introduction to Phlow" 
Phlow: the VA consortium receiving $350 mil in Government Covid funding to provide Trump pushed Covid 
Cure: hydroxychloroquine 
https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/phlow-corporation-awarded-354-million-hhsasprbarda-contract-
to-manufacture-essential-medicines-in-shortage-301061648.html 
Phlow Corporation Awarded $354 Million HHS/ASPR/BARDA Contract to 
Manufacture Essential Medicines in Shortage - PR Newswire 
RICHMOND, Va., May 19, 2020 /PRNewswire/ 
Phlow, a U.S.-based, public benefit drug manufacturing 
corporation, has received federal government funding of $354 million for advanced manufacturing ... 
www.prnewswire.com 
Phlow already has/had a long standing relationship with Ampac Fine Chemicals 
https://www.phlow-usa.com/about-us/ 
About Us I Phlow Corporation 
Robert Mooney is a tireless champion of creativity and business 
acumen. As an entrepreneur and co-founder of New Richmond 
Ventures (NRV), Bob counseled startups and early stage 
companies on accounting and financial reporting, capital 
EFTA00010890
--- PAGE 73 ---
strategies, equity raising, project financing, milestones, business 
www.phlow-usa.com 
In May 2020, Phlow was re starting/building a mfg facility/warehouse with partner Ampac (AFC) to fulfill its 
Government contract 
hups://richmondbizsense.com/2020/05/20/new-richmond-based-pharma-startup-with-350m-in-funding-eyes-
facility-in-petersburgi
New Richmond-based pharma startup with 
$350M in funding eyes facility in Petersburg -
Richmond BizSense 
Earlier this month BizSense first reported Phlow's initial 
government contract for $6 million, but details on the company's 
plans remained unclear at the time.. Gupton said in an interview 
Tuesday the company's plans have been in the works for about 18 
months, well before COVID-19 hit. 
richmondbizsense com 
Per the KODK/New/BX/Akin Gump cover up: pg 20 
"On June 15 2020,Kodak signed a Letter of Intent with Phlow in furtherance of its application to the DFC to 
show it had a CUSTOMER for its future API's" 
Most definitely "DEFINITIVE AND MATERIAL" 
So, where is the SEC reviewed/required 8k for this agreement? 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?ClK=31235 
Meaning: the DFC application was a FRAUD. Fraud on the government. Fraud on American taxpayers. 
Further: WHY would the DFC consider "loaning" $765 million to KODK with NO EXISTING API capability when it 
already granted LESS money to Phlow/Ampac with proven capabilities? Answer: KODK liquidity issues are 
SEVERE 
Like Milken: Insider trading is NOT the real issue here. The latest BX orchestrated "glitch": KODK. 
I know this information may be more than the SEC/DoJ are capable of comprehending. 
Call me and I'll walk you through it SLOWLY. 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
EFTA00010891
--- PAGE 74 ---
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, September 1, 2020 7:40 AM 
Janey, 
MORE on the Blackstone/Trump/Kushner KODK P&D grift. 
Again, BX helped orchestrate the Knight "glitch" and bailout. No doubt, the "luckiest" f'ers on the Street. VERY 
high on the SEC do not investigate list. So, they can continue to facilitate criminal activity. 
See below: Jason New: KODK BoD: BX. In charge of the KODK "internal investigation". Now we read where D E 
Shaw has taken a 5% stake in KODK. guess who DE Shaw largest investor is: Blackstone. Corruption cover up. For 
the record Janey 
https://www.thetrustedinsight.com/investment-news/de-shaw-blackstone-20190325420/ 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Thursday, August 20, 2020 12:04 PM 
EFTA00010892
--- PAGE 75 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Mr Best, 
Congratulations on your new position as Director of SECNY. 
No doubt you have earned the promotion. For those of you who don't know Dick Best from his FINRA days, this 
masterpiece is what got him his job at the SEC Atlanta office 
https://www.finra.org/media-center/news-releases/2014/finra-fines-brown-brothers-harriman-record-8-
million-substantial-anti 
The BBH AML complaint. Truly, fantastic work. 
ALL of the entities in the complaint are un named. WHY? 
This is my information. 
Swiss Banks, FFI's, and of course: penny stock trading fairies aka executing BD's/MM's that made it all possible. 
Per Dick's complaint: BBH delivered 80%+ of the trades to executing BD's/MM's. Did Dick Best criminally 
obstruct an investigation into my claims? Per my extensive correspondence with Robin Traxler at FINRA AND the 
fact that the SEC had my Knight Capital TCR in its possession for almost a year when Dick brought his BBH 
complaint. So, did Dick's complaint implicate entities in my TCR and that's why ALL of the entities in Dick's 
complaint are un named? Most certainly YES. 
Recall, this scheme generated $850 MILLION in proceeds. Dick's $8 mil fine was not a deterrent. Intentionally 
SO. 
So Congrats Dick on your new position as Director at SECNY. Janey, Hoecker, Dick, the record is extensive of my 
correspondence including Dick Best at the Atlanta Office. No doubt he will be recusing himself related to 
matters involving the un named entities in his FINRA BBH complaint. OR will he do what is expected at the SEC: 
Criminally obstruct investigations while screwing whistleblowers like me? 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Wednesday, August 19, 2020 6:53 AM 
EFTA00010893
--- PAGE 76 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Further: 
Janey, Hoecker, Jay, Mehraban et al 
Let me help narrow down the SEC facilitated, ongoing accounting fraud at NITE as I know none of you have ever 
spent a day on a trading desk: 
IF the avg holding period for VIRT HFT is a matter of seconds AND VIRT goes home flat every night, then what is 
the receivable/fails related to? With the core Virtu HFT business eliminated, what that does that leave? The 
CASH OTCM business maybe? Should I draw a picture in crayon for you Ms Mehraban? 
NITE: 3 different CFO's in the last year. Ms Mehraban, How much is your former Paul Weiss colleague/boss 
Dougie Cifu paying you to criminally obstruct an investigation of my allegations? 
Janey, Hoecker, Mehraban et al: When it comes to trading fraud/accounting fraud cover ups, SEC attorneys are 
CLEARLY not qualified. 
The record there is ALSO IRREFUTABLE. 
Here glitchy glitchy. 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
EFTA00010894
--- PAGE 77 ---
Janey, Hoecker, Mehraban, Jay et al, 
The massive SEC facilitated fraud on the public known as Knight/KCG/VIRT: NITE is reaching epic proportions in 
August 2020. For the new "accounting" hires at the SEC: 
In 1Q2020, the receivable at NITE was up 90% or $1.2 BILLION from Dec 2019 to 52.562,721 billion 
Per the extensive record Janey: fails: because of self clearing are booked as a receivable. FRAUD. no intention of 
delivering. More accurately a liability. AND per my 2013 TCR: a large portion: structural liability as a result of an 
open naked short fail position WHEN not if a reverse split is approved by the grossly corrupt SEC/FINRA. There 
are some new "buckets" Malusso,loffe, Dougie large have created within the Receivable as well. Creative. The 
accounting shell game: moving fraud (abusive naked shorts) from bucket to bucket. 
The 1Q2020 10O 
https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc./Archives/edgar/data/1592386/000159238620000006/virtufinancial03-
31x20.htm 
Inline XBRL Viewer - SEC 
The Inline XBRL Viewer allows a user to quickly and easily review details of the tagged information in an 
Inline document by automatically placing a top and bottom highlight border around each tagged numeric 
fact and left and right border for each block tagged fact. 
www.sec.gov 
pg 23. 
Buckets total 52.562,721 BILLION 
the 2Q2020 10O 
https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc./Archives/edgar/data/1592386/000159238620000009/virt-20200630.htm 
pg 24 
Buckets total 52.441,283 BILLION 
The FRAUD (please see the record Janey). 
ALL of the receivable items are related to SETTLEMENT. 
Certain items within the receivable: buckets: would zero out within days IF VIRT was in compliance with the 
Securities LAWS: Close out requirements of Rule 204. So, isn't it beyond amazing THAT: although there was 
EFTA00010895
--- PAGE 78 ---
some change in certain buckets AND that the amounts were zeroed out within days of March 31, 2020 ONLY to 
end the quarter June 30, 2020 a mere 5121.438 MILLION difference from the March 31, 2020 ending 
balancemm 
That is absolutely f'n amazing: $2.562,721 BILLION zeroed out from March 30, 2020 THEN a $2.441.283 balance 
at June 30,2020. Well, the SEC does believe in "penny stock trading fairies" too. 
Nope. Not penny stock trading fairies. AND VIRT didn't zero out :FAILED to SETTLE BILLIONS $$ in transactions. 
This massive fraud is due to NEVER closing/covering as is mandated by LAW. SEC, ongoing, massive fraud on the 
public. Classic bucket shell game. A la FCM and Reverse mortgages. 
NOTHING has changed thanks to SEC corruption and obstruction while screwing whistleblowers like me. 
The massive NITE accounting fraud facilitated by the SEC that facilitates the ongoing fraud on the public the SEC 
is mandated to protect. 
CLEARLY, IRREFUTABLY: NITE is and always has been a criminal entity. ILLEGAL NAKED SHORTING drives trading 
profits at NITE. ALWAYS has. Janey, please post Jay Clayton AND Ms Mehraban NITE conflict disclosures. No 
doubt, Dougie large will see this e mail the same way the grossly corrupt SEC has disclosed my information to 
NITE for the last 10 years. NITE is GROSSLY insolvent TODAY August 18,2020. 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
•• 
• 
I 
I • 
Ski 
Janey, Hoecker et al 
SEC criminal obstruction virtually real time. 
EFTA00010896
--- PAGE 79 ---
https://www.sec.gov/news/press-release/2020-178 
SEC.gov I SEC Charges Interactive Brokers With Repeatedly Failing to File 
Suspicious Activity Reports 
The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that Interactive Brokers LLC will pay an $11.5 
million penalty to settle charges it repeatedly failed to file Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs) for U.S. 
microcap securities trades it executed on behalf of its customers. 
www.sec gov 
SECNY: Lara Shalov Mehraban. Ms Mehraban, I've asked this before: Was Dougie "Large" Cifu your boss at Paul 
Weiss? The IBKR "complaint" is getting very close to your former boss/colleague isn't it? 
Questions Ms Mehraban doesn't want the public to see: 
Her former boss/colleague Dougie "Large" Cifu hired Alex loffe as VIRT CFO in 2019. From 2003-2019 loffe was 
CFO at IBKR. INCLUDING the period covered in Ms Mehraban's complaint. 
Not filing SAR's, Microcap securities, AML red flags. No kidding. WHY are the securities un named? WHO was 
ultimate executing BD/MM? 
As self clearing Ms Mehraban, isn't Knight/KCG/VIRT (Cifu): NITE the LARGEST clearing agent of microcap 
securities? How many SAR's coming out of your former boss executing BD/MM? 
Per my TCR: NONE. ZILCH. NADA. How do I know that? 
When would the criminal enterprise NITE which is run by Ms Mehraban's former Paul Weiss boss/colleague Cifu 
file a SAR: 
BEFORE 
or 
AFTER trading billions of shares? 
Did NITE Compliance rely on IBKR/loffe compliance? That would be a violation wouldn't it? 
Ms Mehraban is the poster child of SEC corruption and criminal obstruction while screwing whistleblowers like 
me. Virtually real time in August 2020. Very much an ONGOING and massive fraud on the investing public. 
Ms Mehraban, please pass along my warmest regards to your former Paul Weiss boss/colleague Dougie "Large". 
No doubt you "chat" often. 
The record is overwhelming AND irrefutable. 
Cheers! 
Christopher.' Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Monday August 10, 2020 8:32 AM 
EFTA00010897
--- PAGE 80 ---
Janey, Hoecker et al 
speaking of NO 8K, recall the extensive record for the criminal/insolvent/fraud on the public 
Knight/KCG/VIRT:NITE 
The record Janey: Clayton/Sull Crom/Fishman "sale" of FCM business to other criminal firm Wedbush with NO 
8K 
3Q2014 10O 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1569391/000156939114000013/kcg2014093010-q.htm
KCG then CFO Bisgay resigned with 2 weeks left in the quarter and didn't certify the financials. WHO certified 
along with Coleman? Sean P GALVIN. 
Cifu, Viola, Urban, Hutchins et al getting the fraud band back together 
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/virtu-financial-announces-changes-finance-105100941.html 
WHY would "Cutting edge technology firm" VIRT want to go with a guy who knows how to run the books at low 
as low tech gets OTCM cash trading firm Knight/KCG? The core business at Knight/KCG/VIRT: NITE is and always 
has been: abusive naked shorting OTCM (and other) publicly traded shells to facilitate money laundering 
Here glitchy glitchy 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Friday. August 7. 7070 6:20 AM 
EFTA00010898
--- PAGE 81 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight TCR & Appendix 
The SEC facilitated fraud on the public continues unabated. MORE irrefutable evidence of SEC criminal 
obstruction while screwing whistleblowers like me. 
A direct result of this ongoing massive fraud on the public. 
After NITE reported its 1Q2020 results I again again, again, like the last 10 years, alerted the grossly corrupt SEC 
to the massive accounting fraud at NITE as a direct result of abusive naked shorting. 
Per my 2013 TCR Laney, Hoecker, Jay et al: 
NITE is in a constant state of insolvency as a result of illegal, criminal, abusive naked shorting OTCM money 
laundering shells. This illegal activity drives trading revenue at NITE. This illegal activity is and ALWAYS has been 
the core business at NITE. This very profitable albeit illegal activity is WHY Sull Crom client KCG was bought by 
Virtu. This illegal activity is WHY NITE has been repeatedly bailed out by GS,BX,JEF, JPM and the SEC 
The receivable is where NITE books naked short fails as a result of self clearing. NITE has no intention of closing/ 
can't close these naked short positions. NOT a legit asset. Further, the receivable isn't a legit asset NITE can 
convert to cash for its own use. There are prior commitments on these "assets": SETTLEMENT 
In 1Q2020, the NITE receivable grew to $2.5 BILLION. UP 90% from December 2019 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1592386/000110465920057660/tm2018404d1 ex99-1.htm 
SEC.gov I HOME 
Exhibit 99.1 . Virtu Announces First Quarter 2020 Results . NEW YORK, NY, May 7, 2020 - Virtu Financial, Inc. 
(NASDAQ: VIRT), a leading provider of financial services and products that leverages cutting edge 
technology to deliver innovative, transparent trading solutions to its clients and liquidity to the global 
markets, today reported results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2020. 
www.sec.gov 
Per the SEC reviewed 8k filing this am Aug 7, 2020 NITE reported 2Q2020 earnings. showing the receivable 
roughly flat with 1Q2020 at 2.44 BILLION 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1592386/000110465920091707/tm2026789d1 ex99-1.htm 
These are NOT "assets". More accurately, these are LIABILITIES. Massive accounting fraud. After moving these 
fraud "assets" to the appropriate liability classification, NITE tangible book value is GROSSLY insolvent. The SEC 
has obstructed my allegations for several years while allowing NITE to write down this structural liability on 
EFTA00010899
--- PAGE 82 ---
more than 1 occasion. Further, sell side analists at the guidance of Cifu et al never question these EGREGIOUS 
balance sheet issues. AND, with the grossly corrupt SEC blessing, Cifu et al never disclose insolvency in any SEC 
filing OR investor presentation. 
After dismal April/May REPORTED OTCM volumes on the FINRA now controlled website, June saw a dramatic 
spike in share volumes. 
The Top 25 OTCM money laundering shells by share volume in June 2020 and share price 
PLYZ .00015 
PVDG .0008 
RTON .00015 
GRST .001 
RNVA 
.76 (rev split) 
OZSC .0049 
EWLL .0002 
VSYM .0012 
OPTI .14755 
MOM .0001 
SIML .00025 
IGEN .0084 
XMET .0002 
GTEH .0001 
ABCE .0003 
TSOI .007 
NTRR .0014 
GFTX .0005 
LVXI .0003 
SGMD .0024 
INQD .002765 
RBNW .0005 
TLSS 
.0238 
TPTW .07215 
HYSR .0328 
Combined price approximately $1 
How do stocks trade to trip zeroes? More buyers than sellers? 
Covering/closing out naked short fails shouldn't be an issue. ONLY explanation: abusive naked shorting: 
MANIPULATION. NOT Bona Fide market making. 
As a direct result of this massive, ongoing SEC facilitated fraud on the public, ABSOLUTELY NOTHING HAS 
CHANGED. 
The record is irrefutable: SEC criminal obstruction while screwing whistleblowers like me to facilitae a 
MASSIVE,ongoing fraud on the public. Key facilitator: Jay Clayton/Jared Fishman: Sull Crom 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
EFTA00010900
--- PAGE 83 ---
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Thursday, July 30, 2020 9:31 AM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight TCR & Appendix 
MORE SEC corruption/obstruction/screwing whistleblowers like me. 
Per my 2013 TCR attached Janey, we know that Schwarzman/Blackstone has played a key role in perpetuating 
the criminal entity Knight,KCG,VIRT:NITEthe Sull Crom client. 
We also know Trump and Schwarzy are BFF's. Schwarzy is also connected to Kushner and Epstein. 
Schwarzy is most definitely on the SEC's "Do not investigate List" 
A stroll down the record Janey: Around the same time as the SEC/BX/JEF/GS et al August 1 2012 NITE "trading 
glitch", Schwarzy/BX were key advisers to bondholders of Eastman Kodak and to the company also. Jason New: 
Blackstone was re elected to the KODK BoD in May 2020. 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/31235/000156459020027039/kodk-8k 20200520.htm 
Then the Pumper/Grifter in Chief Trump goes out wide and far with this absolutely incredible news: 
The camera/film company Eastman Kodak is now going to be the US savior in pharma ingredients supply chain. 
This is a page out of the penny stock grifter playbook. This is what happens when we have a WH full of money 
laundering shell grifters. So, what has been the result of this incredible pump/transformation? KODK has gone 
from 2 to 90 back to 40. 
As is typical Trump/grifters/ and his criminal Clayton led SEC: the public hasn't seen a 8K filed by KODK to detail 
this incredible "transformation". The SEC has given its blessing to yet ANOTHER Trump/Grifter/Bag Men P&D. in 
KODK, FBO Trump BFF and Sull Crom client: Knight "savior" Schwarzy/BX. Had the grossly corrupt SEC 
investigated my claims instead of obstructing them and screwing me, MAYBE Schwarzy/BX would have thought 
twice about their latest grift: KODK. We know that Schwarzy is also a prolific GOP donor. 
F'n criminals 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
EFTA00010901
--- PAGE 84 ---
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Thursday, July 30, 2020 6:33 AM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal tor preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight KR & Appendix 
Still MORE IRREFUTABLE evidence of SEC criminal obstruction and corruption while screwing whistleblowers like 
me. Per the record Laney: Trump PA campaign Mgr David Urban on the BoD of #1 money laundering shell trader 
and Clayton/Sull Crom client NITE. Urban also on the BoD of money laundering shell: Pakastani/Canadian pot 
company w/ 200k in revenue FSD Pharma:HUGE. Today HUGE is up more than 100% on "news" it will pivot 
away from growing pot in Canada to "developing" a pot based cure for Covid. A money laundering shell. 
Of course, the grossly corrupt SEC has approved a $20 million public offering for Urban/Trump: HUGE 
SEC facilitated P&D to facilitate money laundering 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1771885/000106299320003258/formsuppl.htm
AGAIN, the SEC is a criminal organization facilitating criminal activity and protecting criminals at the expense of 
the public it is MANDATED to protect while screwing whistleblowers like me. 
The record is extensive. 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
EFTA00010902
--- PAGE 85 ---
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, July 28, 2020 7:48 AM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
STILL MORE OVERWHELMING evidence to support my extremely serious allegations that the SEC is a criminal 
organization, run by criminals, to support cfriminal activity while screwing whistleblowers like me. 
Farkas: Michael: is a prolific Bag Man well known to the SEC. Farkas chose a laclin money laundering shell 
INTENTIONALLY. Blink Charging (BLNK) is ANOTHER SEC facilitated fraud on the public the SEC is MANDATED to 
protect. 
Other Farkas money laundering shell: i Incubator 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?ClK=1044693 
As is SOP for the grossly corrupt SEC: Revoked AFTER this massive fraud on the public was complete 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/admin/2009/34-60013.pdf
ALSO SOP for the corrupt SEC: No mention of Farkas and his controlling i Incubator entities in the complaint 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1044693/000104653200000261/0001046532-00-000261-index.htm 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1044693/000104653200000265/0001046532-00-000265-index.htm 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1044693/000104653200000263/0001046532-00-000263-index.htm 
ALSO missing from the i Incubator complaint: Executing BD/MM of the worthless Farkas certs dumped on the 
public while the grossly corrupt SEC watched. Those damn "penny stock trading fairies" AGAIN! 
NOPE. 
BLNK never should have happened. Farkas, his NETE CFO, Keener, Nordlicht, etc etc should have been shut 
down LONG AGO 
EFTA00010903
--- PAGE 86 ---
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Thursday. July 23 2020 5:59 AM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
The grossly corrupt SEC response to whistleblower OVERWHELMING evidence of money laundering 
,manipulation, and fraud: MY INFORMATION has been remarkably consistent over the last 9 years++: 
Obstruct, cover up, facilitate illegal activity at the expense of the investing public it is sworn to protect while 
screwing whistleblowers like me. 
BLNK: A KNOWN Jaclin money laundering shell. Rev merger with a KNOWN Bag Man: Michael Farkas who was 
the largest shareholder of ANOTHER money laundering shell: SkyWay but somehow escaped the SEC 
investigation. With Board members like Engel: Drexel, Scigliano: Acies: NETE a CFO:New from NETE. A known to 
the SEC Bag Man: Keener who the SEC has kept up and running for YEARS since being BARRED (Not Exactly) by 
Industry SRO FINRA. 
In addition to that name Farkas: ANDREW/Jonathan Farkas. Trump fundraiser and Epstein: Jeffrey: business 
partner, this fraud has an added element. So, after receiving my overwhelming evidence with AML red flags too 
numerous to count, what was the par for the course SEC response: Approved BLNK public offering just several 
days ago AND with my overwhelming evidence in hand. But, that's not where the corrupt SEC active facilitation 
of this massive fraud on the public ends. Yesterday, 7/22, BLNK put out a PR linking it to a few hundred charging 
stations in VA,MD,DC. This pr drove the stock up almost 30% at 1 point and closed 15% higher on almost 8x avg 
volume. A most certainly "MATERIAL" event. AND an event that required an SEC 8k filing if "DEFINITIVE" as well. 
No such 8K was filed by BLNK for this pr. This pr therefore must be complete FRAUD intended ONLY to facilitate 
a massive Pump and Dump on the public. It accomplished its intended fraudulent outcome. 
But, back to BLNK fka New Image Concepts: the company 
Between Blink and New Image Concepts, BLNK was known as Car Charging Inc 
EFTA00010904
--- PAGE 87 ---
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1429764/000114420414059745/v390669 defl4c.htm 
This 2014 SEC approved offering also had several red flags of its own. WHOPPERS in fact. 
Guess who ELSE was involved in this years in the operating money laundering shell? 
Platinum Funds/Nordlicht. With links to Kushner(s) and Trump lawyer Giuliani. Other NY entities, a Columbus 
OH entity, a Chicago entity, and a Belize entity. Still counting the AML red flags? 
The icing on the top of this massive SEC facilitated fraud: ex NM Governor Bill Richardson. 
Who, is also linked to Jeff Epstein and his NM Zorro Ranch. 
BLNK: money laundering fraud on the public ACTIVELY facilitated by the SEC in July 2020 despite overwhelming 
whistleblower (me) information. Linked to Milken,Russia, Trump, and Epstein. Of course the 7/22 trading 
activity NEVER would have happened without willing, executing BD's and MM's like the criminal entity known 
as Knight,KCG,VIRT: NITE. Which has also been kept up and running by the grossly corrupt SEC despite 
overwhelming evidence of a massive, ongoing, criminal conspiracy detailed by a whistleblower: me. 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Wednesday, July 22, 2020 8:44 AM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Greetings grossly corrupt SEC et al 
Still MORE SEC facilitated fraud on the public it is mandated to protect: 
EFTA00010905
--- PAGE 88 ---
BLNK: Farkas/JMJ/Jaclin/CFO New(NETE) money laundering fraud 
today's pr 
https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/07/22/2065815/0/en/Blink-Charging-Awarded-Grant-
from-Virginia-Clean-Cities-to-Place-200-Fast-Level-2-Charging-Stations-Across-the-Mid-Atlantic-Region.html 
Of course, BLNK didn't file an SEC reviewed 8K for this material, definitive agreement that has the stock up 27% 
on 5x normal volume at 10:30 EST 
In fact, the last filing with the SEC by BLNK was actually the SEC declaring effective a public offering of securities 
on 7/15/20. 1 week ago today. 
MORE SEC facilitated fraud on the public. 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Tuesday July 14, 2020 3:31 PM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
EFTA00010906
--- PAGE 89 ---
OH JOHNNY! 
https://www.reuters.com/article/bc-finreg-fbi-laundering-private-equity-idUSKCN24F1TP 
FBI concerned over laundering risks in private 
equity, hedge funds - leaked document -
Reuters 
The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation believes firms in the 
nearly $10-trillion private investment funds industry are being 
used as vehicles for laundering money at scale, according to a 
leaked ... 
www.reuters.com 
Janey, 
Even though you admit not distributing my information within the SEC, I was busy distributing it myself to 
others. 
Carl baby, I'm afraid this means your first "investigation" of my complaints to you wasn't exactly "thorough" as 
I've been saying for years. 
Shall I point out the pages for you? 
Blackstone wanted to buy NITE but only AFTER theirSEC/JEF et al orchestrated August 1 2012 "glitch" 
"luckiest f'ers" on the Street 
https://www.businessinsider.com.au/blackstone-dodged-a-bullet-with-knight-capital-2012-8 
WHEW: Blackstone Almost Bought Knight 
Capital Before Its Stock Collapsed 
One company is breathing a sigh of relief after a trading glitch 
sent shares of Knight Capital Group from more than $10.30 to 
nearly $2.50 last week. 
www.businessinsider.com.au 
From my TCR you admit never distributing Janey 
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-wealth-summit-ubs-blackstone-idUSTRE6A055020101101 
EFTA00010907
--- PAGE 90 ---
UBS brokerage's McCann sees more 
Blackstone ties - Reuters 
UBS , rebuilding a brokerage hard-hit by the financial crisis, lately 
has been mingling in some good company: Blackstone Group LLP. 
www.reuters.com 
The UBS award application I sent to Janey TEN TIMES from a commercial fax machine: 
ALSO MY INFORMATION 
https://www.sec.govienforce/34-84828-s 
SEC.gov I SEC Charges UBS Financial Services Inc. with Anti-Money 
Laundering Violations 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING File No. 3-18931. December 17, 2018 - The Securities and Exchange 
Commission today announced settled charges against broker-dealer UBS Financial Services Inc. for failing 
to report suspicious transactions in customer accounts. U8S agreed to pay a $5 million civil penalty to 
resolve the SEC's charges, and separately agreed to pay $10 million to the U.S. Treasury ... 
w.sec.gov 
y'all are gonna be FAMOUS! 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, July 14, 2020 12:34 PM 
EFTA00010908
--- PAGE 91 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
MORE SEC corruption/obstruction 
ANOTHER Jaclin money laundering shell: 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1449527/000121390008002174/fsl  prcomplete.htm 
YESDtc Holdings fka PR Complete 
hups://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?ClK=1449527 
MORE related entities to my claims: 
Bill Scigliano: Chairman BoD 
Scigliano was also a Director at Oleg Firer's revoked but still very much up and running in MA: Acies Corp. Acies 
was incorporated by His Eminence with a NY address of 14 Wall Street: Rovt: Allied Wallet: WireCard. Jaclin and 
Oleg related entities/people: Money laundering shells. Is the grossly corrupt SEC regretting their Jaclin 
complaint which was a cover up for much larger criminal activity: MY CLAIMS? 
But there's more. 
The SEC also brought "more coverup than complaint" In Frost,Honig,Alpha,Stetson et al. The SEC Knows who 
else was involved in the Jaclin money laundering shell PRComplete/YESDtc: 
Barry Honig/GRQ 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1449527/000152153612000023/0001521536-12-000023-index.htm 
So, Jaclin money laundering Shells and Honig too? 
Gee, maybe Bag Men Honig, Keener, Scigliano etc KNEW these were money laundering shells? 
Who was the executing BD/MM converting all these billions of worthless Jaclin,lronridge,JMJ,Farkas,Honig etc 
etc certs into real money? 
The SEC response: "penny stock trading fairies". NOPE: NITE 
How is it possible that there is NO reference to AML in ANY of these SEC complaints? 
Because the SEC outsourced BD compliance with the BSA to industry advocate FINRA. DUH 
Then, there's the Jaclin money laundering shell New Image/BLNK. Gee, wonder if Farkas of money laundering 
shell Skyway, JMJ/Keener: money laundering shells in my claims, Engel: Drexel, Jonathan New NETE CFO, etc 
knew BLNK was/is a money laundering shell too. 
His Eminence Firer is a prolific Bag Man. I've been telling the SEC that for years. 
Janey, update my NETE and AQR TCR's. You know, for the record. Several entities in my TCR's linked to Jaclin's 
shell factory. Including NITE. 
I've asked this many times Janey,Jay,Hoecker et al: 
EFTA00010909
--- PAGE 92 ---
WHAT EXACTLY DOES THE NITE COMPLIANCE DEPARTMENT DO EXACTLY? 
Other than looking the other way while they naked short publicly traded shells to facilitate money laundering 
that is 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
@bullmeechum3 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Monday July 13 2020 10:50 AM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Janey, Hoecker, Jay et al 
still MORE SEC attempts to cover up illegal activity at the expense of the public it is mandated to protect. 
The SEC latest Rule change proposal 
https://www.sec.gov/news/press-release/2020-152 
EFTA00010910
--- PAGE 93 ---
SEC.gov I SEC Proposes Amendments to Update Form 13F for Institutional 
Investment Managers; Amend Reporting Threshold to Reflect Today's 
Equities Markets 
The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that it has proposed to amend Form 13F to 
update the reporting threshold for institutional investment managers and make other targeted changes. 
VONW.sec goy 
Will exempt 90% of current 13F filers from future equity holdings disclosures. 
WHO does that benefit? Certainly not the public the SEC is mandated to protect. LESS transparency still for the 
likes of Keener,Sason,Asher/Kramer,IBC,Ironridge/Coulston,Alpha,Dutchess,Crede, etc etc etc 
Costs to file: pocket change 
https://www.netacn.com/Service.aspx?id=dLfmwmZHCkOsIL-sP3V8Dw 
Form 13F EDGAR Filing Agent Service :: Advisor Consultant Network 
ACN will compile your 13F Report and act as your Filing Agent in order to submit the report to EDGAR. 
Send us your Holdings List, we compile the Form 13F Report and send you a Proof for your review and 
approval. Upon your approval we will submit the report to EDGAR. You will receive an email notification as 
will ACN that the report has been accepted. 
www.netacn.com 
So, WHY does the SEC want LESS transparency for the investing public it is mandated to protect? 
The SEC is bought and paid for by criminals. 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent Worina el 
I iv R ,n,n q3c AM 
EFTA00010911
--- PAGE 94 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Janey, Hoecker et al, 
Is Trump prolific Bag Man Jonathan Farkas related to Bag Man Michael Farkas: Skyway largest shareholder: 
REVOKED 
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/rambling-reporter/inside-hamptons-fundraisers-netted-trump-12m-
election-1230690 
Inside the Hamptons Fundraisers That Netted 
Trump $12M for Re-election I Hollywood 
Reporter 
The numbers are in and President Donald Trump's quick trip to 
the Hamptons on Friday raked in $12 million for his re-election 
campaign as his Republican allies were quick to declare it a win ... 
www.hollywoodreporter.com 
Now Michael Farkas is CEO of Jaclin money laundering shell New Image Concepts/Blink charging 
How did Farkas (Michael) escape the SkyWay SEC complaint? 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/complaints/2009/comp20960.pdf
Would explain the Milken/Drexel flunkie Engel on the BLNK BoD as well. 
Also explains why the grossly corrupt SEC let Bag Man JMJ/Keener up and running in 2020 and the 
Crede/Milken/Putin etc NETE CFO New now CFO at BLNK 
Some BLNK/Trump/rinsing. With help from "issuer/bag man funded research" Zacks aka Seethroughequities 
2.0. Rusian money? 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent, 
locciav Ink/ 7 7070 6•n9 AM 
EFTA00010912
--- PAGE 95 ---
u•ject: Fw: Forma appea or pre iminary •enia covere• action 2015-016 Knig t Capita TCR : Appen•ix
Janey, 
MORE EXTRAORDINARY SEC corruption and criminal obstruction designed to protect criminals and screw 
whistleblowers like me. Despite my very generous 4 day offer to produce the entire record which is the basis of 
my award application/denial/appeal AND REQUIRED by the statute I have referenced: 
240.21F-12 "Materials that may form the basis of an award determination and that may comprise the record on 
appeal", The several hundred e mails I have sent you, Hoecker et al MUST be part of this record. Janey, you 
failed to produce this record. As I made clear: my 6/23/2020 emails to you Hoecker, SEC commissioners were 
merely re re re sent previously sent e mails: the record. Further, my 6/23/2020 e mail: Formal appeal for 
preliminary denial covered action 2015-016 Knight Capital & Appendix was merely a summary of several 
hundred e mails sent to you, Hoecker et al. These e mails SHOULD be the record. You failed to produce the 
record. Which begs the question: WHAT "record" was used to determine the SEC preliminary denial exactly IF 
the SEC can't produce the record? The preliminary denial was completely fabricated and must be reversed. 
But, it doesn't end there: per my 6/23/2020 summary based on several hundred e mails sent to the SEC, the 
RECORD of EXTRAORDINARY corrupt obstruction designed to protect criminals and screw whistleblowers is not 
confined to Opco,NITE,UBSS,Sason,Keener etc etc etc. I have filed 2 TCR's with the OWB related to the money 
laundering/transaction 
laundering/Putin/Rakishev/Trump/Kushner/Alfa/Crede/Peizer/Milken/Hapoalim/SBNY/CardWorks/ESQ/WireCa 
rd/AQR etc etc etc fraud known as Net Element. For YEARS the SEC has been in possession of not just my TCR's 
but HUNDREDS of e mails supporting my TCR's comprising the extensive record. Here again, the SEC is covering 
up a MASSIVE fraud perpetrated on the public and well within even the grossly corrupt SEC ability to shut down 
the fraud IF they had used my information to execute its mandate to do so. Instead, the SEC obstructed a 
thorough investigation. Per my previous e mails: the record: NETE claimed to be a payment processing entity. 
Claiming further to process BILLIONS of dollars worth of transactions every year. Its subsidiary Pay Online is 
linked to the massive fraud Wire Card. How's the SEC Wire Card investigation coming along? For years, based on 
my extensive financials research and other research, I pleaded and pleaded with the SEC to shut down this 
massive fraud. They did not. email after email. Year after year I wrote the SEC "NETE is a money 
laundering/transaction laundering fraud". Rather than shut it down, the SEC with the help of NASDAQ allowed 
fraud public offerings by Crede/Peizer/Milken related entities: Esousa and Cobblestone and a reverse split so 
NETE could keep its NASDAQ listing. The balance sheet has been grossly insolvent for years: goodwill. 
ALL of my allegations were confirmed when NETE decided to "unlock value in its payment processing" business 
by doing a reverse merger with a CA EV "manufacturer" started by a musician. This fraud transaction is quite 
common in money laundering shell land dominated by NITE/VIRT. The SEC cover up of criminal activity while 
screwing whistleblowers:ME: The "payment processing business" is to be "sold". Related of course was the SEC 
cover up of criminal activity while screwing whistleblowers: ME: The Goldman/Sull Cromm advised purchase by 
ALLY of CardWorks: Merrick Bank: NETE and then the recent unwinding of this fraud transaction. No doubt the 
brain child of Chair Clayton and his Sull Cromm colleague Jared Fishman who has played a key role in keeping 
the criminal entity NITE/VIRT up and running. 
NETE/Mullen: "here glitchy glitchy" cover up. But, who the hell would EVER touch the massive fraud: NETE? 
Only another fraud: Mullen. 
Mullen doesn't "manufacture" ANYTHING. Mullen is simply a car dealership. 
EFTA00010913
--- PAGE 96 ---
The K50 EV is manufactured in China by Ctiantu a subsidiary of CH-Auto. Qiantu/CH have a production facility in 
China. There will be no Mullen "production" of EV vehicles in Washington or anywhere else in the US. 
But, the SEC facilitated fraud doesn't end at protecting criminals and screwing whistleblowers: ME. Per my TCR 
attached, there is a well orchestrated eco system of fraud. Including "issuer/bag man funded research" that 
facilitates P&D. In fact, on 11/8/2018 the SEC brought a complaint against an entity I cited in 1 of my emails to 
the SEC: the record: known as SeeThroughEquity 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/complaints/2018/comp-pr2018-259.pdf
Seethruequity, LLC, Ajay Tandon, and Amit Tandon 
THE DEFENDANTS 6. SeeThruEquity, LLC is a Delaware limited liability company that was co-founded in 
2011 by brothers Ajay Tandon and Amit Tandon. 
www.sec.gov 
SeeThroughEquity was engaged in a Pump and Dump promotion of NETE in April and August 2018 
https://www.netelement com/press-releases/release-content/1062906ThXwRXEOWSnIV 
SeeThruEquity Issues Update on Net Element, Inc. 
NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / April 10, 2018 / SeeThruEquity, a leading 
independent equity research and corporate access firm focused on smallcap 
and microcap public companies, today announced that it has issued an update 
on Net Element, Inc. 0. The note is available here: NETE April 2018 Update 
Note. Net Element, Inc. (NASDAQ: NETE, "Net Element-) is a global financial 
vAvw.netelementcom 
https://www.netelement.com/press-releases/release-content/10734671#.XwRXGuWSnIV 
SeeThruEquity Issues Update on Net Element, Inc. 
NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / August 6, 2018 / SeeThruEquity, a leading 
independent equity research and corporate access firm focused on smallcap 
and microcap public companies, today announced that it has issued an update 
on Net Element, Inc. 0. The note is available here: NETE August 2018 Update 
Note. Net Element Inc. (Nasdaq CM: NETE, "Net Element') is a global financial 
www.netelement.com 
So, the SEC SeeThroughEquity complaint acknowledges the fraud associated with NETE. Well orchestrated. This 
P&D campaign was part of the 2 fraud offerings : Esousa and Cobblestone: I alerted the SEC to. Who PAID for 
the SeeThrough P&D? Crede/Peizer/Esousa/Cobblestone? 
The cherry on top of the SEC corrupt obstruction: NETE was still in business in 2020 to receive taxpayer Cares 
Act money. 
A summary of the record. 
EFTA00010914
--- PAGE 97 ---
Janey, Hoecker et al, 
Please update my Net Element and AQR TCR's 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
Not just irony but a massive fraud on the 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, June 30, 2020 1:01 PM 
ov>; 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Janey, 
the purpose of your 5 years in the waiting PRELIMINARY denial of my OpCo Award application could not be any 
more clear: run the clock out and protect NITE,UBSS,Magna et al while denying me rightful compensation. But, 
As I have repeatedly told you, Hoecker, your colleagues: the last overt act of this vast conspiracy has not yet 
occurred: 
NITE/VIRT is insolvent today 6/30/2020 as a direct result of the SEC facilitated fraud on the public which is and 
always has been the core business at NITE/VIRT: Abusive naked shorting publicly traded shells to facilitate 
money laundering. The public is STILL at risk. The SEC has facilitated NITE intentionally misleading the public as 
to the true nature of its business. The SEC still facilitates this massive fraud on the public while it intentionally 
misleads the public there is no naked shorting because the SEC authorized the DTCC to create the illegal, 
shadow clear mechanism Obligation Warehouse (OW) so NITE's criminal activity can continue and it can 
circumvent close out REQUIREMENTS of Rule 204 of Reg SHO. ALL very much ongoing in June 2020 as a direct 
result of the SEC (OWB/Hoecker/Enforcement etc etc) criminal obstruction and ACTIVE facilitation of the 
criminal enterprise known as Knight/KCG/VIRT: NITE. 
Clayton never disclosed his Sull Crom/Fishman/NITE conflicts. He must step down from the SEC IMMEDIATELY 
until a criminal investigation can be concluded. NITE must be halted IMMEDIATELY as it still poses a 
monumental risk to the investing public. FINRA should go back to being a cheerleader as it is just another 
enabler of this criminal activity. It has NO business enforcing SECURITIES LAWS. It should not be overseeing the 
OTCM. FINRA fines are a joke and not meant to be a deterrent. INTENTIONALLY siding with criminals over the 
investing public the SEC is mandated to protect. The cesspool known as the OTCM MUST be shut down. It exists 
EFTA00010915
--- PAGE 98 ---
SOLEY for the purpose of facilitating a massive fraud on the public. The OW must be shut down IMMEDIATELY 
so the public can see just how pervasive naked short selling: MANIPULATION really is. EVERYONE at the SEC 
who has had contact with my information MUST resign/be terminated IMMEDIATELY. ALL of the AQR blank 
check shells must be shut down IMMEDIATELY as they pose a serious national security risk. AQR MUST be shut 
down IMMEDIATELY. 
Certainly not exhaustive BUT a good start 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, June 30, 2020 7:36 AM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Janey, 
please add the following info to my appeal of your preliminary denial of my Opco award. 
More evidence the SEC is using/has used my information to both bring complaints and protect/obstruct 
complaints. Again, you, McKessy, Hoecker have been in possession of my 2013 TCR filed with Berger for several 
years. In addition to hundreds of e mails continuing into 2020 showing irrefutable and overwhelming evidence 
to support my allegations. 
Highlighted in my attached TCR and related to my Opco Award application: Joshie Sason/Hanover/Magna: 
CGFIA, IMDS,NewLead,FreeSeas, PRTH etc etc etc. The SEC Sason/NewLead complaint is also my information as 
I filed separate but related NewLead, and FreeSeas TCR's with your office. The SEC complaint: Sason 
assignments: bogus notes. NO SHIT? Really? detailed by me. In addition to Bag Man Sason/Hanover/Magna, I 
detailed the illegal activity of Bag Man Justin Keener/JMJ in my 2013 TCR. Keener was the customer in the 
FINRA World Trade Financial complaint. 
https://www.finra.org/media-center/news-releases/2013/finra-fines-three-firms-900000-inadequate-anti-
money-laundering
EFTA00010916
--- PAGE 99 ---
FINRA Fines Three Firms $900,000 for Inadequate Anti-Money Laundering 
Programs I FINRA.org 
WASHINGTON - The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) announced today that it has fined 
three firms a total of $900,000 for failing to establish and implement adequate anti-money laundering 
(AML) programs and other supervisory systems to detect suspicious transactions. 
www.finra.org 
Related to the billions of OTCM money laundering shells traded through World Trade, the BD SRO FINRA 
requested information from Keener related to his assignments and acquisition of bogus convertible notes 
including bank statements to prove the notes weren't bogus. Keener told FINRA to 'F Off" 
https://www.finra.org/sites/default/files/OHODecision/p182993 0 0.pdf 
FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY OFFICE OF HEARING 
OFFICERS 
distributions of securities in violation of Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933. Tr. 158, 179-180.6 On 
September 22, 2011, FINRA staff served a request on Keener, pursuant to FINRA 
www.finra.org 
FINRA barred Keener/JMJ in 2013 as a "Bad Actor" 
The SEC was certainly aware of the FINRA action 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/opinions/2012/34-68014.pdf
As recently as 2019 Bag Man Keener/JMJ was involved in ANOTHER money laundering shell called Blink 
Charging fka New Image Concepts 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001429764&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1429764/000114420419004046/0001144204-19-004046-index.htm 
EDGAR Filing Documents for 0001144204-19-004046 
Blink Charging Co. (Subject) CIK: 0001429764 (see all company filings) IRS No.: 030608147 I State of 
Incorp.:NV I Fiscal Year End: 1231 Type: SC 13G/A I Act: 34 ... 
www.sec.gov 
New Image Concepts was detailed by the SEC in their Jaclin et al "Shell factory" complaint in 2016. PRIOR to 
Keener involvement. 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/complaints/2016/comp-pr2016-86.pdf
EFTA00010917
--- PAGE 100 ---
Case No. 2:16-cv-03250 
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Case 2:16-cv-03250 Document 
Filed 05/12/16 Page 1 of 45 Page ID #:1 AMY JANE LONGO, Cal ... 
But Keener not the only 1 involved who knew New Concept was a money laundering shell. 
CEO of Blink is Michael Farkas. SEC knows him well from his Skyway Communications days. 
The SEC revoked the registration of Farkas/Skyway in 2007 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edga r? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001128723&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
The CFO of Blink is Jonathan New. Formerly CFO of the AQR/Crede: Milken money laundering/Transaction 
laundering blank check shell: Cazador/Arco: Net Element 
A director of Blink is a guy named Donald Engel who worked at Drexel with Milken. 
New Concepts was HQ'd in Santa Monica: Milken 
But it gets better 
the Jaclin shell factory also linked to Honig,Stetson,Alpha Cap, Frost as well 
http://www.teribuhl.com/2019/08/06/honigs-shell-factory-attorney-gregg-jaclin-barred-as-sec-lawyer/ 
;2, 
Honig's Shell Factory Attorney Gregg Jaclin 
Barred as SEC lawyer - TERI BUHL 
Your Voice. High Times Admits SEC Filing is Wrong: Stormy Simon 
off the Board - L.A. Cannabis News on Text messages show 
Cannabis investors Defrancesco & Serruya allegedly Colluded 
with Clarus Securities' Christodoulis in Multiple Stocks; High 
Times Admits SEC Filing is Wrong: Stormy Simon off the Board - 
www.teribuhl.com 
Where the SEC said multi billionaire Frost risked ALL to make a few million. NO, Frost,Alpha (also in my attached 
TCR), Stetson, Honig were LAUNDERING. Frost bought Ladenburg from Milken flunkie Icahn AFTER Icahn rolled 
Gruntal int Ladenburg. Gruntal: Icahn,Sater,SAC,Feinberg et al: Milken 
The SEC intentionally omitted a Honig/Stetson shell from this complaint: 
Millenium Bio/lnergetics 
linked to Trump Cleveland fundraiser and healthcare fraud felon: Brian Colleran 
In typical SEC "cover up", revoked the Millenium/Inergetics registration in 2019. 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0000072170&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0 
Finally, 
SEVEN F'n Years AFTER FINRA barred (not exactly) Keener/JMJ and my Berger TCR filed with your office Laney, 
The SEC is going after Keener/JMJ related to my information AGAIN 
17.5 BILLION shares of money laundering penny stocks. 
EFTA00010918
--- PAGE 101 ---
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/litreleases/2020/Ir24779.htm 
Justin W. Keener d/b/a JMJ Financial (Release No. LR-24779; Mar. 24, 2020) 
SEC Charges Unregistered Penny Stock Dealer Litigation Release No. 24779 / March 24, 2020 Securities and 
Exchange Commission v. Justin W. Keener d/b/a JMJ Financial, No. 20-cv-21254 (S.D. Fla. March 24, 2020) 
www.sec.gov 
WHO was/were executing BD's/MM's in these billions of shares of worthless Keener/JMJ money laundering 
shells???? 
What are odds that bogus note/worthless certs/assignments Sason/Magna would be involved with bogus 
notes/worthless certs/assignments Keener/JMJ in money laundering shells like IMDS and CGFIA etc) AND 
CGFIA was detailed by me to the SEC/FINRA AND CGFIA was 1 of the shells in the FINRA Opco AML complaint 
AND where NITE and UBSS traded billions of shares of CGFIA 
AND where NITE and UBSS traded billions of shares of IMDS also 
Now, what are the odds of all of that? 
All you have to do is read my attached TCR Laney. 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2020 4:11 PM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
small typos/corrections: 
Mirror trade activity peaked in 1H2014 not 2H2014 and this coincides with OTCM astronomical share volume 
data in 1Q2014 and 2Q2014 that were expunged from KCG 10Q SEC filings. Not 2Q2014 and 3Q2014 SEC 
reviewed 10Q's as I previously stated 
corrected below 
Chris 
From: Chris Dilorio cchris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2020 9:48 AM 
EFTA00010919
--- PAGE 102 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Ms Norberg, 
I am in receipt of the SEC OWB correspondence allowing me more time to respond to the preliminary denial of 
my award application for the Oppenheimer 2015 covered action. This e mail was the last 1 I sent to your office 
related to my appeal. It will serve as the basis of my appeal. Including the attachments of my 2013 TCR 
submitted with Berger Montague to the SEC. I will also forward correspondence from 2012 and following 
detailing my extensive correspondence with Robin Traxler at FINRA as well as Sean McKessy in the OWB. Even 
though, I have previously forwarded your office as well as the SEC IG office the exact same corroborating 
evidence. My response to you will be lengthy and detailed. However, given that it took your office FIVE YEARS to 
send me a preliminary denial notice, that is understandable and in fact a result of YOUR lengthy delay in 
notifying me. ALL of my response pertains to the denial appeal at hand. 
In 2011, I filed my first Whistleblower complaint with the SEC. Detailing a massive fraud on the public directly 
implicating dozens of entities. The center of my claims: Knight/KCG/VIRT: collectively NITE and the Swiss 
banking giant UBS:UBSS. By far, NITE was and still is today the largest MM/executing BD in the OTCM space. I 
was shocked to find the Swiss banking Giant UBSS was trading many of the same stocks as NITE and to the 
extent they were. This came on the heels of the FINRA UBSS Reg SHO complaint where the extent of the UBSS 
activity "threatened to undermine the integrity of our markets" while the SEC analysis of this activity was simply 
a case of "sloppy record keeping". My experience as an Institutional Sales trader: executing multi million share 
equity trades for the largest institutions in the world like Fidelity and Putnam. In addition, as a Research Sales 
person: analyzing financial statements and making investment recommendations formed the basis of my 
expertise. In fact, the SEC OWB has paid out awards for information just like mine. In August of 2011, I informed 
the SEC that NITE was insolvent having reported just $105 mil in working capital at June 30, 2011. AND, for the 
resaons cited in my TCR detailing massive accounting fraud as a direct result of illegal naked shorting/self 
clearing/reverse splits/cusip changes etc. The SEC had a choice: investigate these extremely serious allegations 
and shut down this massive fraud on the public OR cover up their failure and allow this massive fraud on the 
public to continue. Unfortunately for the American public the SEC is mandated to protect, the SEC chose the 
latter. As a direct result, ALL of the activity detailed by me in this TCR and other TCR's filed with the SEC as well 
as 9 years of additional correspondence with the SEC, this is very much an ongoing, massive scheme. One that 
the SEC actively facilitates. Countless losses have been incurred as a result. NITE as I detailed is in a constant 
state of insolvency. The SEC has time and again intentionally misled the investing public that there is no abusive 
naked shorting. NITE is still in business TODAY. 
The core business at NITE is and always has been: abusive naked shorting OTCM shells to facilitate money 
laundering. Not DMM, FCM, reverse mortgages, or even HFT. This illegal business is EXTREMELY profitable and 
EFTA00010920
--- PAGE 103 ---
virtually riskless. AND, both the SEC and FINRA know this. In 2016, FINRA brought a Rule 204 complaint against 
NITE. The fine was pathetic and not meant to be a deterrent. This is WHY the OTCM exists. But it's not JUST 
OTCM as my AQR TCR filed with the SEC clearly proves: NASDAQ Blank check shells as well. I have also filed 
separate TCR's related to NewLead and FreeSeas: 2 massive money laundering shells which began on 
NASDAQ,de listed to the OTCM. NONE of the activity detailed in the Opco/Gibraltar complaint takes place 
without a willing executing BD/MM who ultimately turns worthless certs into real money. That #1 trader is 
NITE. As you read in my Knight TCR CGFIA is at the heart and, because it was based in Colorado, became a 
template of sorts for my extensive research. See Ms Norberg, unlike the SEC "investigators" on the 
Opco/Gibraltar complaint, I've actually seen first hand the CGFIA "world HQ" as well as the rented Littleton 
home of CGFIA CEO Guyer. I've done extensive research on Properties claimed to be owned and M&A 
transactions done for the sole purpose of cert printing and distribution (Aurelio AMNP) where the ultimate 
acquisition amounted to a distributor of Ukrainian folk music. I've also done extensive research on domestic 
and foreign financial institutions claiming to "invest" in these scam companies like Josh Sason/Hanover/Magna 
also cited in my 2013 Berger/Knight TCR linked. So, as I detailed to Ms Traxler, I followed Guyer to Neuchatel 
Switzerland and his previous endeavor: Antelope Technologies also with an office in Highlands Ranch CO. 
Where I discovered a connection to Swiss/German individuals/entities that were also related to another OTCM 
shell in the OpCo/Gibraltar complaint as well as my Knight TCR: AppTech. Offices in the Woodlands TX and Boca 
Raton. AND very much up and running today. SHOCKING. The SEC OpCo/Gibraltar complaint is based on the 
FINRA complaint. That is absolutely irrefutable. As the Gibraltar complaint alleges just 1 OTCM shell and just a 
million shares while Commissioners Stein and Aguilar referenced BILLIONS of shares in their OpCo waiver 
dissent. Who executed those BILLIONS of shares? Was OpCo even a MM? If I ask a question it's typically a 
rhetorical: I know the answer. The SEC knows the answer also. The SEC OpCo complaint does not mention the 
executing BD/MM. The SEC complaint doesn't mention Sason/Hanover/Magna either. The SEC complaint makes 
no mention of illegal naked shorting which is clearly evident in the CGFIA 10Q referenced below. THIS IS MY 
INFORMATION. So, why aren't NITE, Hanover/Magna and UBSS implicated in the SEC OpCo/Gibraltar complaint? 
What my TCR clearly and irrefutably proves: NITE was engaged in illegal activity both BEFORE and AFTER the 
SEC et al orchestrated August 1 2012 "trading glitch". So, the SEC bailed out a KNOWN criminal entity. 
Unfortunately for the investing public, the SEC has doubled downed on facilitating this illegal activity into 2020. 
The "glitch". Knight was insolvent in August 2011. I told the SEC this. The "glitch" proved my allegations. Key 
point in my TCR: NITE inadvertently sent 4000 worthless securities to JPM to secure an emergency bridge 
financing as collateral. These were open, naked short fails that could not be covered/closed due to a cusip 
change (SEC/FINRA approved rev split) booked as an "asset"(receivable) due to self clearing: MASSIVE 
accounting fraud. Ironically, the "glitch" proved my allegations: despite claiming to have a "highly liquid balance 
sheet" NITE had to raise the entire amount of the "glitch". AND the ultimate "financing" was not collateral 
based. Rather a 50% discounted convert when the stock had already been crushed to $3 OR $1.50. ALL of the 
financing participants knew the NITE balance sheet was complete fraud. NITE also committed securities fraud in 
pledging those 4000 worthless securities as collateral to JPM: SCOTUS Rubin: pledging collateral to secure 
financing is an offer to sell. JPM looked the other way. As did the SEC. 
Further, I submitted my amended TCR with Berger in March 2013, In August of 2013, FINRA brought a penny 
stock AML complaint against OpCo. Sale of unregistered penny stocks. WHO ultimately executed the trades? 
2008-2010. In July 2013, the "glitch" financing Gen Atlantic/Getco reverse merger with Knight to form KCG 
closed. The new CEO of KCG was Dan Coleman who ran Equities at UBSS during their Reg Sho and cross border 
activity. For UBSS, the DOJ (Acosta Downing et al) dropped their DPA in 2010. My claims: the FINRA 
OpCo/Gibraltar complaint clearly implicates UBSS criminal activity AFTER the DoJ dropped its UBSS x border 
DPA. This is what the SEC is protecting in the OpCo/Gibraltar complaint: NITE/UBSS/Hanover/Magna illegal 
activity. 
Also in my Knight/Berger 2013 TCR: IMDS. A multi year money laundering shell kept up and running by the SEC. 
Also NITE,UBSS, and Hanover Magna. In addition to other entities like JMJ, Southridge, and Alpha Capital 
Anstalt. Alpha Capital Anstalt is very much in business today as a result of SEC obstruction while the SEC 
EFTA00010921
--- PAGE 104 ---
recently brought a complaint against JMJ for activity like that in IMDS even AFTER he was barred by FINRA. In 
IMDS, the SEC allowed 2 barred individuals (CEO/CFO) to do an offering that created 37 BILLION shares of IMDS 
at .0001 with Chinese Nationals before revoking the IMDS registration. What do you do with 37 billion shares of 
IMDS at .0001 when there are no bids below that? NOTHING. The stock never traded. The SEC orchestrated a 
NITE/UBSS/Hanover/Magna/JMJ/Alpha etc MASSIVE naked shorting to facilitate money laundering scheme 
bailout so that the MASSIVE naked short position didn't need to be covered in the open market as is mandated 
by Rule 204. Thus insuring profits and not MASSIVE losses for NITE and UBSS. 
I also filed separate TCR's for NewLead and FreeSeas. 2 "Greek shipping" money laundering shells started on 
NASDAQ and delisted to OTCM. NITE top trader in BOTH. Hanover/Magna in both. I contacted the KY Div of 
Mines and notified the SEC that these "transactions" were complete fraud. The SEC Feb 2019 complaint against 
Hanover/Magna is my information: Bogus obligations, assigned, converted to worthless certs. Then dumped on 
the public and converted to REAL money by the executing BD/MM:NITE. Who generates illegal trading profits 
by abusive naked shorting. Very symbiotic relationship. 1 of the Hanover/Magna entities was Gibraltar/Hanover. 
Somehow omitted from the SEC OpCo/Gibraltar complaint. In NewLead, then SEC White and Ceresney firm 
Debevoise did a "fairness opinion" of a Russian Nickel wire transaction where the NewLead CEO had back dated 
documents. That has been expunged from SEC reviewed filings. FreeSeas: a structured tax evasion/money 
laundering shell. Also involved Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank. Both Debevoise clients. Both involved in the 
tens of billions Russian Mirror trade scheme. In addition to Hanover/Magna a Milken related entity Crede: Run 
by Milken/Drexel/Obstruction of justice/Parking: Terren Peizer and his felon partner Michael Wachs. This led me 
to Net Element NETE. Peizer again. This time with more AML red flags than be counted. Well known to the SEC 
through TWO of my separate TCR's. CEO is Oleg Firer. Firer former money laundering shell Acies shut down by 
the SEC while NETE was left up and running. Acies very much up and running also in MA. In NETE: NASDAQ. 
AQR Blank check shell. SEC allowed 2 offerings so that NETE could keep its NASDAQ listing. 1 was with entity 
Esousa: felon Wachs ex wife. 2nd was with Cobblestone: felon Wachs sister. I told the SEC. They still approved 
the offerings. I discovered AQR money laundering blank check shell activity doing research on NITE and 
Hanover/Magna. A top traded NITE OTCM shell was Cereplast. Another AQR blank check shell. 
Hanover/Magna/NITE/ and Alpha Capital Anstalt. Alpha is Liechtenstein based and controlled by Martin Schlaff: 
Austria/Israel. AlsolMDS (w/Schlaff controlled Balmore) and the Frost/Honing/Stetson et al complaint. Schlaff 
also LH Financial/Wolfson/Sulphco and Bawag: Sedona/Scan Graphics: Refco: Naked shorting. NITE is Refco on 
steroids. Cereplast ended in bankruptcy. 
NETE claims to be a "payment processor". BILLIONS in transactions processed. Never break even let alone 
profitable. Balance sheet complete fraud. AML red Flags: Firer is Grenada Amb to Russia living in Miami, 
Apockinas/Grinshpun/Antonov/Rakishev/Trump/Kushner/SBNY/CardWorks/Merrick Bank/ESQ/Cohen etc etc 
etc money laundering/transaction laundering BILLIONS shell. Kept up and running for years since filing my 
NETE/AQR SEC TCR's. ALL of my allegations proved accurate in 2020 when NETE received Cares Act taxpayer 
money then announcing it was "unlocking the value in its misunderstood payment processing business" by 
doing a reverse merger with a CA electric car company started by a former musician. The payment processing 
business to be "sold" and the new company (Mullen) will own 80-90%. All made possible by SEC obstruction 
and ACTIVELY facilitating illegal activity. Another AQR blank check shell is Astra/Phunware. More Greek shippers 
related to massive swindler Economou originally intended to do an "energy logistics company" acquisition and 
somehow settled on "mobile app developer" Austin DC Phunware. PHUN CEO is well known to the SEC with 
shells going back 15 years. I alerted the DoJ and SEC that PHUN was a money laundering shell. In addition to the 
"genius quant" AQR, AIPAC: Gerber/Hudson Bay, Nordlicht: Ari Glass/Boothbay, 1MDB: Khazanah Nasional, 
Global Crown/Rani Jarkas/EFG/BSI/Optima/Max Fang. AG Barr 1MDB waivers: Kirkland also AQR. Broidy: 
Trump: 1MDB money laundering. PHUN also received Cares Act money. AND PHUN is Trump/Kushner/Parscale 
campaign mobile App. PHUN should have also been shut down long ago. AQR too. OTHER AQR blank check 
shells: CIS/Delta/Urban Tea, Ability/Cambridge, Hunter Maritime, and MI Acquisition/Priority Tech Holdings. 
Ability/Cambridge: Israeli cellular intercept/surveillance. Israel sent employees to jail. In the US it was 
"securities fraud". The SEC Ability/Cambridge complaint was handled by Ansu Banerjee in the SECLA office. 
EFTA00010922
--- PAGE 105 ---
Milken/Mogilevich/BoNY money laundering entity Sinex: Debasish Banerjee. WHY did SECLA have jurisdiction 
over ABILF/Cambridge? Result: ABILF is very much up and running today. I believe this is the 
PHUN/Trump/Kushner/Parscale mobile app technology. 
Hunter Maritime:HUNTF: Never consummated an acquisition. Just cert printing/dumping. Also involved: Milken 
family office: Silver Rock. MI/Priority:PRTH. CEO Tom Priore: well known fraudster to the SEC. Also 
transaction/money laundering like NETE. Also involved: Hanover/Magna. 
ALL AQR money laundering shells up and running today thanks to the SEC. Only recently did the SEC revoke 
CGFIA and NewLead. well after going dark and the massive fraud on the public had already been perpetrated. In 
NewLead, FreeSeas, etc etc etc a common tool used is reverse splits to perpetuate and facilitate illegal activity. 
SEC/FINRA approved. The result is the massive accounting fraud at NITE. WHEN not IF there is an open naked 
short fail when a rev split takes place, a new CUSIP/security is issued. Trades in the old cusip/security cease. 
This creates a structural liability. The fail/short can NOT be closed. Like covering a short in AAPL with MSFT. 
Because NITE is self clearing it books a prop naked short as a receivable. An asset. But, because NITE won't or 
CAN'T deliver, massive accounting fraud. Literally a liability booked as an asset. This is how "glitches" are born. 
But the SEC facilitated fraud doesn't end there. The definition of a failed trade: 1 that hasn't settled. The 
SEC/DTCC issue new securities where trades in the old haven't settled yet AND not authorized by the issuer. 
Settlement: buyer brings cash/seller brings securities. The DTCC simply makes journal entries. But there are still 
"IOU's" in the system. The SEC authorized the DTCC to create a shadow clear,non guaranteed, ILLEGAL (clearly 
contrary to 34' Act "prompt and accurate settlement) Obligation Warehouse so criminals like NITE et al can 
circumvent close out REQUIREMENS of Rule 204. The OW is just what it sounds like. Per my Knight TCR, DTCC 
suspends services (Chill/Lock) and trades are deemed "ex clearing". In a FOIA request made with POGO,Berger 
and I asked the SEC fails data on dozens of NITE/UBSS top traded stocks like CGFIA,APCX and IMDS. The SEC 
response: see our website. The SEC fails data is for DTCC cleared trades only. The SEC knows exactly the level of 
fails sitting in the OW. They don't disclose. Intentionally misleading the public there is no naked shorting. In 
1Q2020, the receivable at NITE/VIRT increased $1.2 BILLION sequentially. Up almost 90%. AND the tangible 
book value is grossly insolvent. When it comes down to it, there really isn't ANYTHING in the receivable that 
NITE can convert into cash for its own use. There are prior commitments on those "assets": SETTLEMENT of 
transactions. Because the SEC has never shut down this activity, NITE is in a constant state of insolvency. 
Other examples of SEC attempts to cover up NITE illegal activity so that it can continue include: 
Cerberus/Feinberg/VIRT bidding on NITE post "glitch". Wasn't their turn. First, Gen Atlantic needed to monetize 
its GETCO "investment". The HFT business at GETCO was in a death spiral when the rev merger took place. So 
what was the attraction to NITE? The business that had absolutely ZERO overlap/synergies: OTCM. As low tech 
as it gets. Literally a trader sitting in a chair. As I have asked the SEC on hundreds of occasions over the years: 
what would happen to NITE trading profits if their OTCM share volumes went to ZERO? Cerberus is Feinberg: 
Gruntal/Milken. Also bailed out Bawag:Refco, HSH, and Deutsche Bank ($50 bil Bad Bank to Goldman). Another 
Milken/NITE connection is Rich Handler: Jefferies. Also a Milken/Drexel protege. Milken was Gruntal: 
Feinberg,SAC,Icahn, Sater etc. Gruntal was "sold" to Ladenburg. Controlled by 
Vector/NewValley:Icahn/Lorber/Elliman etc. And, was sold to multi billionaire Frost. Who, according to the SEC 
risked it all trying to "make" a few million when he, Honig, Stetson, Alpha et al were really LAUNDERING. Milken 
also Whiterock ,D H Blair (Morty Davis) and AR Baron (Bressman/D H Blair) which was the precursor to Bear 
Stearns collapse . So, Milken and his merry crew of flunkies are really at the nexus of JUNK. They own Trump 
and his White House (Trump casino junk) and they own the SEC. It was Milken, Leon Black, Handler, Moelis, 
Virtue: Drexel that caused the S&L taxpayer bailout stuffing them with junk like Trump's. It is no coincidence 
that these same flunkies are also the largest CLO originators/managers. CLO's: Junk on steroids. AGAIN Bailed 
out by taxpayers in Cares Act HY. There also connections to Epstein. Treasury Sec Mnuchin and Black: 
HY/Junk/S&L's and Epstein. Black: Money laundering shell ESWW kept up and running by the SEC was/is an 
Epstein money laundering vehicle: JUNK IS JUNK. 
THIS EXPLAINS the Handler/Jefferies/Milken repeated bailouts of NITE. It also explains the SEC criminal 
obstruction. 
EFTA00010923
--- PAGE 106 ---
SEC Chair Clayton is also directly linked to this criminal obstruction. His firm Sullivan Cromwell and Jared 
Fishman are ACTIVELY facilitating this massive fraud on the public. Clayton did not disclose these conflicts in his 
disclosures. Sull Crom/Fishman have advised Knight/KCG/VIRT and several transactions designed to facilitate 
this ongoing and ongoing fraud on the public. Many of the same players involved in the "glitch" were involved in 
the VIRT acquisition of KCG in July 2017. In addition to Sull Crom/Fishman and Handler/Jefferies: JPM and 
Goldman. The SEC facilitated fraud in the NITE/VIRT transaction is egregious illegal activity. The transaction 
NEVER should have happened. KCG was an SEC reporting company until the deal closed on July 31 2017. 
Despite this FACT, VIRT CEO Cifo refused to "publish" KCG 2O2017 financials. I estimate 
Cifu/Coleman/Handler/GS/JPM wrote down more than $4 billion in open naked short fails: "leverage". The SEC 
let him. Meaning: "assets" used to determine the take out/ tangible book of KCG was complete fraud. VIRT 
grossly OVER paid for insolvent KCG. 
Prior to the NITE/VIRT transaction closing in July 2017, NITE would report its trading stats monthly. Including 
OTCM share volumes. Cifu stopped this post merger. The SEC let him. In fact, you will find NO reference to 
NITE/VIRT OTCM share volumes in any SEC reviewed filing, sell side research or investor presentation. A well 
orchestrated fraud on the public. Omissions to Intentionally mislead the public as to the true representation of 
the NITE/VIRT business model. These share volumes are also at the center of my 2013 Berger TCR. There are no 
affirmative disclosures in any SEC filings to this day as to the AML risks posed in trading these OTCM and other 
shells. In a 2014 letter to the SEC, I detailed the first 2 months of NITE OTCM share volumes. When the 1O2014 
10O was filed, these volumes were confirmed: An ASTRONOMICAL increase sequentially as well as year over 
year. These share volumes/my letter/TCR SHOULD have triggered an immediate SEC investigation. It did not. 
This portion of the KCG 1O2014 10O was expunged as well as 2O2014 OTCM share volumes. I have detailed this 
to the SEC/OWB/Enforcement/IG. In the months leading up to the NITE/VIRT closing in July 2017, KCG put out 
monthly trade stat pr's showing KCG trading more volume than the overall market. Also indicative of naked 
shorting. Those pr's were also expunged. I also including electronic forms to the SEC OWB/Enforcement/IG. 
The SEC has essentially outsourced the ENTIRE OTCM market to the Broker Dealer SRO FINRA. Including: 
management of the OTCM share volume website fka OtcBB.com. Today, there is very little transparency into 
trading activity by MM as a result. Also: ISSUER corporate actions: rev splits, Short interest reporting: an 
absolute farce given there is still no CAT. AND BD compliance with the BSA. Per my TCR: WHY did NITE and UBSS 
trade Billions of shares of CGFIA and IMDS AFTER a Chill or Lock was placed (ex clear/OW)? CLEAR AML red 
flags. Because they had an open naked short position. Why not pull a market? Because they had an open naked 
short position. SAR's? WHEN? BEFORE OR AFTER THEY TRADED BILLIONS OF SHARES? There were no SAR's 
either. NITE can not outsource its compliance responsibilities to 3rd parties (like OpCo) when executing trades 
as MM. In 2015 at a SIFMA conference, Ceresney was "shocked" by the number of BD's under his supervision 
filing 1 or ZERO SAR's. NITE SHOULD have been investigated for egregious BSA violations long ago based on my 
TCR. Knight/KCG/VIRT:NITE is and always has been a criminal enterprise. Spitzer Russian/US mob bust: 
"worthless paper". Ashton Tech became VIE became Optimark became Knight/Trimark NITE literally "made by 
the mob". The SEC has known this for years. ALL of the "worthless paper" shells were SEC reporting companies. 
Today, Trump PA Campaign Mgr David Urban sits on the NITE BoD. AND is also on the BoD of his very own 
money laundering shell: Canadian/Pakastani/pot/COVID: FSD Parma: HUGE. Trump advisers/campaign staff 
Bannon and Parscale also involved in OTCM money laundering shells.Parscale Cloudcommerce fka Roaming 
Messenger also receiving taxpayer Cares Act money. 
Madoff: more money laundering than Ponzi. HOW THE HELL did the SEC let that scam go on for as long as it 
did? Criminal obstruction. The former SEC IG Kotz actually investigated his "bosses" at the SEC unlike current IG 
Hoecker. Years of SEC obstruction. Bullshit "investigations" into "running ahead" meant to distract. Similar to 
the SEC "glitch" "market access complaint" where former SEC "glitch" Enforcement Dir Khuzami/Kirkland(Barr) 
also rep'd NITE. Can't make this up. The center of IG Kotz scathing failure of the SEC in Madoff: SEC NY and Mr 
John McCarthy who ended up being Knight/KCG Chief Counsel. As I said: can't make this up. And, as we know 
Madoff started his career in NASDAQ penny stocks exactly like the l's in the Spitzer/Mob complaint. 
EFTA00010924
--- PAGE 107 ---
OTCM: This is WHY the OTCM exists: abusive naked shorting publicly traded shells to facilitate money 
laundering. CEO Cromwell Coulson CHAIRED the FINRA market Regulation Cmte. Say it with me: Can't make this 
shit up: CMTSU. A founding OTCM Board member is former NITE trader Andrew Wimpfheimer:CMTSU. This is a 
very well orchestrated and ongoing fraud on the public. Russian mirror trades: no SEC OR DOJ investigation 
HOW? According to stories: activity peaked in 1H2014. Coinciding with NITE astronomical OTCM 1O2014 share 
volume increase. In additional to money laundering penny stock shells, the OTCM is also home to many ADR's. 
Including Russian ADR's cited in the NYDFS/DBTCA/mirror trade complaint. Little/no disclosures. Also in my TCR: 
P&D is just a tool used to facilitate the fraud and NOT a stand alone fraud. The SEC intentionally stops short of 
thorough investigations into much bigger frauds. The same way it has the public believe the "penny stock 
trading fairies" convert worthless certs to real money. NO! willing executing BD's and MM's like NITE do that. 
Less than a year after filing my Knight TCR with Berger, FINRA (not the SEC) brought the BBH AML complaint. 
This was my information. Swiss banks, foreign/domestic institutions, executing BD's/MM's/ penny stock shells: 
$850 mil in proceeds. Did BBH implicate NITE and other entities in my claims? WHY are all of the entities in the 
complaint UN NAMED? In the interest of transparency for the investing public? In 2019, I also filed an award 
application for the UBS x border/AML complaint. This is BLATANTLY my information. SEC/FINRA/ AND the SEC. I 
filed an IRS TCR based on my SEC TCR attached. In April 2016, 2 IRS CI Agents: VIKAS Arora and Nathan Sarnacki 
flew to Denver from Chicago to meet with me. I believe they were blown away. Then came the UBS complaint. 
As a follow up to our meeting, they wanted to know WHO at the SEC I shared my information with. I told them. 
That was the last I heard from them although I continued to send them my information. 
To the SEC IG Carl Hoecker: In 2015 I parted ways with Berger as I was convinced the SEC was using my 
information in an unethical/illegal manner to both bring and obstruct complaints. Berger was not willing to file 
an IG complaint. After parting ways, I almost immediately did just that. Prior to retaining Berger I had filed an 
award application for the UBS Reg Sho complaint. In my submission and my correspondence with 
Mckessy/OWB I made the claim based on OWB permissible rules to "open a new line of inquiry". One that 
would link the trading activity detailed in my ultimate TCR by NITE and UBSS. That link: Abusive naked shorting 
publicly traded shells and money laundering. My application was denied and there was no investigation into 
this link. The SEC had just bailed out a "known criminal enterprise":NITE "glitch" was not a forthcoming 
admission. Neither was the blatantly and knowingly false pretext for the DOJ dropping its UBSS x border DPA 
because "UBSS was in full compliance" in 2010. So, rather than open a new line of inquiry, the SEC chose to 
obstruct. 
I made clear to Hoecker the egregious conflicts by Khuzami,White and Ceresney with clients UBS,JPM,CS, and 
DB. Hoecker claims to have conducted a "thorough" investigation of my very serious allegations and found 
nothing. Despite MJW waivers received to "investigate" her Swiss bank client CS. Then in 2019, Hoecker 
arrogantly told me I could file a FOIA request on his findings. Then, came 2019 and absolutely nothing had 
changed. NITE was still trading billions of shares of OTCM shells like ELTZ. There were still no risk disclosures. 
Cifu refused to publish KCG 2O2017 financials, Hanover/Magna/AQR/Alpha/IMDS etc etc etc were still up and 
running . I filed ANOTHER complaint with IG Hoecker. Despite the fact that Hoecker himself wroth the IG 
handbook on "thorough investigations" mandating complainant interviews, I have never been interviewed by 
Hoecker. In addition, the IG Hoecker is mandated to inform Congress as to serious allegations like mine. He did 
not. In doing so, obstructed Congress from executing its oversight of the SEC/OWB. And despite hundreds of 
offers to fly to SEC HQ to have the best and brightest at the SEC rip apart my allegations 1 by 1 I have never 
been taken up on my offer. Why is that? The SEC OWB has gone to great lengths in other cases to explain the 
OWB process etc to whistleblowers. I have never been told "no thanks" for my information. In fact, McKessy has 
solicited MORE information from me after submitting my Berger TCR. In Madoff, an intern could have 
verified/shut down in weeks NOT years. No contra parties. Only a well orchestrated obstruction by 
SECNY/McCarthy et al kept it up and running. As I have also repeatedly told the SEC: My claims could be verified 
in weeks also. NITE has a P&L for every stock they trade. These, aggregated, are basis for quarterly trading 
profits. These P&L's, combined with OW data, and balance sheet data will validate ALL of my claims. I've offered 
my service to do exactly that. 2 weeks max. Afterall, proprietary trading strategies are NOT proprietary if they're 
EFTA00010925
--- PAGE 108 ---
illegal. For the reasons I have listed in this summary, NITE/VIRT is on the SEC "do not investigate list". And yes, 
there most definitely is such a thing. Especially when it comes to illegal activity facilitated by the SEC. So, the 
SEC denial of my OpCo award claim which was 5 years in the making is just another example of my very serious 
allegations: The SEC solicits and uses whistleblower information like mine to both bring and obstruct 
complaints. Unethical. Illegal. To deny my award application because the "investigators" didn't see my 
information is further affirmation of my allegations. They saw it. They used it. They denied my compensation for 
it. Again Ms Norberg, I will forward my 2012 etc emails with Robin Traxler at FINRA as well as McKessy as 
further evidence that my Award application denial should be overturned. Further affirmation from 2 dissenting 
SEC Commissioners and the judge in the Gibraltar case makes this denial both egregious and bizarre. Bizarre 
ONLY if you believe that there is no SEC obstruction that is. BTW, crazy stuff going on with the firing of Mr 
Berman/Clayton nomination to take his place/Rabbitt to DoJ/Carpenito replacing Audrey Strauss/Trump/Barr 
don't you think? The SEC needs some fixers. Wonder why. 
I'm cc'ing some our mutual friends on this email Jane. The last overt act of this massive ongoing, SEC facilitated 
conspiracy has not occurred yet. 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Wistleblower 
303-877-7008 
From: Chris Dilorio chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Wednesday. June 10 2020 2:30 PM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Mr Roach, 
The SEC is irrefutably using my information in unethical and illegal manner. My information is being used to 
BOTH Bring complaints AND obstruct/protect investigations into entities detailed in my various TCR's. Denying 
me rightful compensation. This is the latest example 
Chris 
From: Chris Dilorio cchris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Monday, May 18, 2020 10:36 AM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
As straightforward as it gets: 
The SEC OWB dragged its feet for 5 years in issuing its preliminary denial notice. 
The SEC knows this is my information. The SEC committed fraud on the court in Gibraltar. The judge corrected 
them. The SEC was omitting information that implicated NITE, UBSS and customers like Sason/Hanover/Magna. 
The SEC was obstructing a thorough investigation of my claims. The naked shorting cited in the CGFIA 10O in 
2013 PROVES my allegations. The SEC's "targeted investigation" stops short of a full accounting. The SEC 
EFTA00010926
--- PAGE 109 ---
Gibraltar complaint does NOT explain the totality of the Oppenheimer complaint. The SEC Gibralter complaint 
cites 1 OTCM shell and less than 1 million shares traded by Opco. 2 dissenting Opco waiver SEC Commissioners 
proved that also citing "BILLIONS" of shares in their dissent. The SEC/Opco AML complaint was based on the 
FINRA complaint and my information. The SEC OWB concocted a completely fabricated reason for denying my 
Award: "The SEC investigators involved never saw claimants information". The responsibility to distribute 
Whistleblower information within the SEC is the exclusive and explicit responsibility of the OWB. As a result, the 
massive fraud taking place continued well into 2020. The 1Q2020 10O proves this. 
The SEC IG Hoecker is guilty of violating specific IG requirements in keeping Congress informed of serious 
matters like mine. The SEC IG Hoecker has never interviewed me despite my filing 2 separate complaints with 
his office. The SEC IG Hoecker is guilty of criminal obstruction. SEC Chair Clayton and Co Enforcement Peikin 
worked at Sullivan Cromwell with Jared Fishman. Fishman has played a key role in the SEC facilitated criminal 
obstruction. Peikin and Clayton should have recused themselves from ANY pending NITE/VIRT matter before 
the SEC: My information. Clayton and Peikin should have recused themselves from the SEC facilitated KCG/VIRT 
merger. My information, including the Opco AML complaint SHOULD have stopped the merger from ever 
happening. 2 former SEC Commissioners agree with that analysis. The SEC is actively facilitating a massive 
,ongoing fraud on the American people they are mandated to protect. NITE/VIRT is a criminal entity. The SEC 
MUST invoke emergency powers and halt trading in VIRT IMMEDIATELY. 
In short Mr Arp, the criminal activity actively perpetrated by the SEC OWB/IG must be referred to law 
enforcement as well as Congress. Separate but related: SEC facilitated criminal activity and my claims. The 
criminality is a matter for law enforcement. My pending matters with the SEC have no bearing on a criminal 
investigation OR a GAO investigation. 
You are incorrect in your analysis. 
I Urge the IG Integrity Board to have SEC IG Hoecker refute my claims point by point. 
I will be on a plane tomorrow so he can do it in person. 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Tuesday. May 12. 2020 8:54 AM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Almost immediately I filed a formal appeal to the SEC OWB fabricated denial of my award application. In this 
appeal I show irrefutable proof of my allegations: The SEC OWB used/ is using my information to both bring 
complaints AND obstruct complaints while denying me compensation. In short: My information exposes an 
ongoing, massive in scope, SEC facilitated fraud on the American people. Rather than shut it down, the SEC has 
chosen to cover up so that the illegal activity can continue. It does in 2020 
Chris 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Monday. May 11 2020 7:16 PM 
EFTA00010927
--- PAGE 110 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Wednesday, April 29, 2020 8:03 AM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
The SMOKING GUN in my allegations: 
Naked shorting in CGFIA (My TCR/FINRA complaint) by "un named third party BD" in 2013. Well known to the 
SEC. This is why there was no investigation into the ENTIRETY of the FINRA trading activity. The SEC issued 
waivers to Opco within days of its AML complaint. WHO was the SEC protecting? WHO were the customers and 
executing BD's/MM's in the Opco complaint? ALSO well known to the SEC: 
MY INFORMATION. 5 years to get a preliminary denial: statute of limitations. BUT the last overt act of this 
ongoing conspiracy has not yet occurred. 
Chris 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Wednesday. April 29. 2020 7:56 AM 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Still more evidence of a well orchestrated scheme to cover up and obstruct a FULL SEC investigation into 
Opco/Gibraltar/NITE/UBSS trading activity in billions of shares of OTCM money laundering shells. The SEC used 
my information to bring AND obstruct complaints. 
The 2 SEC Commissioners dissent in granting Oppenheimer waivers after this egregious activity 
https://www.sec.gov/news/statement/dissenting-statement-oppenheimer-inc.html 
SEC.gov I Dissenting Statement In the Matter of Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. 
Dissenting Statement In the Matter of Oppenheimer & Co., Inc., by Commissioner Luis A. Aguilar and 
Commissioner Kara M. Stein, February 4, 2015 
vAvw sec g ov 
In fact, the SEC waivers came within days of their complaint. Here, these 2 Commissioners cite Oppenheimer 
trading "BILLIONS of shares of penny stocks". Clearly, they were not JUST referencing the SEC Gibraltar 
complaint. WHO was the SEC protecting with its complaint then waivers? 
EFTA00010928
--- PAGE 111 ---
The smoking gun which I have provided to the SEC on several e mails: 
Which came in an SEC reviewed CGFIA 10O 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1344394/000135448814000425/cgfi 10q.htm 
cgfi_10q.htm - SEC 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period 
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements 
for the past 90 days. 
www.sec.gov 
pg 27 
"Our stock is subject to a "Global Lock" imposed by the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (DTCC)" 
"On September 24, 2013, we were notified that the DTCC would be placing a 'Global Lock" on the Company's 
Class A stock as a result of actions by a third-party broker dealer. On November 11 2013, DTCC imposed the 
"Global Lock". Since less than 0.02% of the Company's Class A common stock shares were held within DTCC, 
Management chose to not undertake the expense of challenging the Global Lock. Nevertheless, shares that are 
held in street name (CEDE & CO), will not be able to be withdrawn from DTCC without further action." 
Of Course, I have hard copies if you prefer. 
ex clearing: The illegal SEC/DTCC Obligation Warehouse. 
This is CLEAR,IREEFUTABLE,INCONTROVETIBLE evidence of naked shorting by executing BD's in CGFIA. This 
activity took place per my Knight/UBSS TCR submitted to the SEC. So, WHY did the SEC obstruct an 
investigation into the ENTIRETY of the trading activity in the FINRA (and FINCEN) complaints? WHO were the 
executing BD's/MM's? WHO were the customers? 
The veracity of my information is also irrefutable and incontrovertible. 
Game. Set. Match. The SEC is a grossly corrupt, criminal enterprise facilitating illegal activity detailed by me so 
that this activity can continue. It does in 2020. The SEC solicits then uses Whistleblower information (MINE) to 
bring complaints AND obstruct other illegal activity while denying proper compensation to whistleblowers (ME). 
The SEC KNEW who the "third party BD" was in the CGFIA filing long before it filed its Opco complaint in 2015. It 
had my TCR in its possession in March 2013. So why did it take 5 years for the SEC to issue its preliminary 
denial? I would remind the SEC that this is very much an ONGOING conspiracy on the part of the SEC et al. 
IN FURTHERANCE OF THE CONSPIRACY 
Cheers! 
Christopher) Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, April 28, 2020 7:24 AM 
EFTA00010929
--- PAGE 112 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
Per my extensive SEC TCR's: Josh Sason/Emanuel/Abitebol/Hanover/Magna extensive overlap with NITE/VIRT 
(and AQR) money laundering shells. 
The SEC Sason/Magna/NewLead Feb 2019 complaint: also my information 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/complaints/2019/comp24403.pdf
Marc P Berger SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Brookfield Place 
200 Vesey Street, Suite 400 New York, NY 10281-1022 SOUTHERN 
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK JOSHUA SASON, MARC MANUEL, 
S. In addition, Pallas acted as an underwriter for a primary offering of NewLead stock, which NewLead 
attempted to disguise as an asset sale transaction. 
vii.vw sec goy 
hups://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgaddata/1322587/0001144204130650951v361773 scl3g.hlin 
www.sec.gov 
(i) Sole power to vote or to direct the vote . The information required by Item 4(c)(i) is set forth in Row S of 
the cover page for each Reporting Person hereto and is incorporated by reference for each such Reporting 
Person. 
www.sec.gov 
MG Partners Ltd: Abitebol 
But not in the complaint: MAGNA GIBRALTAR INVESTMENTS LLC: also Abitebol 
As with Opco/GIBRALTAR, who is the SEC protecting? 
AND, per my extensive correspondence with the SEC re my TCR's: The SEC is ALSO grossly under estimating the 
criminal activity in NITE/Magna/NewLead 
SEC: Criminals bailing out/actively facilitating criminals/criminal activity. 
soliciting/using whistleblower information in unethical/illegal manner to bring complaints/obstruct 
complaints/deny whistleblower rightful compensation. 
Cheers! 
Christopher.' Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, April 28, 2020 6:43 AM 
EFTA00010930
--- PAGE 113 ---
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
More evidence of SEC fraud on the court in Gibraltar. 
It is CLEAR that the Opco AML Covered Action 2015-016 was NOT ENTIRELY based on the SEC Gibraltar Action. 
The SEC Gibraltar action covered trading activity in just 1 OTCM Money laundering shell: Magnum d'Or where 
Opco traded less than 1 million shares. CLEARLY the SEC Opco complaint was based on the trading activity in the 
FINRA Opco AML complaint: my information. However, the SEC Opco complaint even stops short of a thorough 
investigation of the ENTIRETY of the FINRA trading activity. WHY? WHY didn't the SEC Opco/Gibraltar complaint 
go into trading activity in the FINRA AML OTCM shells through 2014 as FINCEN did? WHY did the SEC omit 
MATERIAL information to the court in Gibraltar causing a "significant under estimating" of criminal activity? 
The SEC knows who the accounts were. The SEC knows who the executing BD's/MM's were. The SEC committed 
a fraud on the court in Gibraltar. 
Gibraltar was ROLLING OUT NEW OTCM services into the end of 2011. 
https://www.pr.com/press-release/355246 
Gibraltar Global Securities Now Offering Offshore Brokerage Accounts - 
PR.com 
Nassau, Bahamas, The, September 22, 2011 --0-- Gibraltar Global Securities is now offering offshore 
brokerage accounts in addition to their broad array of financial services.Gibraltar Global ... 
\ v. pr. corn 
https://www.pr.com/press-release/355247 
GGSI Bahamas is Now Offering Pink Sheet Clearance 
Offshore Broker Adds to Buying and Selling Services 
WWW.pr.corn 
https://www.pr.com/press-release/369649 
GGSI Bahamas Provides State-of-the-Art Security for OTC PINK Transactions 
and Communication 
GGSI (Gibraltar Global Securities Inc.) has just announced the release of their latest security measures 
designed to protect their client&rsquo;s personal data, and to secure electronic communication. 
VONW.pr corn 
The SEC KNEW the Gibraltar/Opco trading activity went well beyond 2011 YET cut off its investigation at "well 
into 2010". Thus, KNOWINGLY omitting material information in Gibraltar: FRAUD ON THE COURT 
EFTA00010931
--- PAGE 114 ---
Confirming my allegations of SEC criminal activity in handling my information. WHY? to protect NITE and UBSS. 
criminal entities bailed out by the SEC. 
Now, the SEC is using the completely fabricated reason for denying my award claim for covered action 2015-
016: "The investigators never saw the claimants information". 
WHEN the explicit and exclusive responsibility to distribute whistleblower information within the SEC falls on 
the OWB itself. 
More criminal activity. 
Criminals bailing out criminals while denying Whistleblowers due process and compensation. 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
303-877-7008 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Subject: Fw: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
From: Chris Dilorio <chris_diiorio@msn.com> 
Sent: Friday, April 24, 2020 8:18 AM 
Subject: Formal appeal for preliminary denial covered action 2015-016/ Knight Capital TCR & Appendix 
I am in receipt of the SEC preliminary denial of my award claim for the Oppenheimer AML covered action 2015-
016 
This is my formal appeal of the SEC preliminary determination. 
My award application was based on this very simple FACT: 
The SEC (and FINCEN) Oppenheimer AML actions were based on the FINRA Oppenheimer AML action 
FINRA 
https://www.finra.org/sites/default/files/fda documents/2009018668801 FDA KMX39652.pdf 
of - FINRA 
which isFINRA a party, to the entry of findings and violations consistent with the allegations of the 
(asComplaint sanctions amended andby the Offer of Settlement), to the imposition of the set forth 
andbelow, understands fully that this Order will become part ofRespondent's permanent disciplinary 
andrecord may anybe considered in future actions brought by FINRA. BACKGROUND ... 
www.finra.org 
EFTA00010932
--- PAGE 115 ---
The SEC 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/admin/2015/33-9711.pdf
Before the SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Before the . SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION . SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 . Release No. 9711 / 
January 27, 2015 . SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT O F 1934 . Release No. 74141 / January 27, 2015 . 
ACCOUNTING AND AUDITING ENFORCEMENT . Release No. 3621 / January 27, 2015 . ADMINISTRATIVE 
PROCEEDING . File No. 3 -16361 . In the Matter of 
www.sec.gov 
FINCEN 
https://www.fi ncen.gov/news/news-releases/fi ncen-fin es-oppen hei mer-co-i nc-20-mill ion-continued-anti-
money-laundering
FinCEN Fines Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. $20 Million for Continued Anti—
Money Laundering Shortfalls I FinCEN.gov 
Washington, D.C. — The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), working closely with the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), assessed a $20 million civil money penalty today against 
Oppenheimer & Co., Inc., for willfully violating the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA). Oppenheimer, a securities 
broker-dealer in New York, admitted that it failed to establish and implement an adequate ... 
www.fincen.gov 
In the summer of 2012, I had extensive correspondence with Robin Traxler at FINRA where I also cc'd Sean 
McKessy then SEC OWB Chief. The CURRENT OWB Chief and the SEC IG are in possession of this 
correspondence. My correspondence dealt with 2 penny stock shells cited in my Knight Capital TCR submitted 
by Berger Montague in March 2013 attached here: Colorado Goldfields and AppTech. Both shells were NITE and 
UBSS top traded OTCM shells in 2010-2013. These 2 shells were cited by FINRA in their Oppenheimer AML 
complaint. Again, the SEC and FINCEN Oppenheimer AML complaints were based on this FINRA complaint. In 
fact, per the FINRA Opco complaint above, customer "TC" was dumping worthless AppTech (APCX) certificates 
well into mid 2010. DIRECTLY overlapping with the NITE/UBSS APCX trading activity cited in my Berger 2013 TCR 
attached and discussed by me with Robin Traxler at FINRA. HOW is it possible that the SEC OWB didn't share 
my information with SEC investigators? Current SEC OWB Chief Norberg was previously an assistant to then 
OWB Chief McKessy. 
WHO ultimately executed the trades cited in the FINRA Opco complaint? 
Further, the SEC Gibraltar Securities complaint raises more questions than answers as well. 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/complaints/2013/comp22683.pdf
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, 13 Civ. GffiRALTAR GLOBAL 
SECURITIES, COMPLAINT NATURE OF THE ACTION - SEC.gov 
EFTA00010933
--- PAGE 116 ---
12. David Della Sciucca, Jr., age 27, is a resident of Fort Lauderdale, Florida. In . the Magnum d'Or 
complaint, the Commission charged Della Sciucca with acting as a nominee 
vx,rw. sec ov 
The SEC Gibraltar Securities complaint references only 1 OTCM money laundering shell: Magnum d'Or. The 
complaint specifically states that Oppenheimer sold just 969,822 shares. Again, no mention of executing 
BD/MM. 
The SEC Oppenheimer AML cites Gibraltar trading activity also. 
The share amounts in the SEC complaint grossly under estimate that in the FINRA complaint. WHY? 
The judge in the Gibraltar case said "the SEC's requested amount CLEARLY UNDERESTIMATES the defendants ill-
gotten gains...." 
http://www.tribune242.com/news/2016/jan/13/bahamian-broker-25m-sanction/ 
Bahamian broker in $25m sanction I The Tribune 
A former Bahamian broker/dealer and its principal have been hit with a combined 524.484 million in 
financial sanctions by a US court, which found that their "ill gotten gains" were likely ... 
www.tribune242.com 
WHY didn't the SEC go after ALL of the sellers in the FINRA Opco AML complaint? WHY did the SEC "strip out" 
$46 million from the Gibraltar ill gotten gains claiming the customers were "UNKNOWN"? WHO is the SEC 
protecting? WHO were the executing BD's/MM's in the FINRA Opco CGFIA and APCX trades? They certainly 
know who the customers were. Is customer "JK" Justin Keener/JMJ also in my March 2013 TCR attached? While 
the SEC Opco AML was based on the FINRA Opco AML, it stopped short of a thorough investigation of NITE and 
UBSS. In fact, the trading activity of NITE/VIRT and UBSS in the FINRA complaint: my information SHOULD have 
triggered an immediate investigation of NITE and UBSS. It did not. Did the SEC commit fraud on the court in its 
OMISSION of material information? 
The timing of the SEC's preliminary determination and the reasoning for the denial ALSO raises more questions 
than answers. 
My Award application for the Oppenheimer AML SEC complaint was 5 years ago. That's FIVE years ago. So, WHY 
NOW am I so blessed by the SEC with a preliminary judgement? 
The SEC basis for denying my Award claim for covered action 2015-016: 
"Investigative staff responsible for the covered action NEVER RECEIVED ANY INFORMATION FROM THE 
CLAIMANT OR had any communication with the claimant" 
Let's take this whopper in 2 parts: 
First, the SEC OWB denied my Award application because The investigators in the complaint never received my 
information. Has the SEC OWB re written the investigative protocol in this denial? How am I or ANY 
whistleblower supposed to know WHO the investigators are in a particular case WHEN according to the SEC: 
ALL investigations are done in a confidential manner???? 
WHAT DOES THE SEC DO WITH WHISTLEBLOWER TIPS EXACTLY? Do they share whistleblower information with 
ENFORCEMENT as is mandated? HOW would ANY whistleblower know WHO to share information with at the 
EFTA00010934
--- PAGE 117 ---
SEC? Isn't that the job of the SEC OWB? 
Second, the fact that no one at the SEC contacted me DOES NOT mean the SEC didn't use my information. This 
is a completely bogus argument. It certainly would NOT be the first time the SEC used my information now 
would it Jane? 
In fact, it is NOT the responsibility of the whistleblower to get his/her information to the right Enforcement 
personnel. That responsibility EXPLICITLY falls on the SEC OWB. So, is the SEC OWB admitting gross negligence 
in handling my information? After the monumental failure in the Madoff Ponzi/ money laundering SEC 
facilitated scam on the public the then SEC IG made specific recommendations to the SEC with regards to the 
proper handling/vetting of Tips and Complaints. 
https://www.sec.gov/files/468.pdf
Review and Analysis of OCIE Examinations of Bernard L. Madoff Investment 
Securities, LLC 
Review and Analysis of ODE Examinations of Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities, LLC Executive 
Summary Background. On June 25, 2009, the Securities and Exchange Commission's 
viww sec g ov 
AGAIN: The responsibility to properly vet Whistleblower information and get the information into the right 
hands at the SEC falls EXPLICITLY and EXCLUSIVELY with the SEC OWB itself and is NOT the responsibility of the 
whistleblower. Further, according to the previous SEC IG in the monumental Madoff failure: the responsibility 
to contact those supplying Tips and Complaints ALSO falls explicitly and exclusively with the SEC OWB and not 
the whistleblower. Using these excuses as the basis of denial of Award is completely contrary to SEC 
MANDATED protocols and procedures. 
Is the SEC OWB admitting it doesn't comply with those recommendations? Recall: the monumental SEC Madoff 
failure was NOT the fault of Whistleblowers either. OR is the SEC OWB scrambling for a 5 years in the waiting 
preliminary determination? 
So, after 5 years of waiting for a preliminary determination for my award claim, this is what the SEC best and 
brightest come up with? 
My Denial of Award for covered action 2015-016 was completely made up on the fly. 
The SEC OWB has applied completely fabricated "rules" to issue this denial. Further affirmation of ALL of my 
allegations. 
Also by SEC admission, the SEC allowed these 2 penny stock shells to remain a clear and present risk to the 
investing public. Were CGFIA and APCX ONLY money laundering shells for Oppenheimer in 2008-2010 and then 
suddenly they were no longer money laundering shells when NITE and UBSS traded billions of shares of both 
shells 2010-2013? 
WHY did it take until September 2018 before the SEC finally revoked the CGFIA registration? 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?company=Garpa&owner=exclude&action=getcompany
So, WHY was there no SEC investigation of NITE and UBSS trading activity in money laundering shells APCX and 
CGFIA? The SEC et al facilitated NITE "glitch" took place in August 2012. This SEC/Jefferies/JPM/BX/GS/SEC Chair 
Clayton Sullivan Cromwell colleague Jared Fishman et al bailout coincides directly with NITE trading activity in 2 
SEC/FINRA/FINCEN acknowledged money laundering shells. AND the "bailout" penny stock esque reverse 
merger between Getco and Knight didn't close until July 2013. HOW could the SEC conduct a COMPLETE and 
thorough investigation into the FINRA Opco AML complaint WITHOUT implicating NITE when NITE was CLEARLY 
trading billions of shares of OTCM money laundering shells BEFORE and coinciding with the SEC et al facilitated 
EFTA00010935
--- PAGE 118 ---
"glitch" bailout? For UBSS, the DOJ dropped its cross border AML DPA complaint in 2010. UBSS was trading 
money laundering shells well after the DOJ claimed UBSS was in compliance with the cross border DPA. 
To be clear: BOTH NITE and UBSS knew CGFIA and APCX were money laundering shells when they traded 
billions of shares of each 2010-2013. Is that FACT disputed by the SEC? The SEC OBSTRUCTED a thorough 
investigation into the ENTIRETY of trading activity of NITE and UBSS in CGFIA and APCX: MY CLAIMS. Josh 
Sason/Hanover/ Magna knew CGFIA was a money laundering shell also 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1344394/000114420413041432/0001144204-13-041432-index.htm 
ALSO in my claims: Joshua Sason/Hanover Magna. CGFIA. Also my NewLead TCR1426518350699 and FreeSeas 
TCR1440274395191 separate but related TCR's where NITE was a top trader in both and BOTH TCR's were filed 
well in advance (years prior) to the Sason/Hanover/Magna February 2019 complaint. Here's one thing the SEC 
has been consistent about: The SEC ignores the role of executing BD's and MM's in these scams. WHY? Because 
NITE is the #1 OTCM shell trader. As far as the SEC is concerned Penny stock trading fairies convert worthless 
certificates into real money. NOI Executing BD's/MM's like NITE do. Did Oppenheimer sell this order flow to 
NITE? Who ultimately converted these worthless certificates to real money? As the number 1 OTCM money 
laundering shell trader it is statistically improbable the NITE has never been the focus of an SEC AML complaint. 
Per my TCR: what does the NITE Compliance Department do exactly? How many SAR's has NITE filed in the last 
years? In a 2015 SIFMA speech then SEC Enforcement Director Ceresney was "SHOCKED" by the number of 
BD's filing 1 or ZERO SAR's. That was just 5 years ago. WHEN would NITE file a SAR releted to the billions of 
shares of OTCM money laundering shells it trades like CGFIA and APCX: BEFORE or AFTER it trades those 
BILLIONS of shares?Does NITE pull markets and alert regulators OR continue to trade billions of shares of OTCM 
money laundering shells in the face of GLARING AML red flags? In fact, in December 2019 the top traded 
NITE/VIRT OTCM money laundering shell was ELTZ 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001607281&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0 
The SEC knows the people/entities in ELTZ well 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/admin/34-46993.htm 
Strata Coal Company and Terrence A. Tecco: Admin. Proc. Rel. No. 34-
46993 / December 13, 2002 
Strata Coal Company ("Strata" or "the company") is a non-reporting Nevada shell corporation based in 
Frisco, Texas. Strata's shares are quoted on the Pink Sheets under the symbol SCOC. Until September 
2002, the company was known as WesPac Technologies, at which time it changed its name to Strata. 2. 
Tecco is the sole officer, director, and ... 
www.sec.gov 
https://www.sec.govinews/press-release/2019-16 
SEC.gov I SEC Charges Broker-Dealer and Transfer Agent in Microcap Shell 
Factory Fraud 
The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced charges against a broker-dealer, a transfer 
agent, and three individuals for their roles in the creation of over a dozen undisclosed "blank check" 
companies from 2009 to 2014. 
EFTA00010936
--- PAGE 119 ---
Doesn't the NITE/VIRT compliance Department have internet service in Jersey City? As a DIRECT result of the 
SEC obstructing a complete and thorough investigation into the ENTIRETY of trading activity in APCX and CGFIA, 
the top NITE/VIRT traded OTCM money laundering shell in December 2019 was AML red flags galore ELTZ. 
Illegal activity ACTIVELY facilitated by the SEC. The examples cited in this e mail are not exhaustive. 
And, for it's part AppTech is up and running again/still 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?company=Apptech&owner=exclude&action=getcompany
Unfortunately, AppTech is still up and running as a direct result of the aforementioned SEC " CLEARLY under 
estimating" otherwise known as CLEARLY OBSTRUCTING. 
In conclusion, The SEC solicits information from whistleblowers like me. The SEC uses whistleblower information 
to bring actions and then doesn't compensate whistleblowers for their information. 
OR 
The SEC uses whistleblower information to protect criminality perpetrated on the investing public so that this 
criminal activity can continue. BOTH are gross dereliction of the stated and MANDATED SEC Whistleblower 
statutes. To blame a whistleblower for the SEC's EXPLICIT and EXCLUSIVE responsibility to properly vet and 
distribute whistleblower information within the SEC as an excuse to deny Awards is also criminal activity. The 
SEC: criminals using whistleblower information to protect other criminals AND deny whistleblower rightful 
compensation for their information. 
I appeal the SEC preliminary determination and wish to file ANOTHER complaint with the SEC IG. 
Cheers! 
Christopher J Dilorio 
303-877-7008 
Janey, 
how long have you been in possession of my Knight Capital TCR? Almost 7 years to the day. How many follow up 
e mails have I sent the SEC since then? 
For 7 fucking years, the SEC has known about JMJ/Keener. I told them 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/complaints/2020/comp-pr2020-72.pdf
IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT 
OF FLORIDA SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION No. COMPLAINT 
SUMMARY - sec.gov 
5. Justin W. Keener, age 45, resides in San Juan, Puerto Rico.During the Relevant Period, Keener was a 
resident of Miami Beach, Florida. Keener registered the name "JMJ Financial' as a fictitious name in Florida 
in 2008 and used it to conduct the business described 
EFTA00010937
--- PAGE 120 ---
www.sec.gov 
In February 2019, the SEC brought an action against Joshua Sason/NewLead 
told the SEC about Magna/ Sason ALSO in my 2013 TCR. 
https://www.sec.gov/litigation/litreleases/2019/Ir24403.htm 
Joshua Sason, et al. (Release No. LR-24403; Feb. 15, 2019) 
Washington, D.C., February 15, 2019 - The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced charges 
against four individuals and related businesses for their roles in two microcap frauds and unlawful 
securities offerings. 
www.sec.gov 
AND, I filed separate but related NewLead and FreeSeas TCR's in 2015 
Then there's the UBS AML complaint. 
ALSO my claims. For which I sent 10 (TEN) separate Award applications from a commercial fax machine in 
April/May 2019. AND I have YET to receive even a preliminary determination from the OWB/Norberg 
IG, I see your "investigation" into my very very serious accusations of Obstruction related to my information was 
thorough. In short, the SEC has and still is ripping me off. 
Janey, be a hun and update my TCR's/Awards cited in this e mail. 
And Ms Welshhans, a couple of questions for you: 
1) Have you read the FINRA WTFC Keener complaint? Fictitious notes Ring a bell? 
Same MO as Sason/Magna/NewLead/FreeSeas etc etc etc 
2) WHO executed the Keener OTCM trades in your complaint? Penny stock trading fairies? 
YES, NITE was a top trader in BOTH FreeSeas and NewLead 
The core business at NITE/VIRT is and ALWAYS has been: abusive naked shorting OTCM (and other) shells to 
facilitate money laundering. 
In short Ms Welshhans, NITE/VIRT converts these worthless certs into real money. NONE of 
JMJ/Sason/IBC/Ironridge/Asher etc etc etc activity takes place without a willing,corrupt, criminal, executing 
BD/MM like NITE/VIRT, CDEL etc 
Finally, The Keener SEC complaint is FURTHER evidence that FINRA has NO business enforcing US securities 
LAWS. When FINRA "invited" Keener to a disciplinary hearing almost 7 years ago, Keener told them to "fuck 
off". FINRA bar meant nothing the last 7 years. EXCEPT JMJ/Keener/NITE ripping off more investors. 
Obviously the SEC has/is using my information. I expect to be compensated. 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
303-877-7008 
Mr Peirce, 
Congratulations on your nomination as SEC Commissioner. I have read your paper on FINRA lack of 
accountability. I believe the SEC has abdicated its responsibility to enforce Broker Dealer compliance with the 
BSA to FINRA BECAUSE it is not accountable. The SEC has not initiated a single stand alone AML complaint. 
EFTA00010938
--- PAGE 121 ---
The Brown Brothers Harriman AML complaint IS my claim. ALL of the entities in the complaint are un named 
WHY? My SEC and IRS Whistleblower complaints explain why. 
Hello, My name is Chris Dilorio. I have filed extensive SEC and IRS Whistleblower complaints alleging a direct 
link between penny stock money laundering, domestic and foreign entities, Swiss Banks, and executing brokers 
like KCG and UBS. I can provide overwhelming evidence of SEC obstruction. Please read the FINRA Brown 
Brothers Harriman AML complaint. This is my claim. All of the entities in the complaint are un named. Why? 
The SEC is not only obstructing an investigation, they are aiding and abetting the activity. These are not far flung 
theories. The UBS Whistleblower Birkenfeld and his attorney sent 52,000 accounts to the SEC and DOJ. The 
DOJ at the influence of President Obama and Hillary Clinton entered into the UBS DPA based on just 4400. 
What is so egregious is the activity continues un abated today. 
Start with the so calledAugust 2012 Knight/KCG trading "glitch". Initial reports say the NYSE was breaking the 
trades. WHY did they stop. Former KCG CEO Joyce said he had a very frank discussion with then SEC Chair 
Schapiro where the SEC wanted to send a very strong message to market participants. Why not just continue to 
break the trades and hit KCG with a hefty fine? That would not create the conditions to grant KCG exception 
after exception to do their emergency funding which transferred 74% of the company to "glitch" funding 
participants and ultimate reverse merger partner GETCO. AND, despite claiming to having a "highly liquid 
balance sheet" KCG had to raise the entire amount of the loss. 
A very significant and public event was cited in a WSJ article where immediately following the "glitch"KCG 
inadvertently sent 4000 worthless securities to JPM in an attempt to secure a tri party financing where JPM 
guaranteed the loan. This is discussed in my attached TCR's and also the topic in a March 2014 letter I sent to the 
SEC. In the end, the emergency funding was NOT collateral based. The participants knew exactly what a fraud 
the KCG balance sheet was. After the stock was decimated to $3, the deal was a convertible with a conversion 
price at a 50% discount or $1.50/ share. 
There is much more, but this is a good start. 
Recently, KCG did a modified Dutch auction where they "sold" an asset (HotSpot) to an entity both KCG and 
GETCO were a major shareholder (BATS) KCG CEO Coleman called it a "highly competitive process". 
Virtually all of the proceeds went to buy back stock from "glitch" financing participants. The purchase price was 
$14/share. The stock had never traded there and hasn't since. Reports say 82 million shares were tendered at or 
BELOW $14. But they chose to repurchase 23 million shares AT $1499999 I have overwhelming evidence that 
supports my allegations that the SEC is engaging in criminal obstruction to protect KCG. 
I) Current KCG Dan Coleman ran Equities at UBS during the massive REG Sho violations as well as the cross 
border activity detailed by Whistleblower Birkenfeld. White and Ceresney represented UBS prior to joining the 
SEC 
2) At June 30 2011 KCG/Knight reported just 105 million in working capital with hundreds of millions in 
worthless securities sitting on its balance sheet. KCG was insolvent 
3) The SEC orchestrated the emergency funding for KCG following the so called Aug 2012 trading "glitch" 
4) Read FINRA AML complaints against Brown Brothers Harriman. This is my claim. It links penny stock 
money laundering to executing brokers like KCG, domestic and foreign entities, and Swiss banks. ALL of the 
entities in the complaint are un named. WHY? 
5) The FINRA World Trade Financial AML complaint discusses several entities cited in my claims. The 
customer the complaint focuses on is Justin Keener. Still very much in business. The red flags cited by FINRA 
were cited in my claims as well. Yet still no investigation. 
6) in July 2015 I contacted Kevin Goodman Dir OCIE for Broker Dealrsat the SEC. He had never seen my 
information. The IG OCIE Madoff report mandated the OCIE to vet information. McKessy and Ceresney never 
sent my info to him 
7) I'm sure you are familiar with the Manning v Merrill,KCG,UBS et al litigation. The SEC does not want an 
investigation into my claims while the litigation is pending. 
8) My claims detail ex clearing trading activity by KCG and UBS. despite the glaring red flags in doing so. Ex 
clearing s the Obligation Warehouse. A NON GUARANTEED SERVICE set up by the SEC and DTCC to allow 
firms like KCG to circumvent close out requirements of Rule 204. Clearly contrary to the intent of the SEC 
EFTA00010939
--- PAGE 122 ---
authorization in Sec I7a of the 1934 Act to create a system of prompt and timely settlement and to remove 
impediments there of. 
In short, I told the SEC KCG was insolvent in 2011. Rather than investigate and prosecute, they chose to 
obstruct. The activity in my TCR's pit dates the "glitch". An investigation would show the SEC bailed out a 
criminal enterprise. Because of the obstruction, the activity continues today unabated in stocks like 
STBV,VELA,NEWL,FREE, and dozens more. The investing public remains at risk 
More to come 
Chris Dilorio 
EFTA00010940


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010941.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010941.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Edward Friedland <I 
To:" 
Cc: Jose h Pecorino 
>. Matthew Rogers 
Subject: Re: Maxwell Link 
Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 18:07:01 +0000 
In line-1m ages: image001.jpg 
Good with me. 
Thanks. 
Sent from my BlackBerry - the most secure mobile device 
From: 
Sent: November 29 2021 1:05 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Maxwell Link 
CAUTION - EXTERNAL: 
Joe, Ed, here's what we're ready to post, unless you have any correction: 
November 29, 2021 
Victim Attendance at Trial in United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
In orders dated October 14 and November 24, 2021, the S.D.N.Y. Court outlined procedures for public access to 
the trial in this matter. (Trial began on November 29, 2021, with jury selection.) Specifically, consistent with the 
District's COVID-19 protocols, the Court will ensure public access (with COVID-19 distancing) to the trial in the 
courtroom itself and in several overflow rooms at the courthouse with live feeds of the proceedings. Beyond the live 
feeds within the courthouse, the trial will not be further broadcast; nor will there be any telephonic dial-in to the 
roceedings. Victim access will be coordinated by the U.S. Attorney's Office Victim-Witness Coordinator, 
and Mr. Joseph Pecorino of the Court's District Executive Office 
. Victims who wish to attend the trial may contact either one of 
those persons for further information. 
COVID-19 Protocols. Per the S.D.N.Y. Response to COVID-19, anyone who appears at any S.D.N.Y. courthouse 
must complete a questionnaire on the date of the proceeding prior to entering the courthouse. All visitors must 
also have their temperature taken when they arrive at the courthouse. Only persons who meet the entry 
requirements established by the questionnaire and whose temperatures are below 100.4 degrees will be allowed 
to enter the courthouse. All visitors must wear a mask that covers the person's nose and mouth. Bandannas, 
gaiters, and masks with valves are not permitted. If a person does not have an approved mask, a screener will 
EFTA00010941
--- PAGE 2 ---
provide one. Anyone who fails to comply with the COVID-19 protocols that have been adopted by the Court will 
be required to leave the courthouse. There are no exceptions. For more information, please see 
https://www.nysd.uscourts.gov/covid-19-coronavirus.
From: Edward Friedland 
Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 12:01 PM 
To: 
>; 
Cc: Joseph Pecorino a; 
Matthew Rogers a> 
Subject: FW: Maxwell Link 
This info on your web page is outdated and is causing the public to try and access the Maxwell matter by phone. Can you 
pull down the access number info and update with the latest order which says in-person? 
Edward A. Friedland, Esq. 
District Court Executive 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
From: Joseph Pecorino 
Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 11:57 AM 
To: Edward Friedland 
Subject: Maxwell Link 
https://www.justice.goviusao-sdnytunited-states-v-ghislaine-maxwell 
Joseph Pecorino 
Office of the District Executive 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
Email: 
Office: 
PLEASE CONSIDER THE ENVIRONMENT BEFORE PRINTING THIS E-MAIL 
CAUTION - EXTERNAL EMAIL: This email originated outside the Judiciary. Exercise caution when opening 
attachments or clicking on links. 
EFTA00010942


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010943.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010943.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: Edward Friedland 
Cc: Jose 
Subject: RE: Maxwell Link 
Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 18:10:49 +0000 
I ['lin e-I m ages: image001.jpg 
Matthew Rogers 
H 
I hanks. \Veil roll it out. 
From: Edward Friedland ca 
Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 1:07 PM 
To: 
Cc: Joseph Pecorino 
; Matthew Rogers cji
:; 
Subject: Re: Maxwell Link 
Good with me. 
Thanks. 
Sent from my BlackBerry - the most secure mobile device 
From: 
Sent: November 29 2021 1:05 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Maxwell Link 
CAUTION - EXTERNAL: 
Joe, Ed, here's what we're ready to post, unless you have any correction: 
November 29, 2021 
Victim Attendance at Trial in United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
In orders dated October 14 and November 24, 2021, the S.D.N:Y. Court outlined procedures for public access to the trial in 
this matter. (Trial began on November 29, 2021, with jury selection.) Specifically, consistent with the District's COVID-19 
protocols, the Court will ensure public access (with COVID-19 distancing) to the trial in the courtroom itself and in 
several overflow rooms at the courthouse with live feeds of the proceedings. Beyond the live feeds within the 
courthouse, the trial will not be further broadcast; nor will there be any telephonic dial-in to the proceedings. Victim 
access will be coordinated by the U.S. Attorney's Office Victim-Witness Coordinator, 
, and Mr. Joseph Pecorino of the Court's District Executive Office a, 
. Victims who wish to attend the trial may contact either one of those persons 
for further information. 
EFTA00010943
--- PAGE 2 ---
COVID-19 Protocols. Per the S.D.N.Y. Response to COVID-19, anyone who appears at any S.D.N.Y. courthouse must 
complete a questionnaire on the date of the proceeding prior to entering the courthouse. All visitors must also have their 
temperature taken when they arrive at the courthouse. Only persons who meet the entry requirements established by the 
questionnaire and whose temperatures are below 100.4 degrees will be allowed to enter the courthouse. All visitors must 
wear a mask that covers the person's nose and mouth. Bandannas, gaiters, and masks with valves are not permitted. If a 
person does not have an approved mask, a screener will provide one. Anyone who fails to comply with the COVID-19 
protocols that have been adopted by the Court will be required to leave the courthouse. There are no exceptions. For more 
information, please see https://wwwnysd.uscourts.govicovid-19-coronavirus.
From: Edward Friedland 
Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 12:01 PM 
To: 
) c
>; 
Cc: Joseph Pecorino < 
; Matthew Rogers 
Subject: FW: Maxwell Link 
This info on your web page is outdated and is causing the public to try and access the Maxwell matter by phone. Can you 
pull down the access number info and update with the latest order which says in-person? 
Edward A. Friedland, Esq. 
District Court Executive 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
From: Joseph Pecorino 
Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 11:57 AM 
To: Edward Friedland 
Subject: Maxwell Link 
https://www.justice.goviusao-sdny/united-states-v-ghislaine-maxwell 
Joseph Pecorino 
Office of the District Executive 
United Stales District Court 
Southern District of New York 
Email: 
Office: 
PLEASE CONSIDER THE ENVIRONMENT BEFORE PRINTING THIS EMAIL 
CAUTION - EXTERNAL EMAIL: This email originated outside the Judiciary. Exercise caution when opening 
attachments or clicking on links. 
EFTA00010944


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010945.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010945.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fro 
Ti 
Cc: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, "USANYS-
CRIMINAL PARALEGALS" <USANYS-CRIMINALPARALEGAL 
u a d 
'v> 
ANY 
INVE TI ATIR C 
ANY -INVE TI ATIR 
usa.d. .!ov> 
Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell - 
'pens 
Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 19:03:04 +0000 
About to start 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 29, 2021, at 12:58 PM 
We (finally!) have our jury. Preliminary instructions are happening now, and 
1:45. Come support! 
Sent from my iPhone 
ote: 
will open after lunch, around 
On Nov 28, 2021, at 9:59 AM, 
ote: 
There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that took 
place in 1994. If you want to find them, you'll have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. 
It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors 
will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine 
Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her 
accountable. 
'Mill 
open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 
Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906. There is also a conference room on the first floor (room 130) that has a 
very small monitor with a live feed just for our office. 
Timing: we'll start at 8:30 a.m. with peremptory challenges, and we expect to go straight to preliminary instructions 
and opening statements. In order to get a seat, we'd recommend that you go over early. 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
EFTA00010945


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010946.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010946.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: " 
To: ' 
Cc: r"
>,
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Date: Wed, 12 Jun 2019 18:51:00 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
S 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
week for a victim interview in Los Angeles. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Wednesday and return no later 
than Friday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). The trip will be some combination of me, M, 
and/or 
as previously. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 14:57 
To: 
Cc: 
> 
> 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
S 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly 
down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). 
Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either 
be me and 
or 
and 
but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it 
super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57 
To: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Thank you 
> 
EFTA00010946
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46 
To: 
Cc: 
I c
=s; 
Subject: Re: travel approval request 
Approved 
Sent from my iPad 
On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, 
S 
> wrote: 
For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for 
sexual activity, 
and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and 
return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows. 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: travel approval request 
U 
and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm 
Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on 
Saturday. 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010947


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010948.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010948.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: ' 
Cc: ' 
, ' 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Date: Wed, 12 Jun 2019 22:57:23 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Thanks II. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2019 15:28 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Approved. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2019 2:51 PM 
To: 
Cc: M
=S: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
S 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
week for a victim interview in Los Angeles. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Wednesday and return no later 
than Friday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). The trip will be some combination of me, M, 
and/or 
as previously. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 14:57 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
S 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly 
down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). 
EFTA00010948
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either 
be me and 
or 
and 
but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it 
super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57 
To: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Thank you 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: travel approval request 
Approved 
Sent from my iPad 
On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, 
S 
> wrote: 
For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for 
sexual activity, 
and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and 
return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows. 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: travel approval request 
S 
and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm 
Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on 
Saturday. 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
EFTA00010949
--- PAGE 3 ---
M 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010950


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010951.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010951.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Date: Tue, 22 Oct 2019 17:54:50 +0000 
a 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
permission to travel next week for an interview in West Palm Beach on November 4. It will just be me and 
and 
we'll travel some combination of the 3rd to the 5th. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2019 14:51 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
S 
> 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
week for a victim interview in Los Angeles. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Wednesday and return no later 
than Friday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). The trip will be some combination of me, M, 
and/or 
as previously. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 14:57 
To: 
Cc: 
> 
> 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
S 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly 
down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). 
EFTA00010951
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either 
be me and 
or 
and 
but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it 
super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
thanks very much, 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57 
To: 
Subject: RE: travel approval request 
Thank you 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: travel approval request 
Approved 
Sent from my iPad 
On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, 
S 
> wrote: 
For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for 
sexual activity, 
and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and 
return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows. 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: travel approval request 
S 
and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm 
Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on 
Saturday. 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
EFTA00010952
--- PAGE 3 ---
M 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00010953


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010954.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010954.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
To• 
Subject: RE: Conference call line 
Date: Tue, 22 Oct 2019 19:38:16 +0000 
10-4 
From: 
Sent: Tuesda October 22, 2019 3:37 PM 
To: 
Cc 
Subject: Re: Conference call line 
Apologies for the late notice, but this call just got cancelled, so we will no longer need this line. 
Thanks, 
On Oct 22, 2019, at 11:16 AM, 
Thanks very much. 
On Oct 22, 2019, at 10:38 AM, 
877-973-4755 
You use passcode 
Everyone else uses 
From: 
Sent: Tuesda October 22 2019 10:29 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Con erence ca ine 
Hi, 
(wrote: 
rote: 
Would it be possible to get a conference call line set up for this afternoon around 4pm, please? We will be speaking 
with an Epstein victim and her attorneys, who are all in different places. 
Thanks, 
EFTA00010954


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010955.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010955.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: SONY Daily Press Clippings - August 11, 2020 
Date: Wed, 12 Aug 2020 01:14:23 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.png 
SDNY PRESS CLIPPINGS 
MAXWELL 
Fox News: https://www.faxnews.com/usicritkal-new-information-found-ghislaine-maxwen-cose-lowyers-claim 
The Sun: btipv//www thecim,rn ukinews/1237369filg
uastelLvff-suiride-watch-moons-juill 
CNN: https://www.msn.comien-usinewsipolitksighistaine-maxwen-attomeys-for-the-epstein-associate-ask-to-holt-release-olsealed.documents.in.civibcose.ofter-learning-olcriticatnew. 
informationiar-88170moY 
up http5:fiu,yaryfinjiyfuir
jeffreyspapjul pfince-andrew-sex-ring 
HERNANDEZ: 
NLY_POSISMEilliallosin rom/2020102/10iteka'h"inine-BedifttaniltEltitilyc
i 
Cheat Sheet: httesliv.•ww.cheatsheet.cordentertainment/tekashi-69-and-his-security-squad-confronted-by-angry-stranger-but-hes-not-fazed.htmli 
WIRECARD: 
BLOOMBERG: hups://vaww.msu.com/en-us/news/world/formerwirecard-martager-died-of-blood-poisoning4n-manNa-bNcliar-BB17KrNG 
WSJ: https://www.wsj eruntartidalalogaMtre-Pdlice-blingamt 
MATTERS OF INTEREST 
VANITY FAIR: https://wwwsta0ltytaiccnmfnews/2020/08/William-barr-of-all-people-accuses-black-lives-matter-protester-of-befog-fasdstir 
US NEWS & WORLD REPORT: https://money.usnews.com/investinr/news/articles/2020-08-10/turkeys-halkbank-urges-dismissal-of-us4ndictment4n4ran-sanctions-case 
Wa Po: bens://www.washingtaapost rom/relitics/tozo/osiii/k-this-voter-h-aud-ektia
Washington Examiner: hilpt/bmwiwAshingtnntimes rnminAws/2020/Atigilliwilliam-harr-cntight-dismiss-mirhaPI-flynn-case-bas/ 
EFTA00010955


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010956.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010956.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: News linet 
Date: Fri, 22 Feb 2019 22:20:56 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Coast Guard Officer Ordered to Jail, Accused of Being  'Domestic Terrorist' [Fox News] 
• Lt. Christopher Paul Hasson will remain in jail without bail for at least two weeks, a judge ruled Thursday 
(02/21/2019). 
• Federal agents recovered 15 guns and more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition from Hasson's Maryland 
apartment. 
• Investigators say Hasson repeatedly studied a manifesto authored by Anders Behring Breivik, the 
Norwegian right-wing extremist who killed 77 people in a 2011 bomb-and-shooting rampage. Prosecutor 
Jennifer Sykes claimed Thursday that Hasson would also log onto his government computer during work 
and spend hours searching for information on such people as the Unabomber, the Virginia Tech gunman 
and anti-abortion bomber Eric Rudolph. 
• Related Article: Prosecutors Haven't Proved 'Hit List' Coast Guardsman is a Terrorist: Judge [NY Post] 
US Citizen Charged in Kidnapping  of Journalist in Somalia [Fox News] 
• According to a criminal complaint unsealed Thursday (02/21/2019) in New York, Abdi Yusuf Hassan was 
part of a conspiracy to kidnap a journalist in January 2012 in Galkayo, Somalia, and demand $20 million in 
ransom. 
EFTA00010956
--- PAGE 2 ---
• While the journalist is not named in the complaint or in a superseding indictment, the dates of his 
capture and release, and several details outlined in the court documents, match the experiences of 
author Michael Scott Moore, a German-American. In November, Moore confirmed to the New York Times 
that another man indicted in the case, Mohamed Tahlil Mohamed, was one of his captors. Mohamed and 
Hassan are listed as co-defendants. 
• According to court documents, Hassan, 51, was born in Mogadishu and is a naturalized U.S. citizen. He 
faces six counts, including kidnapping conspiracy, hostage-taking conspiracy and unlawful use of firearms. 
He was arrested in Minneapolis on Friday and will be returned to New York to face charges. 
• [Analyst's note: Abdi Yusuf Hassan and Mohamed Tahlil Mohamed positive for FBI holdings.] 
Global Terrorism 
United States (Social Media) 
• A U.S. citizen suspect was arrested in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and charged with participating in the 
kidnapping of afreelance journalist in Somalia, where he was held for nearly three years over a $20 
million ransom, media reported Thursday Twitter [Star Tribune] 
o The suspect was charged in federal court in New York with six felony counts ranging from 
kidnapping to hostage-taking to illegal use ((firearms 
o According to the criminal complaint, the suspect and other heavily armed captors abducted the 
journalist on Jan. 21, 2012, firm a vehicle in the northern Somali city of Galkayo in the Mudug 
region 
American Women Who Left the US to Become ISIS Brides and Fighters [Business Insider] 
• The State Department announced on Wednesday (02/20/2019) that a US-born woman who left Alabama 
to join the Islamic State would not be welcomed home. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said that Hoda 
Muthana "does not have any legal basis, no valid US passport, no right to a passport, nor any visa to 
travel to the United States." 
• According to a report from the George Washington University's Program on Extremism, 72 Americans 
have successfully traveled to Syria or Iraq and joined ISIS and other Jihadist groups since 2011. Just 12% of 
the travelers have been women. 
Trump Calls For More Biometric Scans, Data Sharing To Stop Terrorism [NextGov] 
• President Donald Trump on Wednesday (02/20/2019) signed the National Strategy to Combat Terrorist 
Travel, a new policy document that calls for increased use of biometric technologies and sharing of the 
data being collected in order to prevent the travel of known or suspected terrorists. 
• "Vetting includes automated biographic and/or biometric matching against watchlists and threat 
information;' the strategy states. The process referenced in the strategy "does not include the physical 
screening or inspection of people or goods that may occur at the border, United States Secret Service 
venues, or transportation checkpoints." 
American Who Joined aI-Qaeda, then Turned Informant Speaks in First TV Interview [CBS] 
• Bryant Villas tells 60 Minutes about the time he spent with al-Qaeda before providing key information to 
U.S. intelligence. 
• The lure of fighting for oppressed Muslims in the Middle East pitched in online videos drove troubled 
American Muslim-convert Bryant Villas into the arms of al-Qaeda in Afghanistan, where he spent eight 
months training with al-Qaeda. After he was caught in Pakistan and shipped back to the U.S., Villas 
provided key information about his experience. 
EFTA00010957
--- PAGE 3 ---
• Villas spent eight years talking to the FBI while he was locked up and provided what former FBI acting 
director Andrew McCabe termed "incredibly valuable" information including identities of terrorists and 
how he made his way from Long Island, New York, into al-Qaeda. 
Canadian Who Tried to Join Terror Group in Syria Released from Prison Despite Being 'High Risk to Public 
Safety' [Global News] 
• An Ontario man who travelled to Syria to join an al-Qaida faction is being released from prison less than 
two years after pleading guilty, even though the Parole Board of Canada is concerned he might continue 
to engage in terrorism. 
• The Parole Board said Kevin Omar Mohamed had not participated in any de-radicalization efforts and 
there was no evidence he was committed to changing his "extremist ideological beliefs." 
• Although the former University of Waterloo student was sentenced to 4.5 years imprisonment as recently 
as October 2017, he is already eligible for statutory release, when the time he had served awaiting trial is 
taken into consideration. 
German Police Detain 2 in Alleged Islamic Extremist Plot [Star Tribune] 
• A German-Moroccan couple was arrested Thursday in central Germany on charges they were planning an 
Islamic extremist attack. A series of raids included searches of the homes of 12 other suspects, Frankfurt 
prosecutors said. 
• The couple, both 26 and German-Moroccan dual nationals, tried to travel with their two young children 
to Syria in 2016 to join the Islamic State extremist group, but were captured in Turkey and deported back 
to Germany, Niesen said. They were arrested at their home in the Raunheim area, southwest of Frankfurt 
in the state of Hesse. 
• Overall, some 200 police officers raided 15 homes in Ruesselsheim, Biebesheim, and Raunheim in Hesse 
as well as one in Kerpen in North Rhine-Westphalia. 
Germany 
• German authorities arrested two German-Moroccan suspects and charged a dozen others Thursday after a 
series of police raids near Frankfurt aimed at disrupting a planned terrorist attack Associated Press 
o Authorities believe the suspects were in the early stages of planning an attack in Germany, though 
officials said they were not aware of an attack target 
. The suspects, both 26 and German-Moroccan dual nationals, tried to travel to Syria in 2016 to 
join ISIS, but were captured in Turkey and deported back to Germany 
o Overall, some 200 police officers raided 15 homes in the Frankfurt area, resulting in charges against 
suspects for accessory to planning an attack in Germany 
Fabien Clain, French Jihadist and 'Voice of Paris Attacks', Reported Killed [BBC] 
• Security sources told French media an air strike on Wednesday killed Clain in Baghuz, the last pocket held 
by IS. 
• The US-led coalition fighting IS said it was trying to verify the reports. 
• Clain became known as the French voice of IS after the 2015 attacks that left 130 people dead. 
Afghanistan: Members of a Prominent Terror Gang  of Taliban Arrested in Kabul [India Blooms] 
• Afghanistan security forces have arrested at least four members of a prominent terror gang of Taliban 
group during an operation in Kabul city, media reports said on Friday (02/22/2019). 
• The Taliban group members who belonged to one of the most destructive networks of the group were 
arrested during an operation of the Special Forces of Afghan Intelligence which was conducted in the 
EFTA00010958
--- PAGE 4 ---
vicinity of the 5th police district of Kabul city, the National Directorate of Security, the intelligence 
directorate of Afghanistan said in a statement, reported Khaama Press. 
• The arrested people were identified as Abdullah son of Gul Rasool who is the leader of the network, 
Humayoun son of Majnoon, Maiwand son of Sharbat, and Faridullah alias AhmadZia son of Redi Gul. 
• The detained individuals have confessed that they were recruited in Taliban ranks by one of the Taliban 
group leaders Asadullah Nasrat in Paghman district of Kabul and were busy in bombings, armed 
robberies, assassinations, harassments, and lootings in Kabul city, according to the National Directorate of 
Security. 
The U.S. Sent Its Most Advanced Fighter Jets to Blow Up Cheap Opium Labs. Now It's Canceling  the Program 
[Time] 
• After hundreds of airstrikes failed to curtail the Taliban's $200 million-a-year opium trade, the U.S. 
military quietly ended a yearlong campaign that targeted drug labs and networks laced around the 
Afghan countryside. 
• The U.S. military first began targeting Taliban narcotics facilities with airstrikes and Special Operations 
raids in November 2017 when opium production jumped to record highs in Afghanistan. At the time, U.S. 
commanders estimated the Taliban operated up to 500 drug labs, which helped fuel their nearly two-
decade long insurgency. 
• The military's strategy became the latest high-priced failure to slow endemic poppy cultivation and drug 
trafficking in Afghanistan. The U.S. has spent $8.9 billion in U.S. counter-narcotics efforts since 2001, yet 
the war-torn country has consistently produced about 85% of the world's illicit opium supply. 
United Kingdom: Only One in 10 Jihadis Returning  from Syria Prosecuted, Figures Reveal [Independent UK] 
• Amid calls for the government to repatriate Shamima Begum for criminal investigation rather than 
remove her British citizenship, police have warned it is "no easy task" to evidence a suspect's activities 
abroad. 
• Ben Wallace the security minister, said around 40 people "have been successfully prosecuted so far —
either because of direct action they have carried out in Syria or, subsequent to coming back, linked to that 
foreign fighting". 
• But more than 400 people "of national security concern" are believed to have returned from conflicts in 
Syria and Iraq. 
Amid Loss of Leaders, Unknown Militant Rises in Philippines [Washington Post] 
• Not much is known about Hatib Hajan Sawadjaan, but the attacks attributed to him heralding his rise are 
distinctly savage: A deadly bombing, which authorities say was a suicide attack by a foreign militant 
couple, blasted through a packed Roman Catholic cathedral in the middle of a Mass. 
• The Jan. 27 attack, which killed 23 people and wounded about 100 others on southern Jolo Island, and 
another suspected suicide bombing on nearby Basilan Island last July that officials said he masterminded, 
put Sawadjaan in the crosshairs of the U.S.-led global campaign against terrorism. 
• A recent U.S. Department of Defense report to Congress said without elaborating that it believed 
Sawadjaan was the "acting emir," or leader, in the Philippines of the Islamic State group, also known by its 
acronym ISIS. 
Venezuela's Ex-Spy Chief Rejects Maduro, Accusing Leader's Inner Circle of Corruption - By Ana Vanessa 
Herrero and Nicholas Casey Feb. 21, 2019 CARACAS, Venezuela — A former intelligence chief in Venezuela who is one 
of the government's most prominent figures turned against President Nicolas Maduro on Thursday, calling him a dictator 
EFTA00010959
--- PAGE 5 ---
with a corrupt inner circle that has engaged in drug trafficking and courted the militant group Hezbollah. In interviews 
with The New York Times, the former intelligence chief, Hugo Carvajal, 58, who is a congressman in the governing Socialist 
Party, urged the military to break with the president ahead of a showdown with the opposition on Saturday over Mr. 
Maduro's blockade of aid shipments on the country's borders. "It has been more than enough; Mr. Carvajal said in a 
statement, which was also released in a video online on Thursday and addressed to Mr. Maduro. "You have killed 
hundreds of young people in the streets for trying to claim the rights you stole. This without even counting the dead for 
lack of medicines and security." "To the generals," he added, "how is it that having the power to allow the entry of 
international humanitarian aid to our country to save lives, you would decide not to? Would you be so inhuman? So 
hypnotized?" The strong words come amid a wave of other defections by government officials, including a top air force 
official diplomats, military attaches and members of the national guard. This break with the regime, by a man who once 
guarded its secrets as intelligence chief, adds a dose of unexpected pressure on the president just three days before the 
confrontation over aid at the border with Colombia. 
Mr. Carvajal's accusations also added a new twist to the unfolding drama: a willingness to provide evidence that 
could be used against Mr. Maduro's government should it fall. Mr. Carvajal — who in 2017 criticized Mr. Maduro for 
setting up a second legislature — now provided a valuable weapon to the opposition, which for years has contended that 
the president's inner circle has ties to drug runners and militants. President Trump warned Venezuelan military officials 
on Monday to abandon Mr. Maduro by the weekend or "lose everything." This was an escalation of American support for 
Juan Guaido, the leader of the opposition, who claims the presidency and has staked his bid on pushing shipments of 
humanitarian aid into Venezuela, against Mr. Maduro's wishes. Many of Mr. Guaides supporters said they are preparing to 
storm a border bridge to force open the blockade on Saturday. In his interview, Mr. Carvajal — who retired from the 
intelligence service in 2012, after having served almost 10 years — offered a rare account of the internal workings of a 
government in which he said drug trafficking and corruption were commonplace, managed by top figures such as Nestor 
Reverol, the interior minister; Tareck El Aissami. a minister who served as vice president; and Mr. Maduro himself. Those 
who were combating drugs "were the ones trafficking it, too," he said of Venezuelan officials who face indictments or 
sanctions in the United States. Mr. Carvajal is among those accused of drug trafficking by American investigators: He 
escaped extradition on drug charges in Aruba in 2014 and was sanctioned by the Treasury Department for having helped 
Colombian guerrilla groups smuggle cocaine. In the interviews, Mr. Carvajal admitted to dealings in both worlds. 
https://www.nytimes.com/2019/02/21/world/americas/hugo-carvajal-maduro-venezuela.html? 
action=click&module.RelatedCoverage&pgtype=Article&region.Footer 
Venezuela's former chief of military intelligence declared his support for Guaid6, telling Maduro, "It's been more than 
enough." The Wall Street Journal's Ryan Dube and Kejal Vyas report: "Hugo Carvajal, a retired general and current 
congressman for the ruling Socialist Party, called for authorities to allow into Venezuela the humanitarian aid that the U.S. 
is stockpiling on the Colombian border.... Mr. Carvajal, who spent more than three decades in Venezuela's military, also 
had a sobering message for active troops, many of whom have been appearing in propaganda videos meant to rile up 
nationalist sentiment against what the Maduro regime says is an imminent U.S. invasion." 
Sunni Jihad is Going Local - For decades, Sunni jihadism has been characterized by transnational terrorism, suicide 
bombing, and excommunication. These three pillars not only attracted the ire of American and European governments, 
but turned off many of the jihadists' target constituents, namely Sunnis living in the Muslim world. Yet there are signs that 
Sunni extremists are changing their ways, drifting away from the global agenda that reached its apotheosis in al-Qaeda's 
attack on the World Trade Center, and toward a hyperlocal one. The transformation is happening in various countries, 
including Afghanistan, Yemen, and Mali. Jabhat al-Nusra, al-Qaeda's offshoot in Syria, provides an illustrative example of 
how the jihadist threat is changing across the region. In 2016, Jabhat al-Nusra put together a lengthy training manual for 
its new recruits. In the roughly 200-page book, obtained by me, the group argues the merits of country-focused jihad over 
global jihad. It advises followers that al-Qaeda's stated strategy of going after the "far enemy" was not set in stone, and 
that, in the current moment, a focus on anything other than the local fight would be an "unacceptable distraction." (The 
Atlantic - 2/15) 
Iran says Suicide Bomber who hit Revolutionary Guards was Pakistani - Iran said Tuesday that at least three Pakistani 
citizens were among the assailants responsible for killing 27 members of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps on a bus 
last week, including the driver of the explosives-laden car that rammed the vehicle. The February 13 bombing in the 
EFTA00010960
--- PAGE 6 ---
southeast region along the Pakistan border was one of the deadliest attacks in years to strike Iran. Iran has often criticized 
Pakistan for harboring Sunni Muslim militants from the province, Sistan and Baluchistan. The accusation, reported by 
Iran's Tasnim news agency, was made by a commander of the Revolutionary Guards, Brig. Gen. Mohammad Pakpur, at a 
ceremony held Tuesday to honor victims of the attack. (New York Times — 2/19) 
ISIS Maintains Online Activity despite Significant Territorial Losses - According to a report from Dublin City University, 
ISIS continued to maintain an active online presence despite significant territorial losses and a decrease in attacks in the 
West. ISIS also continued to rely on the use of cryptocurrency and the dark web for the relative anonymity they both 
provide. ISIS continued to regularly disseminate press releases, claims of responsibility for attacks, infographics, and 
audio/video messages. These releases were most accessible through the messaging app Telegram. Since its loss of 
Raqqa, Syria, ISIS has not published a non-Arabic language magazine—once a key feature of the group's online media 
strategy. The last issue of ISIS's Rumiyah Magazine appeared in September 2017. Other violent extremist groups like Boko 
Haram have mimicked ISIS's online strategy, posting the same type of propaganda and even used similar branding and 
templates in their online claims. (VOX POL— 2/11) 
Amazon Drive is hosting Terrorist Content - Terrorist groups usually find ways to exploit the ever expanding services 
offered by major online platforms and tech companies, and Amazon Drive is no exception. Designed for storing and 
sharing photos, videos, PDFs and other forms of content, it has been adopted by the Islamic State, al-Qaeda and other 
organizations as a stable and reliable platform for disseminating their content. They upload it and then share the links to it 
with followers and sympathizers, primarily using the encrypted messaging app Telegram — terrorists' "app of choice." 
Amazon Drive, established in 2011 and previously known as Amazon Cloud Drive, can store subscribers' photos, 
videos and other files for access from mobile devices, desktops or Amazon Fire devices. According to the Amazon website, 
"All photos, videos and other files you upload to Amazon Drive are securely and privately stored in your Files and your 
Amazon Photos library." While Amazon has guidelines for its many platforms, including specific bans on terrorism,
"bigotry, hatred, or illegal discrimination " or the use of its services by anyone who is "the subject of U.S. sanctions or of 
sanctions consistent with U.S. law imposed by the governments of the country where you are using Amazon Services," it 
has not been proactive in removing terrorist content. Terrorist activity and content on Amazon Drive is the subject of a 
new report by my organization, the Middle East Media Research Institute and its Cyber & Jihad Lab documenting how 
ISIS and other groups like it have been using this free service. The examples in the report include Amazon Drive links to 
content such as videos by ISIS, audio messages by its leaders, and official newsletters and other content created by the 
group, its secondary media organizations and its supporters. (USA Today — 2/20) 
Global Terrorism 
Saudi Arabia 
• The U.S. Department of State issued a Level 2 Travel Advisory for Saudi Arabia on Thursday due to 
"terrorism and the threat of missile and drone attacks on civilian targets" U.S. Department of State 
o The advisory says to exercise increased caution and warns against travel within 50 miles of the 
border with Yemen due to terrorism and armed conflict, areas where the U.S. government has 
limited ability to provide assistance 
• Rebel groups operating in Yemen have fired missiles and rockets into Saudi Arabia, 
specifically targeting populated areas and civilian infrastructure, including: the cities of 
Riyadh and Jeddah, Riyadh's international airport, Saudi Aramco facilities, and vessels in Red 
Sea shipping lanes 
• These groups are also in possession of unmanned aerial systems, or drones, which they have 
used to target similar areas and facilities 
Sons of El Chapo Ovidio and Joaquin unsealed indictment for arrest and extradition preparation — Borderland Beat View 
article... and NY Times https://www.nytimes.com/2019/02/21/nyregion el-chapo-sons-indictment.html? 
action=click&module=Latest&pgtype=Homepagg 
EFTA00010961
--- PAGE 7 ---
"El Chapo" might be getting a new trial after Vice News reported that at least six jurors ignored the judge's orders of 
avoiding social media and any discussion of the case. The drug kingpin's attorneys said they're already planning on filing 
a motion requesting the judge question the jury. (Deanna Paull
Mexican Meth Fuels an American Crisis - The opioid crisis grabs the headlines, but what about the meth crisis? 
Methamphetamine, produced by Mexican cartels and smuggled over the southwestern border, killed 10,333 Americans in 
2017, more than in any previous year. Worse, preliminary statistics show an increase to more than 12,000 in the year 
ending last July. President Trump says there's a "crisis" at the border, and he's right—its result is the meth-overdose 
epidemic. (Wall Street Journal — 2/20) 
Prosecutors Broke Law in Agreement Not to Prosecute Jeffrey Epstein, Judge Rules - 
https://www.nytimes.com/2019/02/21/usheffrey-epstein-judge-prosecution-agreement.html? 
action=click&module=Latest&pgtype=Homepage 
Yahoo News, "The Soviets wanted to infiltrate the Reagan camp. So, the CIA recruited a businessman to bait them" by 
Zach Dorfman: "Beginning in 1975, a big black limousine with diplomatic plates would pull up once a month to the no-
parking zone outside John Greenagel's office in the handsome Merchants Exchange Building in downtown San Francisco. 
A man would exit the car, paper bag in hand, and ascend the stairs to Greenagel's public relations firm. The man would 
hand Greenagel, then in his mid-30s, the paper bag, which always contained stale Cuban cigars and a bottle of Stolichnaya 
without a tax stamp. 'Compliments of Mr. Pavlov,' the man would say, and walk out. Yuri Pavlov was a diplomat based at 
the Soviet Consulate in San Francisco and an undercover KGB officer ... after the Soviet bag man left, Greenagel would call 
his CIA handler, who would pop over to his office; and they'd laugh and drink the Stoly, smoke the old Cubans and talk 
about Greenagel's deepening friendship with Pavlov, which was entirely manufactured. ... Greenagel was acting as an 
'access agent' — providing the CIA with key insights about Pavlov's psychological and personality profile." 
West Point CTC Sentinel: February 2019 issue: 
A HOLLOW VICTORY OVER THE ISLAMIC STATE IN SYRIA? THE HIGH RISK OF JIHADI 
REVIVAL IN DEIR EZ-ZOR'S EUPHRATES RIVER VALLEY 
Hassan Hassan 
A VIEW FROM THE CI FOXHOLE: SHAUN GREENOUGH CASE STRATEGY AND MENTOR 
SUPERVISOR THE UNITY INITIATIVE 
Paul Cruickshank 
PROFIT-MINDED SUPPLIERS: CONVERGENCE OF IED FACILITATION AND WMD 
PROLIFERATION NETWORKS FOR NON-STATE ACTORS 
Stephen Hummel, F. John Burpo, and James Bonner 
THE ELN'S ATTACK ON THE NATIONAL POLICE ACADEMY IN BOGOTA AND ITS 
IMPLICATIONS 
Ross Dayton 
MTA Daily: 
Significant Dates in History 
February 22, 2005 
Washington, D.C. 
Man Charged in Alleged Plot to Kill President Bush 
EFTA00010962
--- PAGE 8 ---
Brief Description: (NY Times) — A Virginia man has been charged with plotting with Middle East terrorists to 
assassinate President Bush, either by shooting him on the street or by detonating a car bomb, the Justice 
Department said today. 
The department said that the suspect, Ahmed Omar Abu Ali, had conspired with terrorists in Saudi Arabia, 
with whom he lived there from September 2002 to June 2003, and that he had obtained a religious blessing 
from a co-conspirator to carry out the killing. 
Mr. Ali, 23, described in recent news reports as a Houston-born American citizen and the valedictorian of his 
high school class in suburban Virginia, appeared in federal district court in Alexandria, Va., today. He did not 
enter a plea, but scores of his supporters laughed when the charges were read. 
Mr. Ali's attorney, Ashraf Nubani, told Magistrate Liam O'Grady that his client was tortured while in Saudi 
custody, before he was returned to the United States, The A.P. said. "He has the evidence on his back," the 
lawyer said. "He was whipped. He was handcuffed for days at a time." 
Magistrate O'Grady assured Mr. Nubani that his client would not be mistreated in American custody. 
A federal indictment, setting forth charges that could lead to decades of imprisonment upon conviction, 
described the defendant as eager to be a partner in terrorism with Al Qaeda. 
"It was defendant Abu Ali's intent to become a planner of terrorist operations like Mohamed Atta and Khalid 
Sheikh Mohammed," the document says, referring to the man who piloted the first airliner that struck the 
World Trade Center on Sept. 11, 2001, and to one of the masterminds of the plot. (Mr. Mohammed was 
captured in Pakistan in March 2003.) 
Mr. Ali was arrested by Saudi authorities in Medina on June 9, 2003, on suspicion of being associated with 
bombings in Riyadh four weeks earlier that killed more than 30 people, including 9 Americans. 
A week after his arrest, the indictment says, a search of Mr. Ali's home in Falls Church turned up documents 
praising the Sept. 11 attacks, audio tapes in Arabic promoting the killing of Jews and a battle by Muslims 
against Christians and Jews and other incendiary writings. 
The indictment says that Mr. Ali traveled between Virginia and Saudi Arabia between 2000 and 2002, and that 
from September 2002 on he received lodging from Al Qaeda members who taught him such skills as using 
hand grenades and forging documents. 
At some time between September 2002 and June 2003 Mr. Ali tried to travel to Afghanistan 
through Iran to attack American soldiers, the indictment says, but he could not get the necessary travel 
documents. 
The accusation that Mr. Ali plotted to kill President Bush was included in a count charging him with 
conspiracy to provide material support and resources to foreign terrorists. Between September 2002 and June 
2003, the indictment says, Mr. Ali and another conspirator discussed two possibilities: that Mr. Ali would get 
close enough to the president "to shoot him on the street," or that he would detonate a car bomb to kill the 
president. 
Traffic is routinely blocked off when a president travels in an armored limousine with an armed escort. It has 
been decades since presidents strolled along city streets, and they are heavily protected by Secret Service 
agents wherever they go. But John W. Hinckley Jr. proved that a close-range shooting is not impossible, when 
he wounded President Ronald Reagan on March 30, 1981. 
The defendant's lawyer, Mr. Nubani, represented some of the 11 Muslim men in the Washington area and 
Pennsylvania who were accused in 2003 of conspiring with foreign terrorists and training for terrorist 
EFTA00010963
--- PAGE 9 ---
missions at firearms ranges in Northern Virginia. 
The men insisted they were engaging in harmless paintball games, not mock military missions. But three 
defendants were convicted of conspiracy in a non-jury trial last March and sentenced to long prison terms. 
While Mr. Ali was imprisoned in Saudi Arabia, his case became a cause cell bre among Washington-area 
Muslims, who complained that he should not be held so long without being charged with a crime. About three 
weeks ago, the State Department asked Saudi Arabia to either indict Mr. Ali or allow the Justice Department 
to return him to the United States. Until Mr. Ali's appearance in court today the United States government had 
not disclosed that he had in fact left Saudi Arabia. 
The Washington Post reported in 2003 that Mr. Ali was valedictorian of his 1999 high school class at the 
Islamic Saudi Academy in Alexandria, where school officials described him as "an exceptional student," with 
special talent in mathematics and science. 
Bending to the wishes of his parents, Omar and Faten Abu Ali, Mr. Ali entered the University of Maryland in 
the fall of 1999 to study engineering on a scholarship, The Post reported. But he was unhappy and left the 
next year to further his Islamic studies, first in Fairfax County, Va., and later in Medina. 
Rega rds, 
Senior Intelligence Specialist 
U.S. Attorney's Office-SONY 
Terrorism & International Narcotics Unit 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00010964


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010965.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010965.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: RE: Grand Jury Return - US v. Maxwell, S1 20 Cr. 330 (AN) 
Date: Fri, 10 Jul 2020 13:20:22 +0000 
Attachments: Maxwell_Superseding_Indictment_-_Sl_20_Cr._330_(AJN).pdf 
Inline-Images: image001.png 
Good morning, 
This superseding indictment does not appear to have been docketed on ECF. Would it be possible to please docket it 
today so that the Court and the defendant have notice of the new indictment before next week's arraignment? 
I have attached a color scan of the signed indictment, which can be filed. 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 12:28 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Grand Jury Return - US v. Maxwell, S1 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Good afternoon, 
Attached is the grand jury return for US v. Maxwell, which was previously wheeled out to Judge Nathan in Manhattan. The 
superseding indictment is unsealed. There are no warrants for this matter. 
Best Regards, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
New York, New York 10007 
EFTA00010965
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00010966
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00010967


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010968.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010968.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
INDICTMENT 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
TOVA NOEL and 
MICHAEL THOMAS, 
Defendants. 
X 
The Grand Jury charges: 
INTRODUCTION 
1. 
On or about August 10, 2019, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL 
THOMAS, the defendants, in dereliction of their duties as 
correctional officers at the Metropolitan Correctional Center 
("MCC"), repeatedly failed to perform mandated counts of prisoners 
under their watch in the MCC's Special Housing Unit ("SHU"). 
Instead, for substantial portions of their shifts, NOEL and THOMAS 
sat at their desk, browsed the internet, and moved around the 
common area of the SHU. To conceal their failure to perform their 
duties, NOEL and THOMAS repeatedly signed false certifications 
attesting to having conducted multiple counts of inmates when, in 
truth and in fact, they never conducted such counts. As a result 
of those false statements, the MCC believed prisoners in the SHU 
were being regularly monitored and accounted for when, in fact, as 
a result of the defendants' conduct, no correctional officer 
EFTA00010968
--- PAGE 2 ---
conducted any count or round of the SHU from approximately 10:30 
p.m. on August 9 until approximately 6:30 a.m. on August 10, at 
which time, as alleged herein, NOEL and THOMAS discovered the body 
of an MCC inmate, Jeffrey Epstein, who had committed suicide 
overnight while unobserved. 
RELEVANT INDIVIDUALS AND ENTITIES 
2. 
The MCC is a federal administrative detention 
facility located in Manhattan that is run by the Federal Bureau of 
Prisons ("BOP"). The MCC is one of several facilities used to 
house inmates who have been charged with federal crimes in the 
Southern District of New York and are awaiting trial. The MCC 
employs correctional officers, whose primary duty is to ensure the 
care, custody, and control of the inmate population of the MCC. 
3. 
TOVA NOEL, the defendant, has been employed as a 
correctional officer at the MCC since approximately 2016. As of 
August 2019, NOEL's primary assignment was the SHU. On August 9, 
2019, NOEL worked a regular shift from 4 p.m. to 12 a.m. in the 
SHU, and then worked an overtime shift from 12 a.m. to 8 a.m. on 
August 10, 2019, also in the SHU. NOEL had also worked a regular 
shift in the SHU the day before, August 8, 2019, from 12 p.m. to 
p.m. 
4. 
MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendant, has been employed as 
a correctional officer at the MCC since approximately 2007. 
EFTA00010969
--- PAGE 3 ---
Beginning in approximately 2013, THOMAS was assigned to work as a 
materials handler supervisor, although THOMAS regularly worked 
overtime shifts as a correctional officer, including in the SHU. 
THOMAS worked an overtime shift in the SHU on August 10, 2019, 
from 12 a.m. to 8 a.m. THOMAS did not work his regular shift on 
August 8 or August 9, 2019, but did work an overtime shift in the 
SHU on August 9, 2019 from 12 a.m. to 8 a.m. 
5. 
As 
detailed 
herein, 
Jeffrey 
Epstein 
was 
incarcerated at the MCC between his arrest on July 6, 2019, and 
his suicide on August 10, 2019. Epstein was detained pending trial 
in the Southern District of New York on sex trafficking charges. 
THE MCC AND INSTITUTIONAL COUNTS 
6. 
The MCC, which houses approximately 750 inmates at 
any given time, assigns inmates to various housing units within 
the MCC. The SHU is a housing unit within the MCC where inmates 
are securely separated from the general inmate population to ensure 
their own safety as well as the safety of staff and other inmates. 
The SHU is located on the ninth floor of the MCC, and access to 
that floor is controlled by a locked door that can be opened 
remotely only by an officer in the MCC's centralized control center 
(the "Control Center"), which is located on the first floor of the 
MCC. Access into the SHU is also controlled by a second locked 
door to which only correctional officers assigned to the SHU have 
EFTA00010970
--- PAGE 4 ---
keys while on duty. Within the SHU, inmates are assigned to six 
separate tiers, each of which can be accessed only via a single 
locked door to which the correctional officers assigned to the SHU 
have keys while on duty. Each tier has eight cells, each of which 
can house either one or two prisoners, and each individual cell - 
which is made of cement and metal - is accessed only through a 
single locked door, to which only correctional officers assigned 
to the SHU have keys while on duty. 
7. 
The BOP requires correctional officers assigned to 
guard inmates at the MCC to conduct institution-wide counts of 
inmates at regular, scheduled intervals to ensure that each inmate 
is alive and accounted for within the MCC (the "institutional 
count"). On weekdays, the MCC conducts five institutional counts 
at 4 p.m., 10 p.m., 12 a.m., 3 a.m., and 5 a.m. Performing an 
institutional count is one of the most basic and essential aspects 
of a correctional officer's job, and the count is one of the most 
basic and essential functions of daily operation of the MCC. Two 
officers are required to perform the institutional count for each 
housing unit, including the SHU, and are further required to 
document their performance of the count on an official MCC form 
called a count slip. To perform the institutional count in the 
SHU, two officers must walk from tier to tier to observe and count 
each individual inmate. 
EFTA00010971
--- PAGE 5 ---
8. 
On the count slip, both correctional officers are 
required to fill in the date and time the count was performed, 
write the total number of inmates physically present in the unit 
counted, and then sign the count slip. 
Once the correctional 
officers have completed and signed the count slips, the count slips 
are then collected and delivered to the Control Center, where 
officers within the Control Center are responsible for comparing 
the count slips from each housing unit to the institution's inmate 
roster to ensure that each inmate is accounted for. Only after 
all the count slips are collected from each housing unit, and the 
numbers on the slips are matched to the institution's inmate 
roster, can the institutional count be deemed "cleared" or 
completed. 
If a housing unit's count slip is incorrect or 
incomplete, then the institution cannot "clear" the count. 
Instead, the count must be completely redone in that housing unit 
via a more-intensive version of the institutional count called a 
"bed book count," in which officers must compare every individual 
inmate to the institution's inmate roster. 
Records of each 
institutional count, including the count slips, are provided to a 
supervising official and retained by the MCC. 
9. 
In addition to the institutional count, the BOP 
requires correctional officers assigned to the SHU to walk each of 
the tiers of the SHU - which is called a "round" - every thirty 
EFTA00010972
--- PAGE 6 ---
minutes ("30-minute rounds"). 
Like the institutional counts, 
correctional officers conduct 30-minute rounds to ensure that each 
inmate is alive and accounted for within his cell. Correctional 
officers working in the SHU are required to complete a form, which 
is reviewed and signed by their supervisor, documenting the date 
and time of each 30-minute round in each tier of the SHU. 
EPSTEIN'S PRIOR APPARENT SUICIDE ATTEMPT 
10. On July 6, 2019, inmate Jeffrey Epstein was 
arrested and detained at the MCC on sex trafficking charges. On 
July 10, 2019, Epstein was assigned to the SHU due to, among other 
things, risk factors for suicidality and safety concerns relating 
to housing him with the MCC's general population. 
11. On July 23, 2019, while Epstein was housed in the 
SHU, MCC officers responded to an emergency call, and found Epstein 
on the floor of his cell with a strip of bedsheet around his neck. 
MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendant, was one of the MCC officers who 
responded to the incident. Epstein was subsequently transferred 
out of the SHU and was placed on suicide watch. Inmates placed on 
suicide watch are housed in a cell on the hospital wing floor of 
the MCC, and are watched twenty-four hours a day by a staff member 
or a specially trained inmate companion. 
12. Epstein remained on suicide watch for approximately 
twenty-four hours, and then was transferred to psychological 
EFTA00010973
--- PAGE 7 ---
observation, until July 30, 2019. Psychological observation is 
less restrictive than suicide watch, but inmates are still housed 
in the hospital wing of the MCC and watched twenty-four hours a 
day. 
13. On July 30, 2019, Epstein was transferred back to 
the SHU, and, at the direction of the MCC's psychological staff, 
was required to have an assigned cellmate. 
Epstein was also 
assigned to the cell closest to the correctional officers' desk in 
the common area of the SHU, which was approximately fifteen feet 
from the cell. Conducting the required institutional counts and 
thirty-minute rounds in the SHU were also part of the MCC's 
procedures for ensuring the safety of inmates, including Epstein. 
EVENTS OF AUGUST 9-10, 2019 
14. On 
August 
9, 
2019, 
Epstein's 
cellmate 
was 
transferred out of the MCC in a routine, pre-arranged transfer at 
approximately 8 a.m. 
Despite the MCC's psychological staff's 
direction that Epstein have a cellmate, no new cellmate was 
assigned to Epstein's cell. 
15. TOVA NOEL, the defendant, was one of the assigned 
officers on duty in the SHU from 4 p.m. on August 9, 2019 to 8 
a.m. on August 10. From 4 p.m. to 12 a.m., two other officers were 
on duty with NOEL in the SHU: one officer was assigned to work 
from 2 p.m. to 10 p.m. ("Officer-1"), and one officer was assigned 
EFTA00010974
--- PAGE 8 ---
to work from 4 p.m. to 12 a.m. ("Officer-2"). MICHAEL THOMAS, the 
defendant, started his shift in the SHU at 12 a.m. on August 10. 
From 12 a.m. until 8 a.m. on August 10, NOEL and THOMAS were the 
only two officers on duty in the SHU. 
16. During the time period from 4 p.m. on August 9 to 8 
a.m. on August 10, the officers on duty in the SHU, including TOVA 
NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, were responsible for 
conducting five institutional counts: 4 p.m. and 10 p.m. on August 
9; and 12 a.m., 3 a.m., and 5 a.m. on August 10. NOEL, THOMAS and 
the other officers on duty were also responsible for completing 
paperwork attesting to each of those counts. While, as detailed 
herein, count slips were completed for each institutional count, 
in fact, not a single one of those institutional counts was done. 
17. TOVA NOEL, the defendant, and Officer-1 were 
responsible for conducting the 4 p.m. institutional count in the 
SHU. As video from the MCC's internal video surveillance system 
makes clear, NOEL and Officer-1 did not perform the 4 p.m. count. 
Nonetheless, NOEL and Officer-1 completed and signed a count slip 
that falsely stated that the 4 p.m. institutional count had been 
performed. 
In reliance on that falsified count slip, at 
approximately 5:03 p.m., the Control Center cleared the 4 p.m. 
count. 
EFTA00010975
--- PAGE 9 ---
18. That evening, Epstein returned to the SHU from his 
attorney visit and was escorted into his cell by TOVA NOEL, the 
defendant, and another officer at approximately 7:49 p.m. NOEL 
and the other officer left the tier in which Epstein was housed 
immediately thereafter. 
19. By or before 10 p.m., all inmates in the MCC were 
locked in their cells for the night. At or around that time, TOVA 
NOEL, the defendant, and Officer-2 were responsible for conducting 
the 10 p.m. institutional count in the SHU. However, video from 
the MCC's internal video surveillance system shows that NOEL and 
Officer-2 did not perform the 10 p.m. count. Nonetheless, NOEL 
and Officer-2 completed and signed a count slip falsely stating 
that the 10 p.m. institutional count had been performed. 
In 
reliance on that falsified count slip, at approximately 10:36 p.m., 
the Control Center cleared the 10 p.m. count. 
20. As reflected on video obtained from the MCC's 
internal video surveillance system, at approximately 10:30 p.m. on 
August 9, 2019 - after TOVA NOEL, the defendant, had signed and 
submitted the 10 p.m. count slip and the institutional count had 
been completed - NOEL briefly walked up to, and then walked back 
from, the door to the tier in which Epstein was housed. 
As 
confirmed by the video obtained from the MCC's internal video 
surveillance system, this was the last time anyone, including any 
EFTA00010976
--- PAGE 10 ---
correctional officer, walked up to, let alone entered, the only 
entrance to the tier in 
which Epstein was housed until 
approximately 6:30 a.m. on August 10. 
21. Officer-l's shift ended at approximately 10 p.m., 
and at approximately 12 a.m., MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendant, 
replaced Officer-2, joining TOVA NOEL, the defendant, as the only 
two correctional officers on duty in the SHU. NOEL and THOMAS were 
responsible for conducting the 12 a.m. institutional count in the 
SHU. 
As confirmed by video from the MCC's internal video 
surveillance system, NOEL and THOMAS did not perform the 12 a.m. 
count. Nonetheless, NOEL and THOMAS completed and signed a count 
slip for the 12 a.m. count that falsely stated that the 
institutional count had been performed. 
In reliance on that 
falsified count slip, at approximately 12:49 a.m., the Control 
Center cleared the 12 a.m. count. 
22. TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, were 
additionally responsible for conducting the 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. 
institutional counts in the SHU. As confirmed by video from the 
MCC's internal video surveillance system, NOEL and THOMAS did not 
perform either the 3 a.m. or the 5 a.m. counts. NOEL and THOMAS 
nonetheless completed and signed count slips for both counts that 
falsely stated that they had performed the 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. 
institutional counts. In reliance on those falsified count slips, 
EFTA00010977
--- PAGE 11 ---
at approximately 3:24 a.m. and 5:30 a.m., the Control Center 
cleared the 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. counts, respectively. 
23. Moreover, despite the requirement that officers on 
duty in the SHU conduct and document regular, 30-minute rounds, 
TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, did not perform any 
of the required 30-minute rounds during their shift between 
approximately 12 a.m. and 6:30 a.m. Nonetheless, NOEL completed 
and signed more than 75 separate 30-minute round entries falsely 
affirming that they had, in fact, conducted such rounds. 
24. During the night, instead of completing the 
required counts and rounds, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the 
defendants, were seated at the correctional officers' desk in the 
SHU common area (as noted above, approximately 15 feet from 
Epstein's cell), used the computers, and moved around the SHU 
common area. For a period of approximately two hours, NOEL and 
THOMAS sat at their desk without moving, and appeared to have been 
asleep. NOEL used the computer periodically throughout the night, 
including to search the internet for furniture sales and benefit 
websites. THOMAS used the computer briefly around 1 a.m., 4 a.m., 
and 6 a.m. to search for motorcycle sales and sports news. 
25. At approximately 4 a.m., the overnight supervisor 
briefly visited NOEL and THOMAS in the SHU, and conferred with 
NOEL and THOMAS, who were seated at and around the officers' desk, 
EFTA00010978
--- PAGE 12 ---
before leaving. At approximately 5:30 a.m., another correctional 
officer briefly walked through the SHU common area. Aside from 
those two officers, as confirmed by video surveillance, no one 
else entered the SHU, no one conducted any counts or rounds 
throughout the night, and no one entered the tier in which Epstein 
was housed. 
26. Shortly after 6 a.m. on August 10, 2019, MICHAEL 
THOMAS and TOVA NOEL, the defendants, received a delivery of 
breakfast carts into the SHU, after which time they were again the 
only officers in the SHU. Shortly after 6:30 a.m., NOEL and THOMAS 
walked up to and entered the tier in which Epstein was housed to 
serve breakfast. 
At approximately 6:33 a.m., an alarm was 
activated in the SHU. 
Epstein was alone in his cell and not 
responsive, with a noose around his neck. A supervisor who had 
just started his shift ("Supervisor-1") responded to the alarm 
almost immediately thereafter, and as NOEL approached the door to 
the SHU to open the door for Supervisor-1, NOEL told Supervisor-1 
that "Epstein hung himself." 
After arriving in the SHU, 
Supervisor-1 spoke with THOMAS and NOEL. NOEL told Supervisor-1 
"we did not complete the 3am nor 5 am rounds." THOMAS stated, "we 
messed up," and "I messed up, she's not to blame, we didn't do any 
rounds." 
EFTA00010979
--- PAGE 13 ---
27. Epstein was transferred to a local hospital where 
he was declared dead shortly thereafter. The Office of the Chief 
Medical Examiner of the City of New York conducted an autopsy and 
determined that Epstein had committed suicide by hanging himself. 
STATUTORY ALLEGATIONS 
COUNT ONE 
(Conspiracy) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
28. The 
Grand 
Jury 
incorporates 
the 
allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 27 of this Indictment as though 
fully set forth herein. 
29. In or about August 2019, in the Southern District of 
New York, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, knowingly 
conspired with each other to: 
a. 
Knowingly defraud 
the 
United 
States 
by 
impairing, obstructing, and defeating the lawful functions of a 
department or agency of the United States, to wit, the MCC's 
function to ensure the care, custody, and control of its inmate 
population. 
b. 
Knowingly make and use a false writing or 
document knowing the same to contain a materially false, 
fictitious, and fraudulent statement and entry with the intent to 
impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper 
administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any 
EFTA00010980
--- PAGE 14 ---
department or agency of the United States, in violation of Title 
18, United States Code, Section 1001 (a)(3). 
30. In furtherance of the conspiracy and to effect the 
illegal objects thereof, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the 
defendants, committed the following overt acts, among others, in 
the Southern District of New York: 
a. On August 10, 2019, NOEL and THOMAS falsely 
certified, on an MCC count slip, that they had performed the 12 
a.m. institutional count of the SHU, when they had not in fact 
done so. 
b. On August 10, 2019, NOEL and THOMAS falsely 
certified, on an MCC count slip, that they had performed the 3 
a.m. institutional count of the SHU, when they had not in fact 
done so. 
c. On August 10, 2019, NOEL and THOMAS falsely 
certified that they had performed the 5 a.m. institutional count 
of the SHU at MCC, when they had not in fact done so. 
d. On August 10, 2019, NOEL falsely certified that 
she and THOMAS had performed a series of 30-minute rounds of the 
SHU between 12 a.m. and 6:30 a.m., when they had not in fact done 
so. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 371) 
EFTA00010981
--- PAGE 15 ---
COUNT TWO 
(False Records - 4 p.m. Count) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
31. The 
Grand 
Jury 
incorporates 
the 
allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 27 of this Indictment as though 
fully set forth herein. 
32. On or about August 9, 2019, in the Southern District 
of New York, TOVA NOEL, the defendant, willfully and knowingly did 
make and use a false writing or document knowing the same to 
contain a materially false, fictitious, and fraudulent statement 
and entry with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the 
investigation or proper administration of any matter within the 
jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States, and 
did attempt to do the same, to wit, NOEL created, signed, and 
submitted to the MCC a materially false count slip indicating that 
she had performed the 4 p.m. institutional count of the SHU, when 
she had not in fact done so. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1001(a) (3) and 2) 
COUNT THREE 
(False Records - 10 p.m. Count) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
33. The 
Grand 
Jury 
incorporates 
the 
allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 27 of this Indictment as though 
fully set forth herein. 
EFTA00010982
--- PAGE 16 ---
34. On or about August 9, 2019, in the Southern District 
of New York, TOVA NOEL, the defendant, willfully and knowingly did 
make and use a false writing or document knowing the same to 
contain a materially false, fictitious, and fraudulent statement 
and entry with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the 
investigation or proper administration of any matter within the 
jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States, and 
did attempt to do the same, to wit, NOEL created, signed, and 
submitted to the MCC a materially false count slip indicating that 
she had performed the 10 p.m. institutional count of the SHU, when 
she had not in fact done so. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1001(a) (3) and 2) 
COUNT FOUR 
(False Records - 12 a.m. Count) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
35. The 
Grand 
Jury 
incorporates 
the 
allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 27 of this Indictment as though 
fully set forth herein. 
36. On or about August 10, 2019, in the Southern 
District of New York, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, 
willfully and knowingly did make and use a false writing or 
document knowing the same to contain a materially false, 
fictitious, and fraudulent statement and entry with the intent to 
impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper 
EFTA00010983
--- PAGE 17 ---
administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any 
department or agency of the United States, and did attempt to do 
the same, to wit, NOEL and THOMAS created, signed, and submitted 
to the MCC a materially false count slip indicating that they had 
performed the 12 a.m. institutional count of the SHU, when they 
had not in fact done so. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1001(a) (3) and 2) 
COUNT FIVE 
(False Records - 3 a.m. Count) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
37. The 
Grand 
Jury 
incorporates 
the 
allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 27 of this Indictment as though 
fully set forth herein. 
38. On or about August 10, 2019, in the Southern 
District of New York, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, 
willfully and knowingly did make and use a false writing or 
document knowing the same to contain a materially false, 
fictitious, and fraudulent statement and entry with the intent to 
impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper 
administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any 
department or agency of the United States, and did attempt to do 
the same, to wit, NOEL and THOMAS created, signed, and submitted 
to the MCC a materially false count slip indicating that they had 
EFTA00010984
--- PAGE 18 ---
performed the 3 a.m. institutional count of the SHU, when they had 
not in fact done so. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1001(a)(3) and 2) 
COUNT SIX 
(False Records - 5 a.m. Count) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
39. The 
Grand 
Jury 
incorporates 
the 
allegations 
contained in paragraphs 1 through 27 of this Indictment as though 
fully set forth herein. 
40. On or about August 10, 2019, in the Southern 
District of New York, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, 
willfully and knowingly did make and use a false writing or 
document knowing the same to contain a materially false, 
fictitious, and fraudulent statement and entry with the intent to 
impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper 
administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any 
department or agency of the United States, and did attempt to do 
the same, to wit, NOEL and THOMAS created, signed, and submitted 
to the MCC a materially false count slip that that reflected that 
they had performed the 5 a.m. institutional count of the SHU, when 
they had not in fact done so. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1001(a)(3) and 2) 
EFTA00010985
--- PAGE 19 ---
FOREPERSON 
GEOFFREY S. BERMAN 
United States Attorney 
EFTA00010986
--- PAGE 20 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
TOVA NOEL and 
MICHAEL THOMAS, 
Defendants. 
INDICTMENT
Cr. 
Title 18, United States Code, 
Sections 371, 1001(a) (3), and 2. 
GEOFFREY S. BERMAN 
United States Attorney 
A TRUE BILL 
Foreperson. 
EFTA00010987


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010988.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010988.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
y• „cl 
To: ."
.FLS)" 
ctl 
 >, 
(USAFLS)" 
Subject: RE: Scanning project for SDNY 
Date: Tue, 15 Sep 2020 14:32:40 +0000 
Thanks so much, and no problem. I'll send an email connecting 
with 
shortly. And yes, if that's ok, our 
preference would be to let them pick up the materials, so thank you very much for that. 
Best, 
From: 
(USAFLS) 
Sent: Tuesday, September 15, 2020 10:31 AM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Scanning project for SDNY 
(USAFLS) cza 
Let me loop 
Weddle in. 
has been handling the files on our end. If your preference is that we have them 
pick up the materials, we can arrange a time for them to meet at the office. 
Sorry, I did not get back to you earlier. 
Best regards, 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, September 15, 2020 10:28 AM 
To: 
(USAFLS) 
Subject: RE: Scanning project for SDNY 
Good morning, 
from Melkin Solutions will be the point of contact for this project. Who should I connect her with in 
your office to coordinate the scanning project? 
Thanks very much, 
s Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
I St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00010988
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: 
Sent: Friday, September 11, 2020 8:23 PM 
To: 
(USAFLS) 
Subject: Scanning project for SDNY 
Hi 
Our budget office has approved payment from SDNY to Melkin Solutions to complete the scanning of the 28 Epstein-
related boxes in SDFL. How should I go about coordinating so that the vendor can get access to the boxes to scan them? 
The vendor indicated that it would be much faster if they could be permitted to take the boxes to their office for 
processing. Would your office be willing to permit that? We are hoping to get these scans completed as soon as possible, 
so we would be very grateful if there's any way to help expedite the process. 
Please feel free to call my cell at 
Thanks so much for your help. 
Best, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
I St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York. NY 
if it would be useful to discuss over the phone. 
EFTA00010989


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010990.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010990.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Bcc: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
"USANYS-ALL EMPLOYEES" <usanys-allemployees®usa.doj.gov> 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL CHARGED IN MANHATTAN FEDERAL COURT FOR 
CONSPIRING WITH JEFFREY EPSTEIN TO SEXUALLY ABUSE MINORS 
Thu, 02 Jul 2020 17:21:59 +0000 
U.S._v._Ghislaine_Maxwell_Indictment.pdf; Ghislaine_Maxwell_Indictment_PR.pdf 
image001.png 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY'S OFFICE 
Southern District of New York 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL CHARGED IN MANHATTAN FEDERAL COURT FOR 
CONSPIRING WITH JEFFREY EPSTEIN TO SEXUALLY ABUSE MINORS 
Maxwell is Alleged to Have Facilita- ted, Participated in Acts of Abuse 
Additionally Charged With Perjury in Connection With 2016 Depositions 
Audrey Strauss, the Acting United States Attorney- for the Southern District of New York, William F. 
Sweeney Jr., the Assistant Director-in-Charge of the New York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation ("FBI"), and Dermot Shea, Commissioner of the New York City Police Department ("NYPD"), 
announced that GHISLANE MAXWELL was arrested this morning and charged with enticing a minor to travel 
to engage in criminal sexual activity, transporting a minor with the intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, 
conspiracy to commit both of those offenses, and perjury in connection with a sworn deposition. The Indictment 
unsealed today alleges that between at least in or about 1994 through 1997, MAXWELL and co-conspirator 
Jeffrey Epstein exploited girls as young as 14, including by enticing them to travel and transporting them for the 
purpose of engaging in illegal sex acts. As alleged, knowing that Epstein had a preference for young girls, 
MAXWELL played a critical role in the grooming and abuse of minor victims that took place in locations 
including New York, Florida, and New Mexico. In addition, as alleged, MAXWELL made several false 
statements in sworn depositions in 2016. MAXWELL is expected to be presented this afternoon in the in federal 
court in New Hampshire. This case is assigned to U.S. District Judge Alison J. Nathan. 
Acting U.S. Attorney Audrey Strauss said: "As alleged, Ghislaine Maxwell facilitated, aided, and 
participated in acts of sexual abuse of minors. Maxwell enticed minor girls, got them to trust her, and then 
delivered them into the trap that she and Jeffrey Epstein had set. She pretended to be a woman they could trust. 
All the while, she was setting them up to be abused sexually by Epstein and, in some cases, Maxwell herself. 
Today, after many years, Ghislaine Maxwell finally stands charged for her role in these crimes." 
FBI Assistant Director William F. Sweeney Jr. said: "Preserving the innocence of children is among the 
most important responsibilities we carry as adults. Like Epstein, Ms. Maxwell chose to blatantly disregard the 
law and her responsibility as an adult, using whatever means she had at her disposal to lure vulnerable youth into 
behavior they should never have been exposed to, creating the potential for lasting harm. We know the quest for 
EFTA00010990
--- PAGE 2 ---
justice has been met with great disappointment for the victims, and that reliving these events is traumatic. The 
example set by the women involved has been a powerful one. They persevered against the rich and connected, 
and they did so without a badge, a gun, or a subpoena - and they stood together. I have no doubt the bravery 
exhibited by the women involved here has empowered others to speak up about the crimes of which they've been 
subjected." 
NYPD Commissioner Dermot Shea said: "The heinous crimes these charges allege are, and always will 
be abhorrent for the lasting trauma they inflict on victims. I commend our investigators, and law enforcement 
partners, for their continuing commitment to bringing justice to the survivors of sexual assault, everywhere." 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
the FBI at 1-800-CALL FBI, and reference this case. 
According to the Indictment[ 11 unsealed today in Manhattan federal court: 
From at least 1994 through at least 1997, GHISLAINE MAXWELL assisted, facilitated, and participated 
in Jeffrey Epstein's abuse of minor girls by, among other things, helping Jeffrey Epstein to recruit, groom, and 
ultimately abuse victims known to MAXWELL and Epstein to be under the age of 18. The victims were as 
young as 14 years old when they were groomed and abused by MAXWELL and Epstein, both of whom knew 
that their victims were in fact minors. As a part and in furtherance of their scheme to abuse minor victims, 
MAXWELL and Epstein enticed and caused minor victims to travel to Epstein's residences in different states, 
which MAXWELL knew and intended would result in their grooming for and subjection to sexual abuse. 
As alleged, MAXWELL enticed and groomed minor girls to be abused in multiple ways. For example, 
MAXWELL attempted to befriend certain victims by asking them about their lives, taking them to the movies or 
taking them on shopping trips, and encouraging their interactions with Epstein. MAXWELL also acclimated 
victims to Epstein's conduct simply by being present for victim interactions with Epstein, which put victims at 
ease by providing the assurance and comfort of an adult woman who seemingly approved of Epstein's behavior. 
Additionally, to make victims feel indebted to Epstein, MAXWELL would encourage victims to accept offers of 
financial assistance from Epstein, including offers to pay for travel or educational expenses. MAXWELL also 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
Epstein, and undressing in front of a victim. 
As MAXWELL and Epstein intended, these grooming behaviors left minor victims vulnerable and 
susceptible to sexual abuse by Epstein. MAXWELL was then present for certain sexual encounters between 
minor victims and Epstein, such as interactions where a minor victim was undressed, and ultimately MAXWELL 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
involving a minor victim where MAXWELL was present. 
As alleged, minor victims were subjected to sexual abuse that included, among other things, the touching 
of a victim's breasts or genitals, placing a sex toy such a vibrator on a victim's genitals, directing a victim to 
touch Epstein while he masturbated, and directing a victim to touch Epstein's genitals. MAXWELL and 
Epstein's victims were groomed or abused at Epstein's residences in New York, Florida, and New Mexico, as 
well as MAXWELL's residence in London, England. 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
false statements, including about certain specific acts and events alleged in the Indictment. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 58, is charged with one count of enticing a minor to travel to engage in illegal 
sex acts, which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison, one count of conspiracy to entice a minor to 
travel to engage in illegal sex acts, which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison, one count of 
transporting a minor with the intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, which carries a maximum sentence of 
EFTA00010991
--- PAGE 3 ---
years in prison, one count of conspiracy to transport a minor with the intent to engage in criminal sexual 
activity, which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison, and two counts of petjury, each of which 
carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison. 
The statutory maximum penalties are prescribed by Congress and are provided here for informational 
purposes only, as any sentencing of the defendant would be determined by the judge. 
Ms. Strauss praised the outstanding investigative work of the FBI and the NYPD. 
This case is being handled by the Office's Public Corruption Unit. Assistant U.S. Attorneys 
and 
are in charge of the prosecution. 
The charges contained in the Indictment are merely accusations. The defendant is presumed innocent 
unless and until proven guilty. 
20-138 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
AT (212) 637-2600. 
Follow us on Facebook 'Follow us on Twitter ISDNY website IYouTube 
[1] As the introductory phrase signifies, the entirety of the text of the Indictment, and the description of the Indictment set forth herein, 
constitute only allegations, and every fact described therein should be treated as an allegation. The defendant is presumed innocent 
unless and until proven guilty. 
EFTA00010992


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00010993.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00010993.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
x 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
X 
SEALED 
INDICTMENT 
Cr. 
Cr. 330 
COUNT ONE 
(Conspiracy to Entice Minors to Travel to Engage in 
Illegal Sex Acts) 
The Grand Jury charges: 
OVERVIEW 
1. 
The charges set forth herein stem from the role 
of GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, in the sexual exploitation 
and abuse of multiple minor girls by Jeffrey Epstein. In 
particular, from at least in or about 1994, up to and including 
at least in or about 1997, MAXWELL assisted, facilitated, and 
contributed to Jeffrey Epstein's abuse of minor girls by, among 
other things, helping Epstein to recruit, groom, and ultimately 
abuse victims known to MAXWELL and Epstein to be under the age 
of 18. The victims were as young as 14 years old when they were 
groomed and abused by MAXWELL and Epstein, both of whom knew 
that certain victims were in fact under the age of 18. 
2. 
As a part and in furtherance of their scheme to 
abuse minor victims, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, and 
Jeffrey Epstein enticed and caused minor victims to travel to 
EFTA00010993
--- PAGE 2 ---
Epstein's residences in different states, which MAXWELL knew and 
intended would result in their grooming for and subjection to 
sexual abuse. Moreover, in an effort to conceal her crimes, 
MAXWELL repeatedly lied when questioned about her conduct, 
including in relation to some of the minor victims described 
herein, when providing testimony under oath in 2016. 
FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
3. 
During the time periods charged in this 
Indictment, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, had a personal and 
professional relationship with Jeffrey Epstein and was among his 
closest associates. In particular, between in or about 1994 and 
in or about 1997, MAXWELL was in an intimate relationship with 
Epstein and also was paid by Epstein to manage his various 
properties. Over the course of their relationship, MAXWELL and 
Epstein were photographed together on multiple occasions, 
including in the below image: 
EFTA00010994
--- PAGE 3 ---
4. 
Beginning in at least 1994, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
the defendant, enticed and groomed multiple minor girls to 
engage in sex acts with Jeffrey Epstein, through a variety of 
means and methods, including but not limited to the following: 
a. 
MAXWELL first attempted to befriend some of 
Epstein's minor victims prior to their abuse, including by 
asking the victims about their lives, their schools, and their 
families. MAXWELL and Epstein would spend time building 
friendships with minor victims by, for example, taking minor 
victims to the movies or shopping. Some of these outings would 
involve MAXWELL and Epstein spending time together with a minor 
victim, while some would involve MAXWELL or Epstein spending 
time alone with a minor victim. 
b. 
Having developed a rapport with a victim, 
MAXWELL would try to normalize sexual abuse for a minor victim 
by, among other things, discussing sexual topics, undressing in 
front of the victim, being present when a minor victim was 
undressed, and/or being present for sex acts involving the minor 
victim and Epstein. 
c. 
MAXWELL'S presence during minor victims' 
interactions with Epstein, including interactions where the 
minor victim was undressed or that involved sex acts with 
Epstein, helped put the victims at ease because an adult woman 
was present. For example, in some instances, MAXWELL would 
EFTA00010995
--- PAGE 4 ---
massage Epstein in front of a minor victim. In other instances, 
MAXWELL encouraged minor victims to provide massages to Epstein, 
including sexualized massages during which a minor victim would 
be fully or partially nude. Many of those massages resulted in 
Epstein sexually abusing the minor victims. 
d. 
In addition, Epstein offered to help some 
minor victims by paying for travel and/or educational 
opportunities, and MAXWELL encouraged certain victims to accept 
Epstein's assistance. As a result, victims were made to feel 
indebted and believed that MAXWELL and Epstein were trying to 
help them. 
e. 
Through this process, MAXWELL and Epstein 
enticed victims to engage in sexual activity with Epstein. In 
some instances, MAXWELL was present for and participated in the 
sexual abuse of minor victims. Some such incidents occurred in 
the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 
5. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, facilitated 
Jeffrey Epstein's access to minor victims knowing that he had a 
sexual preference for underage girls and that he intended to 
engage in sexual activity with those victims. Epstein's 
resulting abuse of minor victims included, among other things, 
touching a victim's breast, touching a victim's genitals, 
placing a sex toy such as a vibrator on a victim's genitals, 
EFTA00010996
--- PAGE 5 ---
directing a victim to touch Epstein while he masturbated, and 
directing a victim to touch Epstein's genitals. 
MAXWELL AND EPSTEIN'S VICTIMS 
6. 
Between approximately in or about 1994 and in or 
about 1997, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, facilitated 
Jeffrey Epstein's access to minor victims by, among other 
things, inducing and enticing, and aiding and abetting the 
inducement and enticement of, multiple minor victims. Victims 
were groomed and/or abused at multiple locations, including the 
following: 
a. 
A a multi-story private residence on the 
Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York owned by Epstein (the 
"New York Residence"), which is depicted in the following 
photograph: 
EFTA00010997
--- PAGE 6 ---
b. 
An estate in Palm Beach, Florida owned by 
Epstein (the "Palm Beach Residence"), which is depicted in the 
following photograph: 
c. 
A ranch in Santa Fe, New Mexico owned by 
Epstein (the "New Mexico Residence"), which is depicted in the 
following photograph: 
EFTA00010998
--- PAGE 7 ---
d. 
MAXWELL's personal residence in London, 
England. 
7. 
Among the victims induced or enticed by GHISLAINE 
MAXWELL, the defendant, were minor victims identified herein as 
Minor Victim-1, Minor Victim-2, and Minor Victim-3. In 
particular, and during time periods relevant to this Indictment, 
MAXWELL engaged in the following acts, among others, with 
respect to minor victims: 
a. 
MAXWELL met Minor Victim-1 when Minor 
Victim-1 was approximately 14 years old. MAXWELL subsequently 
interacted with Minor Victim-1 on multiple occasions at 
Epstein's residences, knowing that Minor Victim-1 was under the 
age of 18 at the time. During these interactions, which took 
place between approximately 1994 and 1997, MAXWELL groomed Minor 
Victim-1 to engage in sexual acts with Epstein through multiple 
means. First, MAXWELL and Epstein attempted to befriend Minor 
Victim-1, taking her to the movies and on shopping trips. 
MAXWELL also asked Minor Victim-1 about school, her classes, her 
family, and other aspects of her life. MAXWELL then sought to 
normalize inappropriate and abusive conduct by, among other 
things, undressing in front of Minor Victim-1 and being present 
when Minor Victim-1 undressed ih front of Epstein. Within the 
first year after MAXWELL and Epstein met Minor Victim-1, Epstein 
began sexually abusing Minor Victim-1. MAXWELL was present for 
EFTA00010999
--- PAGE 8 ---
and involved in some of this abuse. In particular, MAXWELL 
involved Minor Victim-1 in group sexualized massages of Epstein. 
During those group sexualized massages, MAXWELL and/or Minor 
Victim-1 would engage in sex acts with Epstein. Epstein and 
MAXWELL both encouraged Minor Victim-1 to travel to Epstein's 
residences in both New York and Florida. As a result, Minor 
Victim-1 was sexually abused by Epstein in both New York and 
Florida. Minor Victim-1 was enticed to travel across state 
lines for the purpose of sexual encounters with Epstein, and 
MAXWELL was aware that Epstein engaged in sexual activity with 
Minor Victim-1 after Minor-Victim-1 traveled to Epstein's 
properties, including in the context of a sexualized massage. 
b. 
MAXWELL interacted with Minor Victim-2 on at 
least one occasion in or about 1996 at Epstein's residence in 
New Mexico when Minor Victim-2 was under the age of 18. Minor 
Victim-2 had flown into New Mexico from out of state at 
Epstein's invitation for the purpose of being groomed for and/or 
subjected to acts of sexual abuse. MAXWELL knew that Minor 
Victim-2 was under the age of 18 at the time. While in New 
Mexico, MAXWELL and Epstein took Minor Victim-2 to a movie and 
MAXWELL took Minor Victim-2 shopping. MAXWELL also discussed 
Minor Victim-2's school, classes, and family with Minor Victim-
2. In New Mexico, MAXWELL began her efforts to groom Minor 
Victim-2 for abuse by Epstein by, among other things, providing 
EFTA00011000
--- PAGE 9 ---
an unsolicited massage to Minor Victim-2, during which Minor 
Victim-2 was topless. MAXWELL also encouraged Minor Victim-2 to 
massage Epstein. 
c. 
MAXWELL groomed and befriended Minor 
Victim-3 in London, England between approximately 1994 and 1995, 
including during a period of time in which MAXWELL knew that 
Minor Victim-3 was under the age of 18. Among other things, 
MAXWELL discussed Minor Victim-3's life and family with Minor 
Victim-3. MAXWELL introduced Minor Victim-3 to Epstein and 
arranged for multiple interactions between Minor Victim-3 and 
Epstein. During those interactions, MAXWELL encouraged Minor 
Victim-3 to massage Epstein, knowing that Epstein would engage 
in sex acts with Minor Victim-3 during those massages. Minor 
Victim-3 provided Epstein with the requested massages, and 
during those massages, Epstein sexually abused Minor Victim-3. 
MAXWELL was aware that Epstein engaged in sexual activity with 
Minor Victim-3 on multiple occasions, including at times when 
Minor Victim-3 was under the age of 18, including in the context 
of a sexualized massage. 
MAXWELL'S EFFORTS TO CONCEAL HER CONDUCT 
8. 
In or around 2016, in the context of a deposition 
as part of civil litigation, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, 
repeatedly provided false and perjurious statements, under oath, 
regarding, among other subjects, her role in facilitating the 
EFTA00011001
--- PAGE 10 ---
abuse of minor victims by Jeffrey Epstein, including some of the 
specific events and acts of abuse detailed above. 
STATUTORY ALLEGATIONS 
9. 
From at least in or about 1994, up to and 
including in or about 1997, in the Southern District of New York 
and elsewhere, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and others known and unknown, willfully and knowingly 
did combine, conspire, confederate, and agree together and with 
each other to commit an offense against the United States, to 
wit, enticement, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, 
Section 2422. 
10. It was a part and object of the conspiracy that 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and others 
known and unknown, would and did knowingly persuade, induce, 
entice, and coerce one and more individuals to travel in 
interstate and foreign commerce, to engage in sexual activity 
for which a person can be charged with a criminal offense, in 
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2422. 
Overt Acts 
11. In furtherance of the conspiracy and to effect 
the illegal object thereof, the following overt acts, among 
others, were committed in the Southern District of New York and 
elsewhere: 
EFTA00011002
--- PAGE 11 ---
a. 
Between in or about 1994 and in or about 
1997, when Minor Victim-1 was under the age of 18, MAXWELL 
participated in multiple group sexual encounters with Epstein 
and Minor Victim-1 in New York and Florida. 
b. 
In or about 1996, when Minor Victim-1 was 
under the age of 18, Minor Victim-1 was enticed to travel from 
Florida to New York for purposes of sexually abusing her at the 
New York Residence, in violation of New York Penal Law, Section 
130.55. 
c. 
In or about 1996, when Minor Victim-2 was 
under the age of 18, MAXWELL provided Minor Victim-2 with an 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
was topless. 
d. 
Between in or about 1994 and in or about 
1995, when Minor Victim-3 was under the age of 18, MAXWELL 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
London, England, knowing that Epstein intended to sexually abuse 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 371.) 
COUNT TWO 
(Enticement of a Minor to Travel to Engage in Illegal Sex Acts) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
12. The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 
EFTA00011003
--- PAGE 12 ---
13. From at least in or about 1994, up to and 
including in or about 1997, in the Southern District of New York 
and elsewhere, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, knowingly did 
persuade, induce, entice, and coerce an individual to travel in 
interstate and foreign commerce to engage in sexual activity for 
which a person can be charged with a criminal offense, and 
attempted to do the same, and aided and abetted the same, to 
wit, MAXWELL persuaded, induced, enticed, and coerced Minor 
Victim-1 to travel from Florida to New York, New York on 
multiple occasions with the intention that Minor Victim-1 would 
engage in one or more sex acts with Jeffrey Epstein, in 
violation of New York Penal Law, Section 130.55. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 2422 and 2.) 
COUNT THREE 
(Conspiracy to Transport Minors with Intent to 
Engage in Criminal Sexual Activity) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
14. The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 
15. From at least in or about 1994, up to and 
including in or about 1997, in the Southern District of New York 
and elsewhere, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and others known and unknown, willfully and knowingly 
did combine, conspire, confederate, and agree together and with 
each other to commit an offense against the United States, to 
EFTA00011004
--- PAGE 13 ---
wit, transportation of minors, in violation of Title 18, United 
States Code, Section 2423(a). 
16. It was a part and object of the conspiracy that 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and others 
known and unknown, would and did, knowingly transport an 
individual who had not attained the age of 18 in interstate and 
foreign commerce, with intent that the individual engage in 
sexual activity for which a person can be charged with a 
criminal offense, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, 
Section 2423(a). 
Overt Acts 
17. In furtherance of the conspiracy and to effect 
the illegal object thereof, the following overt acts, among 
others, were committed in the Southern District of New York and 
elsewhere: 
a. 
Between in or about 1994 and in or about 
1997, when Minor Victim-1 was under the age of 18, MAXWELL 
participated in multiple group sexual encounters with EPSTEIN 
and Minor Victim-1 in New York and Florida. 
b. 
In or about 1996, when Minor Victim-1 was 
under the age of 18, Minor Victim-1 was enticed to travel from 
Florida to New York for purposes of sexually abusing her at the 
EFTA00011005
--- PAGE 14 ---
New York Residence, in violation of New York Penal Law, Section 
130.55. 
c. 
In or about 1996, when Minor Victim-2 was 
under the age of 18, MAXWELL provided Minor Victim-2 with an 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
was topless. 
d. 
Between in or about 1994 and in or about 
1995, when Minor Victim-3 was under the age of 18, MAXWELL 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
London, England, knowing that Epstein intended to sexually abuse 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 371.) 
COUNT FOUR 
(Transportation of a Minor with Intent to 
Engage in Criminal Sexual Activity) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
18. The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 
19. From at least in or about 1994, up to and 
including in or about 1997, in the Southern District of New York 
and elsewhere, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, knowingly did 
transport an individual who had not attained the age of 18 in 
interstate and foreign commerce, with the intent that the 
individual engage in sexual activity for which a person can be 
charged with a criminal offense, and attempted to do so, and 
EFTA00011006
--- PAGE 15 ---
aided and abetted the same, to wit, MAXWELL arranged for Minor 
Victim-1 to be transported from Florida to New York, New York on 
multiple occasions with the intention that Minor Victim-1 would 
engage in one or more sex acts with Jeffrey Epstein, in 
violation of New York Penal Law, Section 130.55. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 2423(a) and 2.) 
COUNT FIVE 
(Perjury) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
20. The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 
21. On or about April 22, 2016, in the Southern 
District of New York, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, having 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
connection with a case then pending before the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York under 
docket number 15 Civ. 7344, knowingly made false material 
declarations, to wit, MAXWELL gave the following underlined 
false testimony: 
Q. 
Did Jeffrey Epstein have a scheme to recruit 
underage girls for sexual massages? If you know. 
A. 
I don't know what you're talking about. 
EFTA00011007
--- PAGE 16 ---
Q. 
List all the people under the age of 18 that you 
interacted with at any of Jeffrey's properties? 
A. 
I'm not aware of anybody that I interacted with, 
other than obviously [the plaintiff) who was 17 
at this point. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 1623.) 
COUNT SIX 
(Perjury) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
22. The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 
23. On or about July 22, 2016, in the Southern 
District of New York, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, having 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
connection with a case then pending before the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York under 
docket number 15 Civ. 7344, knowingly made false material 
declarations, to wit, MAXWELL gave the following underlined 
false testimony: 
Q: 
Were you aware of the presence of sex toys or 
devices used in sexual activities in Mr. 
Epstein's Palm Beach house? 
A: 
No, not that I recall. . . . 
Q. 
Do you know whether Mr. Epstein possessed sex 
toys or devices used in sexual activities? 
A. 
No. 
EFTA00011008
--- PAGE 17 ---
Q. 
Other than yourself and the blond and brunette 
that you have identified as having been involved 
in three-way sexual activities, with whom did Mr. 
Epstein have sexual activities? 
A. 
I wasn't aware that he was having sexual 
activities with anyone when I was with him other 
than myself. 
Q. 
I want to be sure that I'm clear. Is it your 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were 
not aware that Mr. Epstein was having sexual 
activities with anyone other than yourself and 
the blond and brunette on those few occasions 
when they were involved with you? 
A. 
That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Q. 
Is it your testimony that you've never given 
anybody a massage? 
A. 
I have not given anyone a massage. 
Q • 
You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that 
your testimony? 
A. 
That is my testimony. 
Q. 
You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your 
testimony? 
A. 
I never gave (Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 1623.) 
FraPERSON—
AUDREY S RAUSS 
Acting nited States Attorney 
EFTA00011009
--- PAGE 18 ---
Form No. USA-33s-274 (Ed. 9-25-58) 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
INDICTMENT 
(18 U.S.C. §§ 371, 1623, 2422, 2423(a), 
and 2) 
AUDREY STRAUSS 
Acting United States Attorney 
Foreperson 
EFTA00011010


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011011.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011011.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
**** ************* *************** 
IN THE MATTER OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
) 
) 
PROBATE NO. ST-19-PB-80 
o 
e-• 
) 
4--  
7-..73 
Deceased. 
) 
ACTION FOR TESTATE 
) 
ADMINISTRATION 
rs,
EXPEDITED MOTION FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF 
A VOLUNTARY CLAIMS RESOLUTION PROGRAM 
COME NOW the Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the "Estate"), 
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, and move this Honorable Court for an 
expedited order to establish an independent and voluntary claims resolution program (the 
"Program") for purposes of resolving sexual abuse claims against Jeffrey E. Epstein, deceased, as 
more fully described infra. As contemplated by the Co-Executors, the Program would provide all 
eligible claimants an opportunity to receive compensation and voluntarily resolve their claims of 
sexual abuse against Mr. Epstein through a confidential, non-adversarial alternative to litigation. 
To be designed and implemented by independent, nationally recognized claims administration 
experts, with input from interested parties including claimants and their representatives, the 
Program would seek to timely resolve these claims through a process that is sensitive to the 
experiences and concerns of claimants and treats them with compassion, dignity and respect. 
I. 
BACKGROUND 
As widely reported in the news media, multiple individuals have asserted or expressed their 
intent to assert claims of sexual abuse by Mr. Epstein (collectively, the "Sexual Abuse Claims"). 
To date, twelve lawsuits involving Sexual Abuse Claims have been filed in the state and federal 
courts of the State of New York, where claimants assert some of the complained-of conduct 
occurred, and which recently amended its statute of limitations to permit such claims. These 
EFTA00011011
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011012
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00011013
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00011014
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00011015
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00011016
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00011017
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00011018
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00011019
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00011020
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00011021
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00011022
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00011023


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011024.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011024.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Strauss, Audrey (USANYS)" <1 
To: 
(USANYS)" < 
> 
Subject: Bruce Green/Judge Berman exchanged letters 
Date: Wed, 04 Sep 2019 20:53:15 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: Professor_Green_letter,_19_Cr._490.pdf; Judge_Berman_Ietter,_19_Cr._490.pdf 
Ted reports that both letters have been docketed. 
From 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Wednesday, September 4, 2019 4:48 PM 
To: Strauss, Audrey (USANYS) 
Subject: 
II
> 
Co-Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of New York 
Tel. 
EFTA00011024


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011025.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011025.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 55 Filed 09/04/19 Page 1 of 1 
FORDHAM 
University 
Lincoln Center, 150 West 62nd S 
Bruce A. Green 
Louis Stein Chair 
-74}t5 
USDC SDNY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC 111 
DATE FILED: 1 
Hon. Richard M. Berman 
U.S. District Court 
for the Southern District of New York 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan United States Courthouse 
500 Pearl Street 
New York, NY 10007-1312 
0, 2019 
School of Law 
Phone: 212.636-6851 
Fax: 212-636-6899 
bgreett@law.fordhantedu 
ECIE11 
SEP (I-4 2019 
CHAMBERS OF 
RICHARD M. BERMAN 
u.s.D.J. 
re: 
United States v. Epstein. I :19-cr-00490-RMB 
Dear Judge Berman: 
Yesterday, I was provided a partial transcript of the August 27, 2019 hearing in the above-
captioned case, and lam writing to clarify the record. 
As you know, I co-authored a New York Law Journal article before the hearing. The transcript 
quotes the court, in pertinent pan, as follows with reference to me and the article: "On a somewhat more 
serious note, don't quote me on this, but it is my understanding that one of the authors of that article is 
himself counsel in one of the Epstein-related cases. I was surprised to learn that very recently. I'm 
certain it is true. I was also surprised that that aspect was not disclosed in the Law Journal." Later in the 
hearing, attorney David Boies made comments consistent with those of the court. 
Just to clear up the evident misunderstanding: I have never been counsel to Epstein or his estate 
or to anyone in an Epstein-related case. I did serve as an expert witness, by way of expert declaration, in 
support of Professor Dershowitz's motion to disqualify Mr. Boies and his law firm ha 
v. 
Dershowitz, 1:19-cv-03377 (SDNY), a pending defamation case that might be described as "Epstein-
related." My work as an expert witness, which concluded in June, did not involve my representation of, 
or advocacy on behalf of, Professor Dershowitz. I did not serve as counsel or as an advocate on 
anyone's behalf in co-authoring the law journal article. 
Very truly yours, 
Bruce A. Green 
cc: AUSA1 
Martin G. Weinberg, Esq.; Reid Weingarten, Esq.; David Boies, Esq. 
EFTA00011025


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011026.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011026.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 56 Filed 09/04/19 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE 
500 PEARL STREET 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10007 
(212)1308-0715 
CHAMBERS OF 
RICHARD M. BERMAN 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 
Bruce A. Green 
Louis Stein Chair 
Fordharn University School of Law 
150 West 62"d Street 
Room 7-168 
New York City, NY 10023 
Dear Professor Green, 
USDC SDNY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC It: 
DATE FILED: I 
September 4, 2019 
Thank you for your letter of August 30, 2019. I appreciate your taking the time to clarify 
the record. 
I learned that you had been "retained to provide opinions as an expert on legal ethics" in 
v. Dershowitz following the August 27, 2019 public hearing in US v. Epstein. I learned 
of your role in theaase 
by reading your affidavit, dated June 7, 2019, which includes 
your legal ethics opinion that David Boies should be disqualified from representing Ms. 
in that matter. As you are aware, both Mr. Boles and Ms. 
were invited to testify at the 
August 27, 2019 hearing. 
I remain surprised that your advocacy of Mr. Boles' disqualification from representing 
Ms. Guiffre (in a case obviously related to US v. Epstein) was not disclosed simultaneously with 
your August 26, 2019 Law Journal opinion piece entitled "The Judge in Epstein's Case Should 
Not Tum the Dismissal Into a Drama for the Victims." I am also surprised that you would find 
the August 27, 2019 public hearing to be an inappropriate occasion for transparency in light of 
Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 57 and the Crime Victims' Rights Act, 18 U.S.C. § 3771. 
You wrote: "This is an odd moment for transparency in a criminal case." 
EFTA00011026
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 56 Filed 09/04/19 Page 2 of 2 
Finally, it is unfortunate that your opinion piece may have been construed as an effort to 
chill Ms. a 
and Mr. Boies' right to be heard under 18 U.S.C. § 3771 at the August 27, 
2019 public hearing. You wrote: "[W]hatever informational interests the victims may have 
would be served by affording them a chance to attend the hearing, not by giving them a speaking 
role." 
Sincerely. 
Richard M. Berman 
U.S.D.J. 
cc: 
AU 
Martin G. Weinberg, Esq.; 
Reid Weingarten, Esq.; David Boies, Esq. 
EFTA00011027


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011028.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011028.pdf
----------------------------------------
Independent 
Epstein Victims' Compensation Program 
PROTOCOL 
DRAFT1
December 13, 2019 
I. 
Purpose and Overview 
The Epstein Victims' Compensation Program (the "Program") is a voluntary, independent Program that 
has been established to compensate and resolve the claims of victims/survivors of sexual abuse by Jeffrey 
Epstein ("Epstein"). 
The Estate of Jeffrey Epstein (the "Estate") has retained the services of nationally recognized claims 
administration experts Kenneth R. Feinberg, Camille S. Biros and Jordana H. Feldman to design the 
Program. Ms. Feldman will also serve as the Administrator of the Program (the "Administrator"). 
Through the Program, the Estate wishes to acknowledge the wrongs endured by victims/survivors and 
offer them an opportunity to voluntarily resolve their individual claims for such sexual abuse. 
The Program is governed by the following non-exclusive guiding principles: 
• The Program is purely voluntary. It does not affect any rights a victim may have 
unless and until the Claimant accepts the offered compensation and executes a 
Release. A Claimant may reject the offer of compensation and may stop participating 
in the Program and withdraw the claim at any time prior to execution of the Release. 
• The Program is independent and will in no way be administered, controlled or 
overseen by the Estate. The Administrator is responsible for all decisions relating to 
the review, processing and evaluation of individual claims submitted to the Program. 
The Administrator will have final, binding and exclusive authority to determine 
Claimant eligibility and the valuation of each eligible individual claim. Decisions of 
the Administrator made pursuant to this Protocol are not subject to review or 
modification in any way by the Estate or any other party or entity. 
• 
There is no cap or limitation on the aggregate amount of funds available to 
compensate all eligible Claimants or on the amount of compensation to be made to 
each individual Claimant. Each individual claim will be evaluated separately by the 
Administrator. The Administrator will determine, in her sole and exclusive discretion, 
issues of eligibility and the amount of compensation. 
' This document is a draft of the Protocol governing the Program and is subject to input from victims/survivors, their lawyers, 
other potentially interested parties, and representatives of the Estate. 
Wage 
EFTA00011028
--- PAGE 2 ---
• All Claimants will be treated with respect, dignity and fairness without regard to race, 
color, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, gender or disability. To ensure 
claims will be adjudicated fairly, the Administrator will manage the process so that 
all Claimants can equally access the Program's claim process. Individuals with 
disabilities will be given the opportunity to effectively communicate their claims and 
to request special process accommodations. 
The Program will be effective within 90 days of approval by the Superior Court of the U.S. Virgin Islands 
("Effective Date")2 and is available to all victims/survivors regardless of where they were harmed, when 
they were harmed, whether the claim is time-barred by the applicable statute of limitations, and whether 
they have previously filed a lawsuit against or settled with Epstein and/or the Estate. 
The exclusive claims period for filing a claim pursuant to this Protocol shall commence on the to-be-
determined Effective Date and shall conclude nine (9) months after that date ("Filing Deadline"). All 
individual claims filed with the Program must be postmarked within this period. 
II. 
Eligibility Requirements 
A. Eligibility Criteria 
The persons eligible to participate in this Program are individuals who allege they were sexually abused 
by Epstein. In addition, the following criteria apply: 
• 
The claim of sexual abuse must be directed against Epstein. 
• 
An individual whose claim is time-barred by the applicable statute of limitations may participate 
in the Program provided that other eligibility criteria are met. 
• 
An individual who previously entered into a settlement agreement resolving a claim of sexual 
abuse against Epstein may participate in the Program provided that other eligibility criteria are 
met. 
• 
An individual who allegedly assisted Epstein in procuring other victims/survivors may participate 
in the Program where there is a credible basis to determine that the individual acted under 
duress as a result of her own sexual abuse by Epstein, provided that other eligibility criteria are 
met. 
• 
If the Claimant chooses to accept the offered compensation, the Claimant must dismiss with 
prejudice any existing lawsuits or legal actions or claims filed against the Estate or related entities 
and/or individuals. The Claimant must provide proof of such dismissal along with or prior to the 
signed acceptance letter and executed Release in order to receive payment. 
The final version of the Protocol will include dates certain identifying the commencement date of the Program and 
registration and filing deadlines, as explained below. 
Wage 
EFTA00011029
--- PAGE 3 ---
B. Legal Representatives of Claimants 
An individual may file a claim on a victim's behalf where that individual has been granted legal authority 
to act in a representative capacity pursuant to appropriate law. The "Legal Representative" of an 
individual Claimant shall mean: (1) in the case of a Claimant who is currently a minor, a parent or legal 
guardian authorized by law to serve as the minor's legal representative; (2) in the case of an incompetent 
or legally incapacitated Claimant, a person who has been duly appointed as the Claimant's legal 
representative in accordance with applicable law; or (3) an attorney authorized to represent the Claimant 
for purposes of pursuing a claim through this Program. 
Legal Representatives must provide proper documentation demonstrating representative capacity. Such 
proof may include a power of attorney, documentation showing the individual's appointment as guardian 
or guardian ad litem, or a copy of a retainer agreement showing legal representation signed by both the 
Claimant and the attorney. 
Claims Administration - Submission, Evaluation and Determination 
A. Claims Submission Process 
Individuals who have filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim against Epstein and/or the Estate on or before 
the Effective Date will be sent a Claim Form and other relevant Program information, including 
Instructions for completion and submission of the Claim Form and a list of Frequently Asked Questions. 
Individuals who have not filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim against Epstein and/or the Estate on or 
before the Effective Date may register to participate in this Program on the Program's website at 
www.EpsteinVictimsCompensationProgram.com.3 To register, such individuals must complete a 
questionnaire setting forth their name, contact information, a summary description of the nature of the 
claim and other requested information. Upon registration, the Administrator will perform a preliminary 
review to consider if the individual is eligible to participate in the Program. If the Administrator deems 
that the individual is eligible to participate in the Program, she will then send that individual a Claim Form 
and other relevant Program information. 
Note: The fact that an individual is sent a Claim Form and other relevant Program information indicates 
that the Administrator has determined that such individual is eligible to participate in the Program. It 
does not indicate that the Administrator has determined that such individual is eligible to receive 
compensation. That determination is made only after a Claim Form and all required documentation has 
been submitted and evaluated by the Administrator. 
Registrations will be accepted by the Administrator from the Effective Date through a date that is 45 days 
prior to the Filing Deadline ("Registration Deadline"). It is important to note that the Registration Deadline 
is separate from, and precedes, the Filing Deadline. As explained above, all claims must be filed by the 
Filing Deadline. 
This website is in the process of being developed and is yet operational. 
Wage 
EFTA00011030
--- PAGE 4 ---
All Claim Forms must be completed and postmarked no later than the Filing Deadline. Claim Forms 
should be mailed via overnight courier (a pre-paid courier voucher will be included with each packet) to 
the Administrator at 
the following address 
or uploaded to the Program 
website at 
www.EosteinVictimsCompensationProgram.com:
Epstein Victims' Compensation Program 
Jordana H. Feldman, Administrator 
[Address - To Be Inserted] 
Claimants are invited to provide documentation identified in the Claim Form, and any other corroborating 
or supporting information sufficient to substantiate the claim, satisfy eligibility requirements, and allow 
the Administrator to review, process and evaluate the claim. If the claim is being presented by a Legal 
Representative, then the Legal Representative will be responsible for submitting the necessary 
documentation relating to the represented Claimant. 
Additional documentation may be requested at the discretion of the Administrator. Both the Claimant 
and the Estate will be afforded the opportunity to submit to the Administrator any information deemed 
relevant to the Administrator's evaluation and determination of the claim before the Administrator's final 
disposition of the claim. 
If a Claimant submits an incomplete or deficient claim, the Administrator will notify the Claimant, explain 
the additional information that is needed, and work with the Claimant or the Claimant's Legal 
Representative (where applicable) to assist in submitting a complete claim. 
B. Claims Evaluation and Determination 
Claims will be evaluated in the order in which they are received, with the Administrator evaluating each 
submitted individual claim in a prompt and fair manner. Claims will only be determined once all required 
documentation has been submitted to the Administrator 
1. Factors Considered in Evaluating Claims 
As to each individual claim, the Administrator will determine, in her sole discretion based upon all of the 
information available, whether the allegations of sexual abuse are credible. The Administrator will 
consider appropriate factors and corroborative support, including but not limited to: 
• 
The level of documentation, corroboration or other circumstantial evidence regarding the nature 
and extent of the abuse, the frequency, location and other details of the abuse, and the age of 
the victim at the time of the abuse. Non-exhaustive examples of such evidence include (i) 
medical 
or 
psychiatric 
counseling/therapy 
records 
relevant 
to 
the 
abuse, 
and 
(ii) contemporaneous written notification or other correspondence (e.g., letters, emails) of the 
abuse by the Claimant to law enforcement authorities, parents, friends or others. 
• 
Whether there exists any information and/or pertinent findings offered by the appropriate 
Office of the District Attorney or other law enforcement agency. 
4IPage 
EFTA00011031
--- PAGE 5 ---
• 
Whether the Administrator finds the claims of the individual to be credible after complete review 
of all relevant documentation and other evidence provided by the Claimant and the Estate. 
As to each individual claim, the Administrator will determine, in her sole discretion based upon all of the 
information available, the amount of compensation that should be offered to each eligible Claimant. The 
Administrator will consider appropriate factors and corroborative support, including but not limited to: 
• The nature, duration and extent of the sexual abuse suffered by the Claimant. 
• The age of the Claimant at the time of the sexual abuse. 
• The nature and extent of the Claimant's physical or psychological damage resulting from the 
sexual abuse, and the effect of the sexual abuse on the Claimant. 
• The credibility of the claim based upon all of the facts and circumstances, supporting 
documentation and corroborating evidence. 
• Whether the claim is time-barred under the applicable statute of limitations. 
• Whether the Claimant previously entered into a settlement agreement with Epstein and received 
a payment pursuant to such agreement. 
The Administrator will confidentially send the Claimant a compensation determination letter including the 
following: (1) the Administrator's eligibility decision regarding the claim; (2) the amount of compensation 
offered; (3) a Release to be signed by the Claimant if the Claimant accepts the offered compensation; and 
(4) a Payment Option Form. The Administrator's offer shall be valid for 60 days from the date of the 
compensation determination letter. 
The Administrator's determinations in this Program will not be binding on any potential criminal 
investigation involving the same or similar allegations or Claimant. 
2. Opportunities to be Heard 
The Claimant will be afforded an opportunity to be heard, either before or after the Administrator renders 
her determination. Upon request by the Claimant, the Administrator will be available to meet in person, 
by video conference/Skype, or by teleconference to further discuss the claim. These meetings are 
completely optional and voluntary. Requests to meet with the Administrator should be sent by email 
claimantservices@epsteinvictimscompensationprogram.com4 and will be scheduled at a mutually 
convenient time and location. The Administrator may also request a meeting with a Claimant or her Legal 
Representative at a reasonable mutually convenient time and location, though the Claimant is not 
obligated to attend any such meeting. 
This email address is not yet active. 
5IPage 
EFTA00011032
--- PAGE 6 ---
3. Release 
By submitting a claim to the Program, a Claimant is seeking to resolve all claims relating to allegations of 
sexual abuse against Epstein and/or the Estate, related entities and/or individuals. If a Claimant chooses 
to accept the offer of compensation pursuant to the Program, the Claimant will be required to sign and 
execute a full Release, in a form satisfactory to the Estate, of all past and future claims relating to such 
allegations of sexual abuse against the Estate, related entities and/or individuals. A Claimant may reject 
the offer of compensation and may stop participating in the Program and withdraw the claim at any time 
prior to the execution of the Release. 
The Release will waive any rights the Claimant and her heirs, descendants, legatees or beneficiaries 
may have to assert any claims relating to allegations of sexual abuse against the Estate, related entities 
and/or individuals, to file an individual legal action relating to such allegations, or to participate in any 
legal action associated with such allegations, except as a witness. However, the Release will not 
operate to preclude or limit the Claimant's ability to report and discuss allegations of sexual abuse with 
law enforcement officials or anyone else. 
Before signing a Release, the Claimant must consult with an attorney. If the Claimant is not represented 
by an attorney, the Program will provide an attorney to provide free legal counseling to the Claimant 
for the sole purpose of advising the Claimant concerning the language and binding nature of the 
Release. 
No one affiliated with the Program will provide tax or legal advice to those receiving payments under 
the Program. Claimants are urged to consult with a tax advisor concerning any questions regarding tax 
liability for payments pursuant to the Program. 
4. Payments 
Upon the Claimant's acceptance of the Administrator's determination, the Administrator's receipt of 
the Claimant's executed Release and, where applicable, dismissal with prejudice of any existing lawsuit 
or legal actions or claims against the Estate or related entities and/or individuals, the Administrator will 
initiate payment by check or electronic funds transfer to each eligible Claimant as directed by the 
Claimant. Checks will be sent to Claimants via overnight courier service. 
C. Program Integrity 
For the purpose of protecting both the integrity of the Program and financial resources for eligible 
Claimants, the Administrator will institute all necessary measures to prevent payment of fraudulent 
claims, including taking steps to verify claims and analyze submissions for inconsistencies, irregularities 
or duplication. 
6IPage 
EFTA00011033
--- PAGE 7 ---
Each Claimant who signs the Claim Form at the time of submission certifies that the information provided 
in the Claim Form is true and accurate to the best of the Claimant's knowledge, and that the Claimant 
understands that false statements or claims made in connection with such submission may result in fines, 
imprisonment and/or any other remedy available by law. Claims that appear to be potentially fraudulent 
or to contain false information will be forwarded to federal, state or local law enforcement agencies 
and/or the appropriate Office of the District Attorney for possible investigation and prosecution. 
D. Confidentiality/Privacy 
The Program is confidential. By filing a claim with the Program, the Claimant or her Legal 
Representative (where applicable) agrees that information submitted by the Claimant pursuant to the 
Program will be used and/or disclosed by the Administrator and her designees only for the following 
purposes: 
I) Processing and evaluating the Claimant's claim; 
2) Administering the Program and other Program-related work; and 
3) Reports to law enforcement where appropriate. 
When documents maintained or submitted by the Estate become part of a Claimant's file for purposes 
of the Program, such materials will be reviewed by the Administrator to assist in processing and 
evaluating the claim, but will otherwise remain confidential. These files are not available for inspection, 
review or copying by the Claimant or her representatives during or after the Program, and all pertinent 
settlement privileges and other privileges apply. 
To protect the privacy of Claimants participating in the Program, all personal information provided by 
the Claimant during this process will be returned or destroyed within one year after the conclusion of 
the Program. 
Individual Claimants are not bound by any rules of confidentiality. Claimants may, at their sole and 
voluntary option, disclose information in their possession regarding their claim, their compensation and 
their experience with the Program. 
All confidentiality requirements are subject to law, regulation and judicial process. 
The Administrator may, on a periodic basis, publish reports regarding the Program's claims processing or 
other activities in an effort to provide transparency. Such reports will report on an aggregate level only. 
No individual Claimant information will be published or disclosed in a way that compromises Claimant 
confidentiality. 
Mage 
EFTA00011034


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011035.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011035.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Blase. Nicholas (USANYS)" 
To: "IMInitedYS)" 
<MIMMIE>, 
, "Ma olio James USANYS Contractor)" 
"Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS)" 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein friend Ghislaine Maxwell under FBI investigation 
Date: Fri, 27 Dec 2019 14:36:26 +0000 
https://www.cnbc.corn/2019/12/27/jeffrey-epstein-friend-ghislaine-maxwell-under-fbi-investigation.html 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00011035


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011036.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011036.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: Voucher for Trip 10416822 is late 
Date: Fri, 19 Jul 2019 04:05:33 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Dear 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
for this trip and mark it as Final if you have no additional expenses to claim. 
Trip ID: 1041611 
Traveler name: 
Destination: West Palm Beach 
Purpose: R19NYS 13654 - U.S. v. Epstein (2018R01618) - Victim Interviews 
Trip Dates: 2019-07-11 - 2019-07-12 
Current status: Authorization Approved 
E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
emails that you receive from us. 
Reference ID# V0013 
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00011036


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011037.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011037.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To 
Bee 
Subject: SDNY PRESS CLIPPINGS, THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2021 
Date: Thu. 14 Jan 2021 17:51:08 +0000 
Inline-Images: imapc001.png 
SDNY PRESS CLIPPINGS 
TOYOTA SETTLEMENT 
Eashabee;_pwsdaseasLLSprobe Into deJayedDistil/At defect reports for  $180 million - filing Mulcts 
U.S News & World Report Money Exclusive: Toyota to Settle U.S. Probe Into Delayed Emissions ... WASHINGTON  (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp will settle a Justice ... Is set to announce the settlement later on 
Thursday the murces said  that 
SO mins age 
CAPITOL RIOTS 
New York Daily News MTA worker accused In Capitol riot arrested upstate Will Pepe, a laborer at Metro-North's rail yard In Brewster, Is due to appear in White Plains Federal Court on Wednesday morning, 
officials said. 1 day ago (nydailynews.com) 
Gothamist Metro-North FroployeeArtmlesLay MI In Connection With Attack On Capitol Will Pepe-3.1 of Beacon  New York was taken into waft
 Tuesday and will make an appearance on an in ItiaLcamplaInt 
Wednesday In ... 1 day ago 
MATTERS OF INTEREST 
The New York Times Trump Impeached for Inciting  Insurrection But this time Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the ... John Kea° of New York Adam Klnzinger of Illinois Fred Upton of 
mIchigan, Dan ... 16 hours ago (nytImes.com) 
Variety Ghistaine Maxwellfrodmst 'Hunting 
ScoresScripted Adaptationhy So0y-Badced Eleventh Hour Films A chart-topping true crime podcast about Ghisla I ne Maxwell from U K, radio station LBC Is 
set to be adapted for the small screen. 1 day ago 
New York Post NYC cabbie robbed at gunpoint after piddng man up from Bronx motel, cops say The livery cab driver, 64, picked the suspect up from the Paradise Motor Inn on Boston Road around 8 p.m. on 
Aug. 3 and drove him about S... Aug 22, 2020 (nypost.com) 
nnbar_yothattpmey.geoeral sttingNYPO over PECttASIMSPIOSAIrollflo0 coral 
Deadline DOI Antitrust Chief Makan Delrahlm To Step Down On fan. 19 Bitten, who has nominated Merrick Garland as the next attorney general, has yet to announce a nominee to lead the Antitrust Division. 
Sialwribe to Deadline 
hours ago 
Acting  Attorney General Jeffrey A. Rosen's Video Statement on the Seizure of the U.S. Capitol I OPA I Department of Justice 
The_New york Timesitmld Riot chaos,Some_National_Security Leadets_Are_Absena Neither the actingattorineygeneralJety A. ROSensoilbsitUleestor.lbsbloolistAYathasippeateta; 
the type of high-profile news conference that ... 16 hours ago (nytImes.com) 
The Hill Marjorie Taylor Greene says she will introductimpeadunent articles against Bidet I Theliiii There is no evidence that Hunter Bitten's work Influenced US. policy. In her Newsmax Interview Wednesday, 
which aired hours after the House voted to impeach ... 13 hours ago 
EFTA00011037
--- PAGE 2 ---
Billionaire Guo Wengui wins discovery on cyberattack in Clark Hill malpractice fight I  Reuters 
As House votes to impeach blip, Trumps focus shifts to bnnd rehabilitation Cottconnsoml 
The Hill Yang  announces run for New York City mayor I  Theifill "I moved to New York City 25 years ago. I came of age, fell In love, and became a father here. Seeing our City the way it is now breaks my heart; 
be added 5 hours ago 
Bloomberg  Nikola  (NKLA) Faces Daunting  Future After Losing GM, BP  Other Partners Clean-energy startup Nikola Corp. had a tough year even by 2020 standards. The once high-flying alternative-fuel vehicle 
man started life as a  public 
hours ago 
JD Supra Human Trafficking  and Health Care Providers: Legal... Health care providers who treat victims of human trafficking  are subject to a patchwork of sometimes inconsistent laws regarding  their reporting 
obligations. 15 hours ago 
FBI Washington field office  got an F for fighting  domestic terrorism from bureau officials (nbcnews.com) 
SDNY Corrembieriawspieljraiony Drafts of Paha( Disseminated Document.  I  McGulreWood< riP-i  Sum 
WRCB-TV NASA scientist pleads guilty to lying  about involvement in ... Now, having admitted his crime, Meyyappan awaits sentencing," acting US Attorney Audrey Strauss said In a statement. Since 2006, 
Meyyappan has been chief 
hour. art 
EFTA00011038


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011039.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011039.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: News Brief 
Date: Fri, 22 Jan 2021 00:54:18 +0000 
The No. 2 official at the F.B.I. is departing - The deputy director of the F.B.I. announced to the bureau's staff on 
Thursday that he was retiring, departing the bureau as the Biden administration takes over. 
The exit of the official, David L. Bowdich comes as the White House offered assurances on Thursday that President Biden 
would keep Christopher A. Wray as the bureau's director. 
US scattier hoped to team up with ISIS to attack 9/11 Memorial: feds https://nypost.com/2021/01/19/us-soldier-wanted-
to-team-with-isis-to-attack-9-11-memorial-feds/? 
utm source=maropost&utm medium=email&utm campaign=nypevening&utm content=20210119&tpcc=evening upda 
te&mpweb=755-9252354-720539873 
U.S. Soldier Accused Of Wanting  To Plot ISIS Strike On 9/11 Memorial In New York City [NBC] NY/AT/CV 
• A U.S. soldier was arrested Tuesday [Jan. 19] for allegedly saying he wanted to help ISIS strike the 9/11 
Memorial in New York City and attempting to help ISIS to target U.S. soldiers in the Middle East. 
• Cole James Bridges, 20, from Stow, Ohio went into an online forum and chatted with a person he thought 
was with ISIS, but was in fact an FBI undercover agent. 
• Bridges is currently assigned to Fort Stewart in Georgia with the 3rd infantry division of the Army. He was 
arrested on charges of attempting to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist 
organization and attempting to murder U.S. military service members. He faces up to 40 years in prison. 
• "Cole James Bridges: is positive in FBI holdings. Program Manager: CTD 
January 20, 2021 
New York, NY 
EFTA00011039
--- PAGE 2 ---
Man arrested on Upper East Side with SUV loaded with ammo, shotgun in aftermath of Capitol siege 
A man was arrested on the Upper East Side Wednesday with an arsenal of ammunition, a shotgun and other tactical items 
in his SUV in connection with the ongoing raids surrounding the siege of the Capitol, according to documents in the 
vehicle and a law enforcement official. 
Samuel Fisher was arrested near E. 89th St. and York Ave. on unspecified charges related to the Jan. 6 siege. He was 
awaiting arraignment in Manhattan Federal Court. 
A search warrant return - a document which lists what was seized in a search - visible in the Chevrolet 1500 Tahoe SUV 
listed the shotgun, six cases of shotgun shells, 12 boxes of .9-mm ammunition, a black tactical vest with a loaded clip, eight 
more loaded clips, a second vest with ballistic plates and a knife, and two machetes. 
Members of the Joint Terrorism Task Force huddled around Fisher's SUV as cops blocked E. 88th St. after making the 
arrest. Video from the scene showed an FBI officer carrying the shotgun seized from the SUV to an evidence van. 
Also spotted in the car were an American flag, a copy of the Daily News with President Trump's face on it, an emergency 
poncho and B12 vitamins. 
It wasn't immediately clear if Fisher is accused of being part of the Capitol siege or was arrested purely for online activity. 
A second man, Patrick Edward McCaughey III, was arrested Tuesday night in the upstate town of South Salem. He is in 
custody and will be arraigned later Wednesday in White Plains Federal Court. 
McCaughey is charged with using a riot shield to press against a Capitol police officer shown on video screaming as he's 
squeezed between a door in the midst of a violent confrontation with rioters at a key entry point in the Capitol, law 
enforcement sources said. The arrests followed dozens of others across the nation as federal authorities seek to hold people 
who stormed the Capitol responsible for their conduct, as well as anyone making online threats to kill elected officials. Five 
people died in the Capitol riot, including a police officer, in the hours-long siege that took place after President Trump 
extorted a crowd to march to the Capitol. The unrest came as Congress was certifying the electoral college votes that won 
Sen. Joe Biden the presidency. 
http://www.nydailynews.cominew-york/nyc-crime/ny-capitol-riot-aftermath-arrest-upper-east-side-
20210120-xxjogypbpfavteabboxdhlaou4-story.html
Terror cells in Indonesia continue to recruit and plot attacks amid COVID-19 - As Indonesia grapples with the 
impact of COV1D-19, terrorism cells in the country continue to spread radical messages, actively seeking new recruits 
and plotting their next attacks, a senior counterterrorism official said. 
In an exclusive interview with CNA, the National Counter Terrorism Agency's (BNPT) director for enforcement, 
Eddy Hartono said although there has been no major terrorist attack during the pandemic, terrorism cells in Indonesia 
"are not sifting back and relaxing." 
"They are actively recruiting, spreading their ideology, raising funds and conducting training," the Brigadier General 
said, adding that the only thing that has slowed during the pandemic is the sending of militants to join the ranks of the 
Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. 
The police's counterterrorism unit Densus 88 arrested a total of 232 people last year for alleged involvement in 
terrorism activities. 
"They are indeed planning attacks on security officials, state institutions, military and the police," Mr Hartono said. 
"Thank goodness we have been able to prevent (these attacks) from happening." 
Among those who were arrested last year were two of Indonesia's most wanted terrorists Zulkamaen and Upik 
Lawanga who have evaded capture for 19 and 14 years respectively. 
Zulkarnaen, who goes by one name, was believed to be behind at least three terror attacks, including the 2002 Bali 
Bombings while Upik Lawanga was suspected of aiding a series of terror attacks between 2004 and 2006. Zulkarnaen 
was arrested in December and Lawanga was arrested in November 
https://www.channelnewsasia.coranews/asia/indonesia-terrorism-attack-recruitment-plot-coyid-19-bnpt-13959304 
NCTC CT Weekly 
(U) TERRORISM FINANCING TRENDS OVER THE LAST 
The Hague (ICCT) published a paper titled "Funding in Place: Local Financing Trends Behind Today's Global 
Terrorist Threat;' describing how the terrorist financing landscape has changed over the last decade. ICCT 
highlighted areas of terrorism financing including cryptocurrencies, criminal activities, hawala networks, and 
more. A major area of focus was the increasing trend of 
terrorists using localized financing, otherwise known as "funding in place." 
(U) In mid-November, the International Centre for Counter-Terrorism in The Hague (ICCT) published a 
paper titled "Funding in Place: Local Financing Trends Behind Today's Global Terrorist Threat', 
describing how the terrorist financing landscape has changed over the last decade. ICCT highlighted 
areas of terrorism financing including cryptocurrencies, criminal activities, hawala networks, and more. 
EFTA00011040
--- PAGE 3 ---
A major area of focus was the increasing trend of terrorists using localized financing, otherwise known 
as "funding in place." 
(U) Whereas al-Qa'ida historically financed its affiliate groups and actors from afar, sending money for 
recruitment, transportation, training, etc., terrorist groups today are less reliant on funding from group 
leadership. "Funding in place" not only provides a layer of security by not having to worry about financial and 
intelligence tools interrupting funding streams, but also makes it significantly harder to detect possible terrorist 
financing scenarios and future attack plans. (ICCT) 
U.S. Africa Command Forces Conduct Two Strikes On Al-Shabaab Operatives [DOD] 
• In coordination with the Federal Government of Somalia, U.S. Africa Command forces conducted two 
airstrikes in the vicinities of Jamaame and Deb Scinnele, Somalia, Jan. 19. 
• Initial assessments indicate the strikes killed three al-Shabaab operatives. 
• From Radio Dalsan — SOM: A US airstrike has destroyed radio station of the Al-Qaeda-linked militant 
group, Al-Shabaab, in southern Somalia. According to pro-Al-Shabaab media, the airstrike destroyed 
Radio Andalus in the Tiyeglow Bakool region. US Airstrikes Target Al-Shabaab Radio 
Global Terrorism 
Russia 
• A senior Chechen official announced Wednesday that police had killed an alleged leader of the Islamic 
State (ISIS) in the volatile republic, according to media reports Asharq Al-Awsat 
o The leader was designated in 2016 as a "global terrorist" by the U.S. Department of State, which 
said he had become an ISIS leader in June of 2015 
. The State Department also said the man was responsible for suicide bombings in Russia 
including the January 2011 attack on Moscow's Domodedovo airport that killed 35 
o The senior official said Chechen police officers had killed the ISIS leader and five militants 
associated with him who were on Russia's wanted list 
Somalia 
• On Tuesday, U.S. Africa Command (AFRICOM) killed three al-Shabaab operatives after launching two 
airstrikes within the vicinity of Jamaame and Deb Scinnele in the Lower Juba region of southern Somalia, 
media reported Wednesday Garowe Online 
o "These strikes targeted known al-Shabaab leaders involved in IED facilitation, fighter training, and 
attack planning," a U.S. Air Force official with Joint Task Force-Quartz said 
o No civilians were killed or injured during the operation, AFRICOM added 
Turkey 
• Security teams arrested a suspect in southern Turkey over alleged links to ISIS, local authorities said on 
Wednesday Anadolu Agency 
o The suspect, who was a so-called emir of the terror group in Syria and entered Turkey illegally, was 
arrested in an anti-terror operation in the Mersin province, local authorities said in a statement 
o The suspect was plotting terrorist attacks against public institutions and organizations in the 
province, it added 
Pro-AQ Unit Publishes Article Inciting  Sudanese Muslims To Wage Jihad, Target "Crusaders" And Soldiers [SITE 
Intelligence] 
• An al-Qaeda (AQ)-aligned media unit published an article inciting Sudanese Muslims to wage jihad 
domestically, urging they target "dens and centers of the Crusaders" and gatherings of soldiers. 
• Thabaat News Agency distributed the article, entitled, "The Fighting, the Fighting.. O Heroes of Sudan," 
on January 19, 2021. 
EFTA00011041
--- PAGE 4 ---
• Abu al-Bara' al-Libi, argued that the government of Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok "facilitated" the 
"Crusaders" plundering Sudan's resources, reaping benefits that the people do not receive, and together, 
conspired to normalize relations with Israel. He praised the Sudanese for their participation in all jihadi 
fronts, and said it is now their turn to turn Sudan into a battleground. 
Kenya Defense Force Arrests Mastermind Of 2015 Mandera Bus Attack [Standard Media — KEN via Strategic 
Intelligence Service - KEN] 
• The Kenya Defense Forces (KDF) working together with Jubaland Security Forces (JSF) have arrested 
Abdullahi Dimbil Ahmed, the mastermind of the 2015 Mandera bus attack, Strategic Intelligence, an 
online [Kenyan] publication, reports. 
• Dimbil was arrested on Monday [Jan. 18] together with one of his associates outside the Jubbaland 
Security Forces camp in Southern Somalia. 
Mexico's Attorney General Escalates Fight With U.S. Over Former Minister [Reuters] 
• Mexican Attorney General Alejandro Gertz said on Tuesday [Jan. 19] he was considering elevating to 
international courts a dispute with the United States over Mexico dropping an investigation into a former 
defense minister. 
• Gertz said the U.S. Department of Justice had effectively declared ex-defense minister Salvador 
Cienfuegos innocent when it sent him back to Mexico and dropped U.S. charges against him after he was 
arrested in California last year. 
• He defended his own decision to close a Mexican probe into whether Cienfuegos had colluded with a 
drug cartel, saying the U.S. evidence was inconsistent, included questionable physical descriptions of the 
retired general, and used testimony from two dead witnesses. 
OCCRP 
!":11 #GROUPAMERICA NEWS r 
Group America's Alleged Labor Ties — The criminal case against James Cahill, the president of the New York State 
Building and Construction Trades Council, has taken a turn that is relevant to OCCRP's work. 
Federal prosecutors say they have audio and video recordings that show Cahill has worked with the Serbian-
American drug-trafficking gang known as Group America. He even allegedly spoke with the gang's leader, whom he 
referred to as "my guy" and part of a "mass murdering crew" in the recordings. 
:._ More Reading: Haven't heard of Group America? Read our investigation into this pervasive syndicate, which 
allegedly has ties to the CIA. 
Maduro Ally Faces Extradition al — A court in Cape Verde ruled on Monday that Venezuelan special envoy Alex Saab 
can be extradited to the United States where he faces money laundering charges. The law firm representing Saab 
compared the ruling to the U.S. extradition request for Julian Assange, who they also represented in the U.K. 
Italian Foreign Fighter Arrested By Turkish Authorities [ANSA — ITA] 
• A 24-year Italian man who allegedly fought with Al-Qaeda-linked terrorist groups in Syria and Iraq was 
recently arrested by the Turkish authorities. The man moved to the Middle East in 2014 and an 
international arrest warrant was put out for him in 2017. 
• He was arrested after being tracked down in the Syrian city of Idlib. He was transferred to the Turkish 
province of Hatay, where he was handed over to the Italian authorities. 
• He is already in jail in Italy. The man's Turkish wife and three children stayed in Turkey. 
EFTA00011042
--- PAGE 5 ---
• From Reuters: The hunt began on information from his parents in Switzerland, where he had lived and 
was radicalized. Italy Jails Suspected Al Qaeda Foreign Fighter Caught In Turkey 
Saudi-American Relations Could Waiver Over Biden's Position On Khashoggi [Jerusalem Post] 
• Questions abound regarding the fate of relations between Saudi Arabia and the United States under 
newly installed President Joe Biden, whose incoming administration has vowed to uncover the 
circumstances behind the murder of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi in 2018 in the Saudi consulate in 
Istanbul. 
• Avril Haynes, President Biden's candidate [update — now confirmed — see CONUS 3] to direct national 
intelligence, has pledged to declassify the intelligence report on the murder of Khashoggi, a columnist for 
the Washington Post, and to present it to Congress. 
• "Yes, I will abide by the law," Hines said during a Senate hearing on January 19, in response to a question 
from Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., about whether she would submit a report to Congress, if appointed 
director of national intelligence. 
Portland [Oregon] Protesters Smash Windows Of Local Democratic Party Headquarters [MSN via New York 
Times] PD/SE/DN 
• In Portland [OR], about 200 people clad in black marched to the local Democratic headquarters, where 
some of them smashed windows and tipped over garbage containers, lighting the contents of one on fire. 
• Those who took to the streets on Wednesday said they were a mix of anarchists, anti-fascists and racial 
justice protesters. One of their signs said, "We don't want Biden — we want revenge" for killings 
committed by police officers and "fascist massacres." 
• In Seattle, about 150 people marched with large banners that said "Abolish ICE, no cops, prisons, borders, 
presidents!' Some spray-painted buildings with an anarchist symbol and broke windows, including at a 
federal courthouse. 
• For video and photos see Daily Mail — UK: We Don't Care Who's President: Antifa Rioters Smash 
Windows At Oregon's Democratic Party Headquarters In Portland,  Burn American Flags In Denver And 
Vandalize Stores In Seattle Just Hours After Biden Took Office 
'A Total Failure': The Proud Boys Now Mock Trump Members of the far-right group, who were among Donald Trump's 
staunchest fans, are calling him "weak" as more of them were charged for storming the U.S. Capitol. 
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/20/technologyiproud-boys-trump.html?
campaign id=2&emc=edit th 20210121&instance id=26148&nl=todaysheadlines&regi id=61898831&segment id=4988 
0&user id=e1b0b0aa6b6cfe71980fae20cb1fb321 
Self-styled militia members planned on storming the U.S. Capitol days in advance of Jan. 6 attack, court documents say 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/legal-issues conspiracy-oath-keeper-arrest-capitol-riot/2021/01/19/fb84877a-
Sa4f-11eb-8bcf-3877871c819d story.html?wpmk=l&wpisrc=al news alert-politics—alert-
national&utm source=alert&utm medium=email&utm campaign=wp news alert revere&location=alert&pwapi token 
=ey10eXAIOiJ KV 1QiLCJhbGciOiJl UzI1NiJ9.ey1jb29raW VuY W 1lljoid3BfY3JOa WQiLCJpc3MiOiJDYXJ0YSIsImNvb2tpZXZhbHV II ' 
oiNTk2Y2RhZGZhZGUOZTIOMTESZ0gx0TFmliwidGFnljoid3BfbmV3c19hbGVydF9yZXZIcmUiLCJ1cmwi0iJodHRwczovL3d3dy 
53YXNoaNA/SndG9ucG9zdajb20vbG9jYWwvbGVnYWwtaXNzdWVzL2NvbnNwaX1hY3ktb2F0aClrZWVwZXItYX.IyZXNOLWNh 
cGI0b2wtcmlvdC8yMDIxLzAxLzESL2ZiODC14NzdhLTVhNGYtMTFIYI04YmNmLTM4Nzc4NzFjOCIESZF9zdG9yeSSodG1sP3dwb 
Ws9MSZ3cGlzcmM9YWxfbmV3c19fYWxlcnCttcG9saXRpY3MtLWFsZXJ0LWShdGIvbmFs.InVObV9zb3VyY2U9YWxlcnCtmdXRt 
X2lIZGIlbT1lbWFpbCZ1dGlfY2FtcGFpZ249d3BfbmV3c19hbGVydF9yZXZIcmUmbG9jYXRpb249YWxlcnClifQ.NA3x7wIqlluJ 
GoZQLQ 2k55r8m-mLPiv6E57Qqb5mti
SITE: Bloomberg Interview with Rita Katz: "Online Extremism Expert Says Far Right Has Adapted ISIS Playbook" 
In a post-Capitol Siege interview with Bloomberg, SITE director Rita Katz says the trajectory of the Far Right movement in 
the U.S. is very similar to that of ISIS, as "both were formed out of rejection of their movements' establishments, both 
EFTA00011043
--- PAGE 6 ---
were adept at leveraging social media for recruitment and setting up vast online infrastructures, and both have prioritized 
action over a coherent ideology." 
https://www.bloomberg.cominews/articles/2021-03.49/far-right-radical ization-site-intelligence-s-rita-katz-tracks-
movement 
U.S. Lawmakers Aim To Curtail Face Recognition Even As The Technology IDs Capitol Attackers [Reuters] 
WFO/Multiple Field Offices 
• U.S. lawmakers are moving ahead with efforts to ban facial recognition software even as the technology 
helps identify supporters of President Donald Trump who ransacked their workplace and forced them to 
evacuate this month. 
• Researchers and law enforcement have been running photographs from the Jan. 6 siege of the Capitol 
through facial recognition, which looks for similar faces in databases of mugshots, social media headshots 
or other images. 
• Senator Ed Markey said that the technology may not be worth the risks. Racial justice activists have 
warned that facial recognition can perpetuate discriminatory policing and constant tracking could 
become the norm. 
'No Plan, No Q, Nothing QAnon Followers Reel As Biden Inaugurated [Reuters] multiple field offices 
• On Wednesday [Jan. 20], QAnon adherents grappled with a harsh reality check: Trump had left office with 
no mass arrests or other victories against the supposed cabal of Satan-worshipping pedophile cannibal 
elites, especially Democrats, he was ostensibly fighting. 
• In one Telegram channel with more than 18,400 members, QAnon believers were split between those still 
urging others to 'trust the plan' and those saying they felt betrayed. "It's obvious now we've been had. 
No plan, no Q, nothing," wrote one user. 
• Some messages referenced theories that a coup was going to take place before the end of Inauguration 
Day. Others moved the goalposts again, speculating that Trump would be sworn into office on Mar. 4. 
• See also Wall Street Journal: What Is QAnon? What We Know About the Conspiracy-Theory Group 
Articles on Parler: 
https://cybernews.com/news/new-report-violent-hashtags-on-parler-skyrocketed-on- anuarthL 
https://cybernews.com/news/70tb-of-parler-users-messages-videos-and-posts-leaked-by-security-researchers
Ghislaine Maxwell hearing illegally streamed by apparent QAnon followers 
https://nypost.com/2021/01/20/apparent-qanon-followers-illegally-stream-ghislaine-maxwell-hearine
'The Shining' Scene, Stuff of Nightmares, Turns a Criminal Case Upside Down A prosecutor erred by likening a man 
charged with robbing a bank to Jack Nicholson's violent psychopath, New Jersey's highest court ruled. 
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/20/nyregion/the-shining-bank-robbery.html?
campaign id=2&emc=edit th 20210121&instance id=26148&nl=todaysheadlines&regi id=61898831&segment id=4988 
0&user id=e1b0b0aa6b6cfen.980fae20cblfb323. 
Opinion The Problem With Trump's Odious Pardon of Steve Bannon It is corrupt and a possible obstruction of 
justice and should be legally challenged. https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/20/opinion trump-bannon-
pardon.html? 
campaign id=2&emc=edit th 20210121&instance id=26148&nl=todaysheadlines&regi id=61898831&segmen 
t id=49880&user id=e1b0b0aa6b6cfe71980fae20cb1fb321 
Take care, 
Senior Intelligence Specialist 
U.S. Attorney's Office — SDNY 
Terrorism & International Narcotics Unit 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
EFTA00011044
--- PAGE 7 ---
New York, NY 10007 
(Please note: my current cell phone coverage is not dependable and the voicemail can be delayed, if you don't receive a 
call back within an hour, please text, email or call me a 
EFTA00011045


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011046.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011046.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Bcc: 
Subject: SDNY NEWS CLIPS, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 2021 
Date: Mon. 25 Jan 2021 17:41:11 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001prig 
SDNY PRESS CLIPPINGS 
Wall Street Journal: Trump pressured DOJ to file case with Supreme Court to overturn election results - CNNPolitics 
New Ghtslaine Maxwell was nabbed bytheFALitacpbonejnypintsomi
Mattlaijapp and HIS firm Got 57SOk for Failing at His Joh  'taut 
Capitol not: Updated list of arrests on New York State  (photos) - syracuse.com 
gethmiegyabtearnsaaapproach to onel human traffriapg 
U.S. Supreme Court ends anti-corruption lawsuits against Trump 1 Reuters 
Jrue Crime: Did sex fiend who killed NYC woman commit Boston Stra0gIgLklkyjogc' - New York Dadyllearg(rersIgibism)
geoulaigabs.pan meella roveragegfAumejlidenikagal run I Fnx News 
NYPD releases video of attackers who beat and stepped man (nypost.com) 
/vela nks overburdened with responsibil0yjocmAoey lost to online scams' (camputerweeklYSIM) 
SPAC Boom Propels Electric Carmakers to Public Markets - Bloomberg 
The Justice System Is Going Too Easy on the White Insurrectionists I  The Nation 
facanovals gatigiogn at Miami strip club parked shooupg feels - New York Daily News (rwelathrnestricure) 
EFTA00011046
--- PAGE 2 ---
Nicholas Blase 
Spokesman 
United States Department of Justice 
k
EFTA00011047


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011048.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011048.pdf
----------------------------------------
USANYS)" 
USANYS) 1" <I 
USANYS Y' 
Subject: RE: Press release for tomorrow 
Date: Fri, 23 Apr 2021 16:30:40 -4)000 
(USANYS) 6" 
(USANYS) 
Thanks. Sorry to bother, but do you have any indication as to when? (Our SEC counterparts have been continuously 
asking.) 
And for what it's worth (I realize this is out of our control) anything after Ghislaine Maxwell's arraignment at 2:30 won't 
get much attention. 
From: 
(USANYS) 1 
Sent: Friday, April 23, 2021 12:25 PM 
To 
USANYS) 
Cc 
(USANYS) •c
a 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
(USANYS) 6 
C 
Subject: Re: Press release for tomorrow 
I will. I understand there is a delay in the presentment. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 23, 2021, at 10:58 AM 
(USANYS) 
wrote: 
Great. 
you'll let us know when this is ready to be issued? Thanks. 
From 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Friday, April 23, 2021 10:11 AM 
To 
(USANYS) <
> 
(USANYS) 1 
Cc 
(USANYS) 6 
Subject: RE: Press release for tomorrow 
Looks good to me. Thanks! 
From 
USANYS) 
Sent: Friday, April 23, 2021 9:10 AM 
To 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
(USANYS) 1 
Cc 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) 6 
Subject: RE: Press release for tomorrow 
EFTA00011048
--- PAGE 2 ---
Attaching the 
approved draft (with very minor edits) for final unit approval. Thanks. 
From: 
USANYS) [Contractor] 
Sent: Friday, April 23, 2021 9:02 AM 
To 
(USANYS) 1 
Cc 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) 6 
Subject: Re: Press release for tomorrow 
SEC says they think they'll be ready shortly after 11. 
Chief Public Information Officer 
U.S. Attorney's Office, SONY 
(office) 
(cell) 
On Apr 22, 2021, at 6:25 PM 
USANYS) 
(USANYS) 1 
wrote: 
USPIS made an unexpectedly early arrest this afternoon in a securities case. The defendant will be presented 
tomorrow morning in Florida and we'd like to release simultaneously with the SEC, which is filing a parallel complaint, 
shortly after the presentment if possible. Attached is a PR, approved be 
I took a stab at the-quote, 
but 
happy to have you work your magic. Sorry for the tight turn on this one. Please let me know of any 
comments/questions. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
P: 
F: 
<Franzone Arrest PR amg approved.docx> 
<21 MAG 4261 SEALE. 
2021.04.19 Complaint Final.pdf> 
EFTA00011049


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011050.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011050.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS 
"USANYS-
CRIMINAL PARALEGALS" 
USANYS-
INVESTIGATORS 
Subject: Second Circuit oral arguments this week (April 26-30, 2021) 
Date: Mon, 26 Apr 2021 13:34:31 +0000 
The Office has two oral arguments in criminal cases scheduled before the Second Circuit this week. They will be argued by 
phone/zoom, and you can listen to the livestream at this link. Also, you can click on the hyperlinks below to access our 
briefs. 
Monday April 26, 2021 
(Leval, Lohier, Sullivan) 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
• 
rguing 
• Ball appeal 
• First on calendar; scheduled to start at 10:00 am 
EFTA00011050


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011051.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011051.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Chris Dilorio 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Date: Thu, 11 Jul 2019 14:07:56 +0000 
Attachments: IMG_7021.jpg 
Inline-Images: image.png 
Mr Berman, 
Thanks for the shout out, but I'm not a journalist 
lololol 
Just a very long list of credible information I have provided to the grossly corrupt SEC et al scumbags 
Janey, update my various TCR's and derivatives. Separate but related Janey. Separate but related. 
Hey, is Jay still working on his NITE/VIRT/Sull Crom disclosures? 
https://www.nytimes.com/2019/07/10/business/jeffrey-epstein-net-worth.html 
EFTA00011051
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein's 'Infinite Means' May Be a Mirage 
Mr. Epstein, facing sex-trafficking charges, has long been hailed as a financial 
wizard. He got rich with the help of two wealthy connections, but there is little 
evidence he's a billionaire. 
www.nytimes.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Monday, July 8, 2019 6:25 AM 
T 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Greetings Grossly corrupt SEC scumbags et al 
IMDS: S Florida $$$ laundering shell facilitated by the SEC 
Highlighted in my 2013 TCR filed with prestigious Berger Montague 
More AML flags than be counted 
MASSIVE naked short position 
MY claims 
SEC cover up. Now, re started so it can be unleashed on the investing public yet again. 
Martin Schlaff/Balmore/Alpha Cap 
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/business/martin-schlaff-is-behind-5-million-investment-in-collplant-
1.5457018 
Martin Schlaff: Bag Man 
But it gets MUCH better 
Graftech 
EFTA00011052
--- PAGE 3 ---
SEC reporting 
pronounced "Graft etc" 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/931148/000119312516427770/0001193125-16-427770-in dex. htm 
EDGAR Filing Documents for 0001193125-16-427770 
GrafTech Global Enterprises Inc. (Filer) CIK: 0000940404 (see all company filings) IRS No.: 061415602 I State 
of Incorp.:DE I Fiscal Year End: 1231 Type: 15-15D I Act ... 
vii.vw. sec g ov 
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/elections/.premium-the-netanyahu-milikowsky-ties-could-be-on-the-
way-to-an-fbi-investigation-1.7090960 
The FBI may be about to probe Netanyahu's 
ties to cousin Milikowsky 
www.haaretz.com 
Wall Street / CNBC Wiz Karen Finerrnan 
"Save Graft etc" 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/931148/000119312515018174/d857124dex991.htm 
EX-99.1 - sec.gov 
Exhibit 1 "SAVE GRAFTECH" GROUP NOMINATES FULL SLATE OF SEVEN DIRECTORS TO GRAFTECH BOARD 
. NEW YORK, January 23, 2015 - Save GrafTech, an investor group led by Nathan Milikowsky, a holder of 
over 15 million shares, or over 11.2%, of the common stock of GrafTech International Ltd. (NYSE: Gil), today 
sent a letter to the GrafTech Board of Directors disclosing that it has submitted a ... 
www.sec.gov 
pg 57 of this SEC reviewed public offering 
https://vvvvw.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/931148/000104746919000874/a2237872zs-l.htm 
www.sec.gov 
(1) Includes 2,625,000 shares of common stock that the underwriters have the option to purchase from the 
selling stockholder (2) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the amount of registration fee in 
accordance with Rule 457(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, based upon the average of the 
high and low sales prices of the registrant's common stock as reported by the ... 
EFTA00011053
--- PAGE 4 ---
www.sec.gov 
2018 revenue up 244% vs 2017 due to sharp increase in graphite electrode pricing 
BUT, graphite electrode prices rose significantly in 2017 
and 
FELL in 2018 
https://agmetalminer.corn/tag/graphite-electrodes/ 
graphite electrodes Archives - Steel, Aluminum, Copper, Stainless, Rare 
Earth, Metal Prices, Forecasting I MetalMiner 
Needle coke, a crude oil derivative, accounts for 40-44% (depending on the year) of the cost to produce 
one metric ton of electrodes. Graftech, one of the leaders in graphite electrode production ... 
agmetalminer.com 
the Graftech/Graft etc balance sheet is complete fraud as well 
insolvent 
JP Morgan strikes again 
Grossly corrupt SEC "protecting Main Street as usual" 
Fraud certainly not limited to the OTCM 
Mr Teotia, 
congrats on taking Wes Bricker's job 
no doubt you're working hard on those KCG 2Q 2017 financials not "published" by Mr Transparency Dougie 
Cifu. 
Where would a $4 billion+ write down of naked short fails put the NITE/VIRT fraud on the list of egregious 
SEC accounting fraud failures? 
Top 5? 
Let me know if I can help 
In furtherance of the conspiracy.... 
Cheers! 
Christo her Ditorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Wednesday, June 26, 2019 6:07 AM 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Tuesday, June 25, 2019 2:31 PM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
EFTA00011054
--- PAGE 5 ---
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 7:27 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 7:23 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Getting warmer Ms Strauss 
https://www.justice.gov/usao-sdnyipr/bank-ceo-stephen-m-calk-charged-corruptly-soliciting-presidential-
administration 
Bank CEO Stephen M. Calk Charged With Corruptly 
Soliciting A Presidential Administration Position In 
Exchange For Approving $16 Million In Loans I USAO-
SDNY I Department of Justice 
Audrey Strauss, the Attorney for the United States, Acting Under Authority 
Conferred by 28 U.S.C. 4 515, William F. Sweeney Jr, the Assistant Director-in-
Charge of the New York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
("FBI"), and Patricia Tarasca, the Special Agent-in-Charge of the New York 
Region for the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Office of Inspector 
www.justice.gov 
But, this is the beginning of the story 
not the end 
Calk/Lorber/Elliman: Trump 
EFTA00011055
--- PAGE 6 ---
Lorber: New Valley Corp 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/106374/000095014405003084/g93826e10vk.htm 
Apollo Moscow/Kremlin development 
AND 
Ladenburg Thalman 
I asked in previous correspondence: 
Does ANYONE believe Frost risked BILLIONS to "MAKE" a few million? 
Frost was laundering a few millions. 
https://www.barrons.com/articles/sec-charges-phillip-frost-1536608366 
SEC Charges Against Phillip Frost Might Just 
Be the Tip of the Iceberg 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filed stock fraud 
charges late last week against billionaire drug entrepreneur Phillip 
Frost and a group of associates, accusing them of making $27 
million in pump-and-dump stock schemes 
www.barrons.com 
Alpha Capital Anstalt Liechtenstein 
in my 2013 TCR: Money laundering/Miami based Imaging Diagnostics (see my IMDS e mails) 
Bag Men 
Also: "Greek Shipping company" FreeSeas (See my FreeSeas TCR) 
Despite overwhelming evidence of money laundering, you will find no reference to it in SEC complaints. 
https://www.sec.gov/news/press-release/2018-182 
SEC.gov I SEC Charges Microcap Fraudsters for Roles in Lucrative Market 
Manipulation Schemes 
The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged a group of 10 individuals and 10 associated 
entities for their participation in long-running fraudulent schemes that generated over $27 million from 
unlawful stock sales and caused significant harm to retail investors who were left holding virtually worthless 
stock. 
vo.y \ v. s ec ci ov 
No mention of AML despite glaring red flags 
No mention of executing Broker Dealers: Penny stock trading fairies 
The SEC has kept Alpha Capital Anstalt up and running so the activity detailed in my complaints can continue. 
And it does 
EFTA00011056
--- PAGE 7 ---
https://whalewisdom.com/filer/alpha-capital-anstalt 
ALPHA CAPITAL ANSTALT Top Holdings - WhaleWisdom 
Alpha Capital Anstalt is based out of Vaduz Liechtenstein. Whalewisdom has at least 6 13D filings, 158 13G 
filings, and 5 Form 4 filings The firm has no submitted 13F filings and does not appear to be an investment 
advisor. 
whalewisdom.com 
Now: Lorber/Calk/Elliman: New Valley: shell 
Ladenburg/Frost/Alpha Cap Anstalt $$$ laundering shells 
Apollo/Lorber: Moscow/Kremlin "development" 
"Tip of the Iceberg" indeed 
In furtherance of the conspiracy 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, May 23, 2019 5:59 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
So: 
Leon Black/ Apollo/Schwarzman: Trump Kushner 
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: Epstein 
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: Putin/RU 
https://www.reuters.com/article/russia-putin-fund-idUSLSE7KGOSI20110916 
EFTA00011057
--- PAGE 8 ---
UPDATE 2-Putin gets SWF, PE backing for 
Russia fund 
* Apollo's Black shares platform with Putin 
www.reuters.com 
https://www.swfinstitute.org/news/33645/u-s-treasury-sanctions-russian-direct-investment-fund/amp
Black/Apollo/Schwarzman: money laundering shells 
https://www.businessinsidercom/blackstone-dodged-a-bullet-with-knight-capital-2012-8 
Blackstone Dodged A Bullet With Knight 
Capital - Business Insider 
A trader consulted by Business Insider said that Blackstone envied 
Knight Capital's market-making team, which executed an average 
of more than $20 billion trades last year and is designated market 
www.businessinsider.com 
https://vvww.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000092242313000183/0000922423-13-000183-index.htm 
ICnight/Trimark/Optimark born out of "worthless paper"/ Russian/US Mafia/ money laundering shell: Ashton 
Technologies 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?
action=getcompan &C1K=0001003740&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0 
https://ag.ny.g
press-release/us-attorney-lynch-and-nys-attorney-general-spitzer-announce-20-defendants-
indicted-50 
U.s. Attorney Lynch And N.y.s. Attorney General Spitzer Announce 20 
Defendants Indicted In $50 Million Boiler Room Stock Fraud Scheme I New 
York State Attorney General 
LORETTA E. LYNCH, United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, ELIOT SPITZER, New York 
State Attorney General, BARRY W. MAWN, Assistant Director-in-Charge of the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation in New York, and RICHARD H. WALKER, Director of the Division of Enforcement of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, today announced the unsealing of an indictment charging 20 ... 
ag.ny.gov 
Spitzer taken down by RUSSIAN hooker 
https://nypost.corn/2016/02/16/spizter-accuser-a-young-jobless-ex-hooker-who-lives-a-life-of-luxuryl
EFTA00011058
--- PAGE 9 ---
Spitzer accuser was a $5K-a-night hooker 
who lives life of luxury - New York Post 
The Russian vixen who accused Eliot Spitzer of choking her at The 
Plaza hotel is a divorced, globe-trotting beauty who once bared 
all the dirty details of her life as a $5,000-a-night hooker, The ... 
nypost.com 
Any questions? 
Cheers traitorous scumbags! 
Christo her Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Sunday, May 19, 2019 8:03 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
I reiterate: 
The SEC is a grossly corrupt criminal organization bought and paid for by criminals who threaten the integrity of 
our markets to the clear and very egregious detriment of the investing public it is sworn to protect. 
http://www.marketrap.com/article/view article/9152/bernard-madoff-the-mafia-and-the-friends-of-michael-
milken 
Bernard Madoff, the Mafia, and the Friends of Michael Milken - Market Rap 
- The Investor Empowerment Community 
In 2005, Patrick Byrne, the CEO of Overstock.com and future Deep Capture investigative reporter, began a 
public crusade against illegal naked short selling (hedge funds and brokers creating phantom stock to 
EFTA00011059
--- PAGE 10 ---
manipulate stock prices down).He said, over and over, that the crime was destroying public companies and 
hart tha nntantial to trinnar a wctamir malteinwn of m it finanrial marleotc 
v. 2-3r ke-., a o.corn 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio c 
Sent: Friday, May 17, 2019 6:22 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Wednesday, May 15, 2019 11:27 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Today (5/15/19) the grossly corrupt scumbags at the SEC approved ANOTHER massive fraud on the investing 
public: 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1665300/999999999519001111/xsIEFFECTX01/primary doc.xml 
The "genius f'n quant" AQR/Greek shipping 
/Economou/DRYWORIG/Astra/Nautilus/Navios/Gerber/AIPAC/Nordlicht/Glass/1MDB/Knitowski/Caneum/Trym 
etris/Liquid etc etc etc money laundering shell. 
Well done! 
BTW, HOW is the George Economou/ Georgios EKONOMOU SEC "investigation" coming along anyway? 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George Economou  (shipbuilder) 
George Economou (shipbuilder) - Wikipedia 
George Economou or Georgios Ekonomou (1€dipytoc OtKovbµou, born 1953) is a Greek billionaire 
shipowner, CEO of DryShips Inc. and Ocean Rig, and the owner of Cardiff Marine.Economou owns oil 
EFTA00011060
--- PAGE 11 ---
tankers as well as dry bulk ships and manages them through Cardiff Marine. He was on the Forbes 
Magazines list of the world's billionaires on place 707. 
en.wikipedia.org 
What a coincidence: 
https://www.vanityfaitcominews/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team amp 
Trump's Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Is an Obscure Medieval Historian 
Andrew Ekonomou had a "mid-life crisis" and became an expert 
on Byzantium. Now he's helping lead the president's legal team in 
the Russia investigation. 
www.vanityfair.com 
Dude is DEFINITELY not getting the attention he deserves 
Then again, 
WHO actually believes Marc Bistricer of Toronto Canada was INVESTING in the US laundering Ekonomou 
shell known as DryShips? 
https://seekingalpha.corn/article/4096781-strong-court-case-dryships-kalani 
Very Strong Court Case Against DryShips And 
Kalani - DryShips Inc. (NASDAQ:DRYS) I 
Seeking Alpha - Stock Market Insights I 
Seeking Alpha 
Source: rgrdlaw.com (court document) In 2012, DRYS generated 
$1.23 billion in total revenue, yet posted a $246 million loss. In 
fact, the company has been posting losses every year for the last 
seekingalpha.com 
'Charity not the motive" 
https://www.tradewindsnews.com/legal/1738610/kalani-claims-charity-not-a-motive-for-dryships-aid
Kalani claims charity not a motive for DryShips 
aid I TradeWinds 
Kalani claims charity not a motive for DryShips aid Marc Bistricer-
led investment house says it had risk and profit in mind lending 
EFTA00011061
--- PAGE 12 ---
to George Economou's struggling public company, not attempt to 
v.ww.tradewindsnews.com 
The Toronto connection runs MUCH deeper though 
The overlap with AQR blank check shells and Polar Asset Mgmt Toronto 
The Toronto based Bistricer and EKONOMOU 
Bistricers in New Jersey TOO! 
AND 
DAVID Bistricer happens to be a real estate developer 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001649096&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Bistricer/Clipper "investor" 
Toronto based C I Investments 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000116364819000009/0001163648-19-000009-index.htm 
Check out this Reg D offering Bistricer/ Clipper did in Jan 2016 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1649096/000161577416004014/xsIFormDX01/primary doc.xml 
$130,000 Reg D offering for this Bistricer/Clipper publicly traded "real estate" company was done with an 
Atlanta based firm called H&L Equities 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Nothing to see here. 
Of Course, then there's the Hail Mary pass Kushner threw on his Toronto based Brookfield deal for 666 5th 
Avenue 
https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2019/03/12/toronto-based-brookfield-faces-scrutiny-from-democrats-
over-deal-with-kushner-company.html 
Toronto-based Brookfield faces scrutiny from 
Democrats over deal with Kushner company 
The Star 
The real estate giant says politics were not at all involved in its 
decision to acquire a New York office tower from the family of 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
aide. 
www.thestaccom 
which was brokered by Apollo/Epstein Degenerate Black/Harris/Rowan 
https://therealdeal.com/2018/11/15/brookfield-turns-to-apollo-for-666-fifth-financingL
EFTA00011062
--- PAGE 13 ---
666 Fifth I Brookfield I Apollo Global 
Management 
Private equity company Apollo Global Management is funding 
Brookfield Property Partners' redevelopment of 666 Fifth Avenue 
with a 5300 million-plus mezzanine loan, sources told The Real 
Deal ... 
therealdeal.com 
Apollo and other Kushner financing pal Blackstone just happen to be BOTH granted free reign on the US 
insurance/annuity industry. 
Crazy shit huh? 
Greek shipping Bag man Georgios Ekonomou meets Jared Kushner 
But it gets better still: 
Stephen Feinberg: Cerberus 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy-
advisory-panel
Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
to Lead Spy Advisory Panel - Bloomberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
Feinberg to lead his intelligence advisory board, the White House 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
and ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
Bawag/Refco 
Virtu first bid for Knight post "glitch" 
and now: Money Laundering Bank HSH 
Stephen Feinberg: Scum of the Earth meet Georgio EKONOMOU 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001369241&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Janey, IG update my various pending TCR's and complaints 
Yours VERY TRULY 
And INFINITELY smarter than anyone on this e mail list 
Christopher J Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
EFTA00011063
--- PAGE 14 ---
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Monday, May 13, 2019 5:41 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, May 11, 2019 8:00 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Monday, May 6, 2019 6:38 AM 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Greetings grossly corrupt SEC et al scumbags 
As with ALL of my allegations: beyond a shadow of a doubt, 100% accurate 
https://www.sec.govilitigationicomplaints/comp17673.htm 
Complaint: SEC v. 
COMPLAINT. Plaintiff United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") alleges as 
follows: SUMMARY. 1. This case involves a $15 million "pump and dump" scheme involving the securities 
EFTA00011064
--- PAGE 15 ---
of Environmental Solutions Worldwide, Inc. ("Environmental"), a public company whose common stock is 
registered with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), and is ... 
www.sec.gov 
ESWW was a money laundering shell. 
The SEC knows it. The degenerate Epstein knows it. The Degenerate Leon Black/Kushner BFF/ Milken 
proteges/Marc Rowan/Apollo knows it. 
The DOJ/IRS knows it. 
IG, I have repeatedly offered to come to SEC DC HQ to have the brightest minds at the SEC totally humiliate me 
by refuting my allegations 1 by 1. The grossly corrupt SEC scumbags have never taken me up on my generous 
offer. For the very simple reason that ALL of my allegations are accurate and true. 
So, I again put the offer out there: 
refute my claims OR go to jail for the criminal obstruction ACTIVELY being facilitated by your office and the SEC. 
So, let's give these scumbags the insurance/annuities market. 
This will NOT end well for tens of thousands of Americans. 
Who "green lighted" this take over of the insurance industry by PE/Hedge funds? 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/antoinegara/2018/02/01/apollo-and-blackstone-pick-insurance-as-their-next-
bet-to-disrupt-wall-street/#5d647dbe7689 
Apollo And Blackstone Pick Insurance As Their 
Next Bet To Disrupt Wall Street - Forbes 
For decades, Wall Street's gambit in insurance was to write 
policies and use the float as a source of capital for new 
investments. Ifs a staple of Berkshire Hathaway and copycats like 
Markel and ... 
www.forbes.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
Whistleblower 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, May 2, 2019 3:35 PM 
To: oig@sec.gov; 
chair-ma noffice@sec.gov; 
john.lausch@usdoj.gov; 
• John.Kucera@usdoj.gov; 
shannen.beckman@usdoj.gov; woo.lee@usdoj.gov; Deborah.connor@usdoj.gov; mary.butler@usdoj.gov; 
jonathan.baum@usdoj.gov; steven.welk@usdoj.gov; lawrence.middleton@usdoj.gov; 
wadhwas@sec.gov; 
• theresa.watson3@usdoj.gov; 
welshhansc@sec.gov; jessie.liu@usdoj.gov; yvonne.huber@finra.org; hodgmanm@sec.gov; brickerw@sec.gov; 
hinmanw@sec.gov; goodmank@sec.gov; paleym@sec.gov; craig.carpenito@usdoj.gov; mooneyj@sec.gov; 
christopher.delzotto@ic.fbi.gov; michael.braconi@ic.fbi.gov; kathy.enstrom@ci.irs.gov; 
m.kendall.day@usdoj.gov; gottschallk@sec.gov; redfearnb@sec.gov; 
fortinop@sec.gov; enrightj@sec.gov; ferrantec@sec.gov; brucculerid@sec.gov; pollocks@sec.gov; 
EFTA00011065
--- PAGE 16 ---
market.intelligencedesk@nasdaq.com; ayoolaf@sec.gov; bairde@sec.gov; fredricksond@sec.gov; sansonej@sec.gov; 
wardlawl@sec.gov; windsorc@sec.gov; brombergk@sec.gov; nolanj@sec.gov; wadleyd@sec.gov; bestr@sec.gov; 
polisej@sec.gov; driscollp@sec.gov; parratts@sec.gov; sollazzor@sec.gov; John Crudele; joseph.borg@asc.alabama.gov; 
market.abuse@fca.org.uk; fishmanj@sullcrom.com; 
• smckessy@phillipsandcohen.com; 
rrepetto@sandleroneill.com; alex.kramm@ubs.com; bustilloe@sec.gov; bustoe@sec.gov; serranod@sec.gov; 
zainab.ahmad@usdoj.gov; nestorc@sec.gov; wooj@sec.gov; chiona@sec.gov; kahld@sec.gov; 
levensonp@sec.gov; duganj@sec.gov; kelcoursek@sec.gov; rebecca.ballhaus@wsj.com; vaughnk@sec.gov; 
volleym@sec.gov; bennettj@sec.gov; toddg@sec.gov; frenchc@sec.gov; percivalh@sec.gov; peikins@sec.gov; 
d_dayen@yahoo.com; william.alpert@barrons.com; amarques@miamiherald.com; rhirsch@miamiherald.com; 
cfrank@miamiherald.com; kristin.broughton@wsj.com 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
IG, 
This was a blatant attempt to intimidate a whistleblower. "HE" (I think a male although very effeminate voice) 
was an anonymous, coward, scumbag who threatened me. AND then called me another 11/12 times after that. 
This is a VERY serious matter. Felony. I intend to see "him" prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Within 
weeks of filing a complaint against the SEC and you. 
I obviously have hit a nerve. 
https://www.nbcnews com/politics/white-house/white-house-tells-official-who-gave-kushner-security-
clearance-don-n997476 
White House whistleblower speaks out on 
security clearance controversy 
Carl Kline was supposed to appear before House committee staff 
Tuesday to face questions related to his handling of White House 
security clearances. 
www.nbcnews.com 
Cheers! 
Christopher Diiorio (no L's scumbag) 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Thursday, April 25, 2019 6:27 AM 
To: 
EFTA00011066
--- PAGE 17 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
ESWW: A money laundering NASDACUOTCM shell 
Milken degenerate Leon Black/Joshua Harris: Apollo 
AND 
Jeffrey Epstein 
The SEC has known for years that Epstein is running a extortion/Ponzi/Slush Fund 
My Claims AGAIN 
https://seekingal pha.com/a rticle/3715526-environ mental-solutions-worldwide-revisiting-holding-gone-dark-
can-sleep-better-night?mod=mw quote news 
li 
Environmental Solutions Worldwide: Revisiting 
A Holding That's Gone Dark, So I Can Sleep 
Better At Night - Environmental Solutions 
Worldwide, Inc. (OTCMKTS:ESWW) I Seeking 
Alpha - Stock Market Insights I Seeking Alpha 
New CEO and recent trading activity warranted a review of a 
holding that no longer files. Based on the environment, difficult 
y/y comparisons and results from competitors, 2015 is likely a 
down year 
seekingalpha.com 
'Not credible"??? 
How about the SEC's OWN words? 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-10-0 Usec-spots-a-way-to-starve-the-most-suspicious-penny-
stocks 
EFTA00011067
--- PAGE 18 ---
SEC Spots a Way to Starve the Most 
Suspicious Penny Stocks - Bloomberg 
"If a company is a dark company and listed in the OTC market 
and hasn't put out financials for six months, maybe it shouldn't 
be quoted or offered to retail investors," Redfearn said ... 
www.bloomberg.com 
See my comment letters on this subject. 
The SEC INTENTIONALLY puts the investing public at risk of frauds like this and thousands others like it. 
The core biz at NITE/VIRT,CDEL etc and the reason WHY the OTCM exists: Abusive naked shorting publicly 
traded shells to facilitate money laundering. 
Shells go dark only AFTER a massive fraud has been perpetrated on the investing public: Main Street 
ANOTHER "genius" degenerate: Apollo 
the grossly corrupt SEC: Bought and paid for by common criminals and degenerates 
IC, I have time for that REQUIRED 3rd party cc today 
Call me 
Cheers! 
Christo her Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Sunday, April 14, 2019 1:04 PM 
To: 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
A little Steffie Avakian//Heiss/O'Melveny/Wilmer Hale/ Apollo/Kushner Home Cooking! 
https://www.omm.com/professionals/howard-e-heiss/ 
EFTA00011068
--- PAGE 19 ---
st 
Howard E. Heiss - O'Melveny & Myers 
Howard Heiss has an extensive litigation practice focused on 
government regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, 
grand-jury investigations, and the defense of clients in criminal 
cases, with a particular emphasis on securities matters. 
www.omm.com 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1411494/000119312508077312/dsl.htm 
Form S-1- SEC.gov 
Table of Contents. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The securities 
may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is 
effective. 
www.sec.gov 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/people/jamie-gorelick 
Jamie Gorelick I WilmerHale 
Jamie Gorelick's career has spanned the legal, policy and corporate landscapes. As one of Washington's 
best-known litigators, Ms. Gorelick has represented corporations and individuals in a wide array of matters, 
particularly in the regulatory and enforcement arenas, involving issues as diverse as antitrust, 
environmental regulation, securities enforcement, national security regulation, etc. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/insights/news/former-director-of-the-fbi-robert-mueller-iii-joins-wilmerhale 
Former Director of the FBI Robert Mueller III 
Joins WilmerHale 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
joining the firm as a partner after serving as the sixth Director of 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), a position he took one 
week prior to the September 11 attacks and held for 12 years 
under two presidents. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.sec.gov/biography/avakian-stephanie 
EFTA00011069
--- PAGE 20 ---
SEC.gov I Stephanie Avakian 
Stephanie Avakian was named Co-Director of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of 
Enforcement in June 2017, after serving as Acting Director since December 2016. 
VAVW. sec goy 
SEC drops Apollo investigation after Kush Jr met with Harris at the WH 
and Apollo gives Kush's some $$$$ 
And, Apollo gets $60 bil+ in inflows in 2018 
Did I miss something? 
Cheers! 
You corrupt fucking scumbags 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, April 13, 2019 11:30 AM 
To: 
Subject: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Find a shell 
Find a fraud 
Enviromental Solutions Worldwide Inc 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001082278&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Florida? 
Pennsylvania? 
Or 
Canada? 
EFTA00011070
--- PAGE 21 ---
Welcomed on Cromwell/Wimpfheimer OTCM 
De registered in 2015 and Frozen in time 
Literally 
http://eswgroup.com/esw-group-corporate/our-board/ 
Our Board - ESW Group® 
MARK YUNG Mr Yung is Co-Founder and Managing Principal of 
OCV Management LLC ("OCV"), an investor, owner and operator 
of technology and life science companies based in Los Angeles. 
Previously, Mr. Yung was a Managing Director at Orchard Capital 
Corp., a firm he joined in 2006. Through his affiliation with [...] 
eswgroup.com 
Dozens of filings by former Milken (ahem) right hand man Leon Black, Apollo, his family Trust, et al 
Then, 
There's this: 
Has anyone (anyone) ever seen Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein on the other side of a trade? 
The ONLY SEC filing of Epsteins' Financial Trust Company Inc is in 
wait for it 
Leon Black/Apollo Environmental Solutions Worldwide 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000090901211000390/0000909012-11-000390-index.htm 
Enter the Amicus blocking release of Epstein docs 
Krieger, Kim and Lewin 
https://www.kkIllp.com/ 
Krieger Kim & Lewin LLP 
We are committed to providing the highest level of partner-driven representation in order to efficiently 
achieve client objectives. Over the last decade, we have conducted and supervised dozens of federal 
criminal trials involving some of the highest profile and most sensitive matters prosecuted by the United 
States Government. 
www.kkillp.com 
Financial fraud appears to be a specialty of this recently formed/SDNY Alum firm 
Now, 
it gets VERY interesting 
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/28/apollo-citigroup-loaned-kushner-companies-millions-new-york-times.html 
EFTA00011071
--- PAGE 22 ---
Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Kelly 
Kushner even discussed the possibility of a White House job for 
the founder of private equity firm Apollo, the New York Times 
reported on Tuesday. 
www.cnbc.com 
Where another Milken protege/Apollo founding partner Josh Harris was considered for a White House job 
"Coindences" 
https://nypost.com/2018/03/02/sec-dropped-probe-month-after-firm-aided-kushner-companyj
SEC dropped probe month after firm aided 
Kushner company 
The feds last year dropped an investigation into a financial 
company a month after the firm gave Jared Kushner's family real 
estate business a $180 million loan, a new report said Friday. 
There ... 
nypost.com 
Oh, baby 
$60 billion+ inflows in 2018 for Apollo 
https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180802005343/en/Apollo-Global-Management-LLC-Reports-
Quarter-2018 
Apollo Global Management, LLC Reports 
Second Quarter 2018 Results I Business Wire 
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apollo Global Management, LLC 
(NYSE:APO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "Apollo") 
today reported results for the second quarter ended June 30, 
2018. 
www.businesswire.com 
Mr's Krieger,Kim,Boltz et al: 
Discovery will be a hoot! 
EFTA00011072
--- PAGE 23 ---
Fucking A 
I am good 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
EFTA00011073


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011074.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011074.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Chris Dilorio 
To: ' 
EFTA00011074
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: Apollo/ Epstein!Kushner connection 
Date: Sat, 13 Apr 2019 17:30:57 +0000 
Find a shell 
Find a fraud 
Enviromental Solutions Worldwide Inc 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001082278&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Florida? 
Pennsylvania? 
Or 
Canada? 
Welcomed on Cromwell/Wimpfheimer OTCM 
De registered in 2015 and Frozen in time 
Literally 
http://eswgroup.com/esw-group-corporate/our-board/ 
Our Board - ESW Group® 
MARK YUNG Mr. Yung is Co-Founder and Managing Principal of 
OCV Management, LLC ("OCV"), an investor, owner and operator 
of technology and life science companies based in Los Angeles. 
Previously, Mr. Yung was a Managing Director at Orchard Capital 
Corp., a firm he joined in 2006. Through his affiliation with [...1 
eswgroup.com 
Dozens of filings by former Milken (ahem) right hand man Leon Black, Apollo, his family Trust, et al 
Then, 
There's this: 
Has anyone (anyone) ever seen Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein on the other side of a trade? 
The ONLY SEC filing of Epsteins' Financial Trust Company Inc is in 
wait for it 
Leon Black/Apollo Environmental Solutions Worldwide 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000090901211000390/0000909012-11-000390-index.htm 
Enter the Amicus blocking release of Epstein dots 
Krieger, Kim and Lewin 
https://www.kkIllp.com/ 
Krieger Kim & Lewin LLP 
EFTA00011075
--- PAGE 3 ---
We are committed to providing the highest level of partner-driven representation in order to efficiently 
achieve client objectives. Over the last decade, we have conducted and supervised dozens of federal 
criminal trials involving some of the highest profile and most sensitive matters prosecuted by the United 
States Government. 
www.kkIllp.com 
Financial fraud appears to be a specialty of this recently formed/SDNY Alum firm 
Now, 
it gets VERY interesting 
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/28/apollo-citigroup-loaned-kushner-companies-millions-new-york-times.html 
Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Kelly 
Kushner even discussed the possibility of a White House job for 
the founder of private equity firm Apollo, the New York Times 
reported on Tuesday. 
www.cnbc.com 
Where another Milken protege/Apollo founding partner Josh Harris was considered for a White House job 
"Coindences" 
https://nypost.com/2018/03/02/sec-dropped-probe-month-after-firm-aided-kushner-companyL
SEC dropped probe month after firm aided 
Kushner company 
The feds last year dropped an investigation into a financial 
company a month after the firm gave Jared Kushner's family real 
estate business a $180 million loan, a new report said Friday. 
There ... 
nypost.com 
Oh, baby 
$60 billion+ inflows in 2018 for Apollo 
https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180802005343/en/Apollo-Global-Management-LLC-Reports-
Quarter-2018 
EFTA00011076
--- PAGE 4 ---
Apollo Global Management, LLC Reports 
Second Quarter 2018 Results I Business Wire 
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apollo Global Management, LLC 
(NYSE:APO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, 'Apollo") 
today reported results for the second quarter ended June 30, 
2018. 
www.businesswire.com 
Mr's Krieger,Kim,Boltz et al: 
Discovery will be a hoot! 
Fucking A 
I am good 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
EFTA00011077


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011078.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011078.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Chris Dilorio 
'Io: 
"m.piwowar@milkeninstitute.com" <m.piwowar@milkeninstitute.com> 
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
EFTA00011078
--- PAGE 2 ---
Date: Sun, 14 Apr 2019 19:04:05 +0000 
A little Steffie Avakian//Heiss/O'Melveny/Wilmer Hale/ Apollo/Kushner Home Cooking) 
https://www.omm.com/professionals/howard-e-heiss/ 
Howard E. Heiss - O'Melveny & Myers 
Howard Heiss has an extensive litigation practice focused on 
government regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, 
grand-jury investigations, and the defense of clients in criminal 
cases, with a particular emphasis on securities matters. 
www.omm.com 
https://www.see.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1411494/000119312508077312/dsl.htm 
Form S-1 - SEC.gov 
Table of Contents. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The securities 
may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is 
effective. 
www.secgov 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/pgQ
Jamie Gorelick I WilmerHale 
Jamie Gorelick's career has spanned the legal, policy and corporate landscapes. As one of Washington's 
best-known litigators, Ms. Gorelick has represented corporations and individuals in a wide array of matters, 
particularly in the regulatory and enforcement arenas, involving issues as diverse as antitrust, 
environmental regulation, securities enforcement, national security regulation, etc. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/insights/news/forrner-director-of-the-fbi-robert-mueller-iii-joins-wilmerhale 
EFTA00011079
--- PAGE 3 ---
Former Director of the FBI Robert Mueller III 
Joins WilmerHale 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller Ill is 
joining the firm as a partner after serving as the sixth Director of 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), a position he took one 
week prior to the September 11 attacks and held for 12 years 
under two presidents. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
hftps://www.sec.gov/biography/avakian-stephanie
SEC.gov I Stephanie Avakian 
Stephanie Avakian was named Co-Director of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of 
Enforcement in June 2017, after serving as Acting Director since December 2016. 
www.sec.gov 
SEC drops Apollo investigation after Kush Jr met with Harris at the WH 
and Apollo gives Kush's some $$$$ 
And, Apollo gets $60 bil+ in inflows in 2018 
Did I miss something? 
Cheers! 
You corrupt fucking scumbags 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, April 13, 2019 11:30 AM 
To: 
EFTA00011080
--- PAGE 4 ---
Subject: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Find a shell 
Find a fraud 
Enviromental Solutions Worldwide Inc 
https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001082278&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Florida? 
Pennsylvania? 
Or 
Canada? 
Welcomed on Cromwell/Wimpfheimer OTCM 
De registered in 2015 and Frozen in time 
Literally 
http://eswgroup.com/esw-group-corporate/our-board/ 
Our Board - ESW Group® 
MARK YUNG Mr. Yung is Co-Founder and Managing Principal of 
OCV Management LLC ("OCV"), an investor, owner and operator 
of technology and life science companies based in Los Angeles. 
Previously, Mr. Yung was a Managing Director at Orchard Capital 
Corp., a firm he joined in 2006. Through his affiliation with [...] 
eswgroup.com 
Dozens of filings by former Milken (ahem) right hand man Leon Black, Apollo, his family Trust, et al 
Then, 
There's this: 
Has anyone (anyone) ever seen Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein on the other side of a trade? 
The ONLY SEC filing of Epsteins' Financial Trust Company Inc is in 
wait for it 
Leon Black/Apollo Environmental Solutions Worldwide 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000090901211000390/0000909012-11-000390-index.htm 
Enter the Amicus blocking release of Epstein docs 
Krieger, Kim and Lewin 
https://www.kkIllp.com/ 
Krieger Kim & Lewin LLP 
We are committed to providing the highest level of partner-driven representation in order to efficiently 
achieve client objectives. Over the last decade, we have conducted and supervised dozens of federal 
EFTA00011081
--- PAGE 5 ---
criminal trials involving some of the highest profile and most sensitive matters prosecuted by the United 
ctatoc nnviarnmont 
Financial fraud appears to be a specialty of this recently formed/SDNY Alum firm 
Now, 
it gets VERY interesting 
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/28/apollo-citigroup-loaned-kushner-companies-millions-new-york-times.html 
Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Kelly 
Kushner even discussed the possibility of a White House job for 
the founder of private equity firm Apollo, the New York Times 
reported on Tuesday. 
Where another Milken protege/Apollo founding partner Josh Harris was considered for a White House job 
"Coindences" 
https://nypost.com/2018/03/02/sec-dropped-probe-month-after-firm-aided-kushner-companyi
SEC dropped probe month after firm aided 
Kushner company 
The feds last year dropped an investigation into a financial 
company a month after the firm gave Jared Kushner's family real 
estate business a $180 million loan, a new report said Friday. 
There ... 
nypost.com 
Oh, baby 
$60 billion+ inflows in 2018 for Apollo 
https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180802005343/en/Apollo-Global-Management-LLC-Reports-
Quarter-2018 
EFTA00011082
--- PAGE 6 ---
Apollo Global Management, LLC Reports 
Second Quarter 2018 Results I Business Wire 
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apollo Global Management, LLC 
(NYSE:APO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, 'Apollo") 
today reported results for the second quarter ended June 30, 
2018. 
www.businesswire.com 
Mr's Krieger,Kim,Boltz et al: 
Discovery will be a hoot! 
Fucking A 
I am good 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
EFTA00011083


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011084.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011084.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Chris Dilorio 
To: 
EFTA00011084
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: Fw: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Date: Thu, 25 Apr 2019 12:27:36 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.png 
ESWW: A money laundering NASDACUOTCM shell 
Milken degenerate Leon Black/Joshua Harris: Apollo 
AND 
Jeffrey Epstein 
The SEC has known for years that Epstein is running a extortion/Ponzi/Slush Fund 
My Claims AGAIN 
https://seekingalpha.com/article/3715526-environmental-solutions-worldwide-revisiting-holding-gone-dark-
can-sleep-better-night?mod=mw quote news 
Environmental Solutions Worldwide: Revisiting 
A Holding That's Gone Dark, So I Can Sleep 
Better At Night - Environmental Solutions 
Worldwide, Inc. (OTCMKTS:ESWW) I Seeking 
Alpha - Stock Market Insights I Seeking Alpha 
New CEO and recent trading activity warranted a review of a 
holding that no longer files. Based on the environment, difficult 
y/y comparisons and results from competitors, 2015 is likely a 
down year 
seekingalpha.com 
'Not credible"??? 
How about the SEC's OWN words? 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/201 8-10-0 1 /sec-spots-a-way-to-starve-the-most-suspicious-penny-
stocks 
EFTA00011085
--- PAGE 3 ---
"If a company is a dark company and listed in the OTC market 
and hasn't put out financials for six months, maybe it shouldn't 
be quoted or offered to retail investors," Redfearn said ... 
See my comment letters on this subject. 
The SEC INTENTIONALLY puts the investing public at risk of frauds like this and thousands others like it. 
The core biz at NITE/VIRT,CDEL etc and the reason WHY the OTCM exists: Abusive naked shorting publicly 
traded shells to facilitate money laundering. 
Shells go dark only AFTER a massive fraud has been perpetrated on the investing public: Main Street 
ANOTHER "genius" degenerate: Apollo 
the grossly corrupt SEC: Bought and paid for by common criminals and degenerates 
IC, I have time for that REQUIRED 3rd party cc today 
Call me 
Cheers! 
Christopher Dilorio 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Sunday, April 4, 2019 1:04 PM 
To: 
• rw: P 
/ P 
/ 
A little Steffie Avakian//Heiss/O'Melveny/Wilmer Hale/ Apollo/Kushner Home Cooking! 
https://www.omm.com/professionals/howard-e-heiss/ 
EFTA00011086
--- PAGE 4 ---
st 
Howard E. Heiss - O'Melveny & Myers 
Howard Heiss has an extensive litigation practice focused on 
government regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, 
grand-jury investigations, and the defense of clients in criminal 
cases, with a particular emphasis on securities matters. 
www.omm.com 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1411494/000119312508077312/dsl.htm 
Form S-1- SEC.gov 
Table of Contents. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The securities 
may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is 
effective. 
www.sec.gov 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/people/jamie-gorelick 
Jamie Gorelick I WilmerHale 
Jamie Gorelick's career has spanned the legal, policy and corporate landscapes. As one of Washington's 
best-known litigators, Ms. Gorelick has represented corporations and individuals in a wide array of matters, 
particularly in the regulatory and enforcement arenas, involving issues as diverse as antitrust, 
environmental regulation, securities enforcement, national security regulation, etc. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.wilmerhale.com/en/insights/news/former-director-of-the-fbi-robert-mueller-iii-joins-wilmerhale 
Former Director of the FBI Robert Mueller III 
Joins WilmerHale 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
joining the firm as a partner after serving as the sixth Director of 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), a position he took one 
week prior to the September 11 attacks and held for 12 years 
under two presidents. 
www.wilmerhale.com 
https://www.sec.gov/biography/avakian-stephanie 
EFTA00011087
--- PAGE 5 ---
SEC.gov I Stephanie Avakian 
Stephanie Avakian was named Co-Director of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of 
Enforcement in June 2017, after serving as Acting Director since December 2016. 
VA VW. sec .gov 
SEC drops Apollo investigation after Kush Jr met with Harris at the WH 
and Apollo gives Kush's some $$$$ 
And, Apollo gets $60 bil+ in inflows in 2018 
Did I miss something? 
Cheers! 
You corrupt fucking scumbags 
From: Chris Dilorio 
Sent: Saturday, April 13, 2019 11:30 AM 
To: 
Subject: Apollo/ Epstein/Kushner connection 
Find a shell 
Find a fraud 
Enviromental Solutions Worldwide Inc 
https://www.sec.govicgi-bin/browse-edgar? 
action=getcompany&CIK=0001082278&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0
Florida? 
Pennsylvania? 
Or 
Canada? 
EFTA00011088
--- PAGE 6 ---
Welcomed on Cromwell/Wimpfheimer OTCM 
De registered in 2015 and Frozen in time 
Literally 
http://eswgroup.com/esw-group-corporate/our-board/ 
Our Board - ESW Group® 
MARK YUNG Mr Yung is Co-Founder and Managing Principal of 
OCV Management LLC ("OCV"), an investor, owner and operator 
of technology and life science companies based in Los Angeles. 
Previously, Mr. Yung was a Managing Director at Orchard Capital 
Corp., a firm he joined in 2006. Through his affiliation with [...] 
eswgroup.com 
Dozens of filings by former Milken (ahem) right hand man Leon Black, Apollo, his family Trust, et al 
Then, 
There's this: 
Has anyone (anyone) ever seen Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein on the other side of a trade? 
The ONLY SEC filing of Epsteins' Financial Trust Company Inc is in 
wait for it 
Leon Black/Apollo Environmental Solutions Worldwide 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082278/000090901211000390/0000909012-11-000390-index.htm 
Enter the Amicus blocking release of Epstein docs 
Krieger, Kim and Lewin 
https://www.kkIllp.com/ 
Krieger Kim & Lewin LLP 
We are committed to providing the highest level of partner-driven representation in order to efficiently 
achieve client objectives. Over the last decade, we have conducted and supervised dozens of federal 
criminal trials involving some of the highest profile and most sensitive matters prosecuted by the United 
States Government. 
www.kkillp.com 
Financial fraud appears to be a specialty of this recently formed/SDNY Alum firm 
Now, 
it gets VERY interesting 
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/28/apollo-citigroup-loaned-kushner-companies-millions-new-york-times.html 
EFTA00011089
--- PAGE 7 ---
Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Kelly 
Kushner even discussed the possibility of a White House job for 
the founder of private equity firm Apollo, the New York Times 
reported on Tuesday. 
www.cnbc.com 
Where another Milken protege/Apollo founding partner Josh Harris was considered for a White House job 
"Coindences" 
https://nypost.com/2018/03/02/sec-dropped-probe-month-after-firm-aided-kushner-companyj
SEC dropped probe month after firm aided 
Kushner company 
The feds last year dropped an investigation into a financial 
company a month after the firm gave Jared Kushner's family real 
estate business a $180 million loan, a new report said Friday. 
There ... 
nypost.com 
Oh, baby 
$60 billion+ inflows in 2018 for Apollo 
https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180802005343/en/Apollo-Global-Management-LLC-Reports-
Quarter-2018 
Apollo Global Management, LLC Reports 
Second Quarter 2018 Results I Business Wire 
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apollo Global Management, LLC 
(NYSE:APO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "Apollo") 
today reported results for the second quarter ended June 30, 
2018. 
www.businesswire.com 
Mr's Krieger,Kim,Boltz et al: 
Discovery will be a hoot! 
EFTA00011090
--- PAGE 8 ---
Fucking A 
I am good 
Cheers! 
Christo her Dilorio 
EFTA00011091


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011092.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011092.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: -W: Jeffrey Epstein accusers detail abuse in NBC News exclusive 
Date: Fri, 20 Sep 2019 16:37:43 +0000 
Here's the TODAY show piece. 
Original Message 
From: Dienst, Jonathan (NBCUniversal) 
Sent: Friday, September 20, 2019 12:34 PM 
To 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein accusers detail abuse in NBC News exclusive 
https://www.today.com/video/jeffrey-epstein-accusers-detail-abuse-in-nbc-news-exclusive-69459525763 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00011092


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011093.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011093.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc 
Subject: travel approval request 
Date: Thu, 14 Mar 2019 22:32:01 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm 
Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on Saturday. 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011093


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011094.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011094.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fra
l 
Subject: Fwd: SAS: Request 21000415 has been approved 
Date: The, 12 Oct 2021 13:54:27 +0000 
Attachments: Witness Immunity-2 1000415.pdf 
Please see below. We will reach out to victim attorneys today or tomorrow. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: OEO Special Approvals System <crm.no-reply@usdoj.gov> 
Date: October 12 2021 at 9:39:04 AM EDT 
Subject: SAS: Request 21000415 has been approved 
To whom it may concern, 
Your Witness Immunity request (21000415), submitted to us on 09/24/2021 has been approved. 
Please see attached approval letter for details. 
EFTA00011094


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011095.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011095.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire 
and Voir Dire 
Date: Wed, 13 Oct 2021 16:14:27 +0000 
Attachments: Notice_of Motion_-Voir Dire.pdf; ATT00001.htm; MOL-JURY_VOIR_DIRE_10-13-
21.pdf; ATT00002.htm 
Good afternoon-
Attached please find courtesy copies of today's ECF filings. 
Re ards-
EFTA00011095


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011096.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011096.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
x 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
x 
S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW IN SUPPORT OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL'S 
MOTION FOR INDIVIDUAL SEQUESTERED JUROR VOIR DIRE 
AND LIMITED COUNSEL-CONDUCTED VOIR DIRE 
Christian R. Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
800 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 
212-957-7600 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
Laura A. Menninger 
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. 
150 East 10th Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
303-831-7364 
Bobbi C. Sternheim 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
225 Broadway -Suite 715 
New York, NY 10007 
212-243-1100 
Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell 
EFTA00011096
--- PAGE 2 ---
INTRODUCTION 
Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell submits this memorandum of law in support of her motion 
for individual sequestered voir dire of prospective jurors and limited attorney-conducted voir 
dire. 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
The Court has already determined that a juror questionnaire is appropriate in this case. 
Pursuant to the Court's order, the parties recently submitted, under seal, a joint proposed jury 
questionnaire. The Court has scheduled three days for prospective jurors to complete the final 
Court-approved questionnaire, and four days to conduct examination of prospective jurors. 
But a questionnaire by itself is not sufficient in this case to root out potential juror bias 
and to permit the attorneys to exercise intelligent peremptory challenges. Supplementing a 
robust questionnaire with individual sequestered voir dire and limited examination of jurors by 
counsel is necessary in this case because of the sensitive subject matter of the charges and two 
types of unfairly prejudicial media attention: (i) the pretrial publicity that this case has received 
and will continue to receive throughout the duration of the trial and (ii) the extensive prior 
negative publicity concerning Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein. 
The intense negative media coverage of Ms. Maxwell and Epstein, most profoundly in 
the aftermath of his death in August 2019 and the arrest of Ms. Maxwell in July 2020, has 
significantly increased the likelihood that prospective jurors will report to jury selection with 
preconceptions, impressions, and opinions about the conduct at issue in the trial and those 
accused of the charges in the indictment: Ms. Maxwell and Epstein An unprecedented amount of 
media coverage has focused on this case, Ms. Maxwell and Epstein. The publicity includes 
extensive coverage in the press, including newspapers, magazines, and on-line sites; in broadcast 
media, including regular and cable television stations, radio, and streaming platforms, such as 
EFTA00011097
--- PAGE 3 ---
Netflix, Peacock, and Amazon; in podcasts and YouTube recordings; in social media sites, such 
as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter; in online sites, chat rooms and blogs. The publicity has 
covered a wide range of topics including and beyond those that will be presented at trial. 
Prospective jurors may also have a strong reaction to the sensitive nature of the charges 
and some of the evidence that to be adduced at trial. Epstein's arrests and prior conviction for 
sexual misconduct, allegations of his sexual misconduct of minors over the course of two 
decades, and his untimely death awaiting his federal trial will be front and center during Ms. 
Maxwell's upcoming trial. 
The standard voir dire typically conducted by the Court is insufficient for this case and 
will be redundant to questions posed in the proposed jury questionnaire. A written questionnaire 
coupled with sequestered voir dire of individual prospective jurors and limited open-ended 
questioning by counsel will assist the Court and parties in determining whether prospective 
jurors have developed prejudicial preconceptions regarding this case, Ms. Maxwell, and Epstein 
due to this intense media coverage and pretrial publications and broadcasts. 
EFTA00011098
--- PAGE 4 ---
ARGUMENT 
I. THE APPLICABLE LAW 
A prospective juror may be excused for cause based on many forms of bias or partiality. 
As the Second Circuit has explained, juror partiality can be actual, implied, or inferred: 
Actual bias is "bias in fact," generally evidenced by "express proof," 
such as a juror's admission to "a state of mind prejudicial to a party's 
interest." Implied bias is "bias conclusively presumed as a matter of 
law" from circumstances in which an average person in the position 
of the prospective juror would be prejudiced. Inferred bias exists 
"when a juror discloses a fact that bespeaks a risk of partiality 
sufficiently significant to warrant granting the trial judge discretion 
to excuse the juror for cause, but not so great as to make mandatory 
a presumption of bias." 
United States v. Quinones, 511 F.3d 289, 301 (2d Cir. 2007) (quoting United States v. Haynes, 
398 F.2d 980, 984 (2d Cir. 1968) and United States v. Torres, 128 F.3d 38, 45 (2d Cir. 1997)). 
All types of bias can properly form the basis to excuse a juror for cause. See id. Thus, the jury 
selection process should screen for each type. See id. 
Voir dire plays an important role in ensuring that juries are fair and impartial by allowing 
the Court and parties to uncover unfair actual, implied, or inferred bias. It serves to protect the 
Constitutional right of a fair trial "by exposing possible biases, both known and unknown, on the 
part of potential jurors." United States v. Stewart, 433 F.3d 273, 303 (2d Cir. 2006). For these 
reasons, district courts routinely use their broad discretion to issue written jury questionnaires in 
conducting voir dire, particularly in cases involving extensive pretrial publicity or hot-button 
issues. See, e.g., Skilling v. United States, 130 S. Ct. 2896, 2919 (2010) (approving district 
court's use of questionnaire in trial of former Enron executive, Jeffrey Skilling); United States v. 
Robert Sylvester Kelly, 19 Cr. 286 (AMD) (EDNY) ("R. Kelly case"); United States v. Elizabeth 
Holmes, 18 Cr. 258 (EJD) (NDCA) ("Theranos case"); United States v. Keith Rainier, 18 Cr. 204 
(NGG) (EDNY) ("Nexium case"). 
EFTA00011099
--- PAGE 5 ---
Individual voir dire is appropriate and within the court's discretion in cases like this 
where the potential jury pool has been exposed to extensive pretrial publicity and may harbor 
prejudice against the defendant, and where the allegations touch on issues that are potentially 
inflammatory. See Stewart, 433 F.3d at 303; see also United States v. Rahman,189 F.3d 88, 122 
(2d Cir. 1999). Using individual voir dire, in addition to a juror questionnaire, is necessary in 
this case (i) to expose potential biases by maximizing the likelihood that members of the venire 
will respond honestly to questions, and (ii) to avoid contaminating unbiased members of the 
venire when other members disclose prior knowledge of prejudicial information or blurt out a 
prejudicial remark. As the Supreme Court has stated: 
It may sometimes be necessary to question on voir dire prospective 
jurors individually or in small groups, both to maximize the 
likelihood that members of the venire will respond honestly to 
questions concerning bias, and to avoid contaminating unbiased 
members of the venire when other members disclose prior 
knowledge of prejudicial information. 
Nebraska Press Ass 'n v. Stuart, 427 U.S. 539, 602 (1976). 
IL THE JURY POOL HAS BEEN AND WILL CONTINUE TO BE EXPOSED TO 
SUBSTANTIAL PRETRIAL PUBLICITY ABOUT GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, AND THIS CASE 
A. A Tsunami of Pretrial Publicity About this Case 
Countless articles, books, podcasts, television shows, and docuseries from various 
sources have been published and broadcast concerning this case since it was filed in July 2020. 
This followed closely on the heels of an avalanche of media reports preceding and following 
Epstein's arrest in July 2019 and following his death in August 2019. A tsunami of reporting in 
every conceivable form — newspapers, magazines, books, television, radio, video streaming 
services, podcasts, social media platforms — has broadcast this case locally, nationally, and 
globally. Without a doubt, and without any credible evidentiary basis, Ms. Maxwell has been 
EFTA00011100
--- PAGE 6 ---
tried, convicted, and condemned in the court of public opinion. Based on widespread coverage of 
her extraordinary and miserable conditions of pretrial detention, unworn "jurors" likely believe 
sentence has already been imposed. The pretrial publicity and publications are far too extensive 
to list. As of this writing, a simple Internet search by Google yields the following: 
• Ghislaine Maxwell: "about 4,590,000 results (0.77 seconds)" 
• Jeffrey Epstein: "about 25,800,000 results (0.87 seconds)" 
Neither Ms. Maxwell nor her undersigned defense team has ever spoken to the media and have 
not contributed to the polluting effect of this unprecedented coverage. 
In addition, there have been numerous books, podcasts, and documentaries published and 
broadcast about Ms. Maxwell, Epstein, and the allegations in this case. The following is just a 
small sample of recent publications concerning Ms. Maxwell: 
Documentaries 
• Jeffrey Epstein: Filthy Rich (Netflix) 
• Notorious: Ghislaine Maxwell (ABC 20/20) 
• Epstein's Shadow: Ghislaine Maxwell (Peacock) 
Podcasts: 
• Chasing Ghislaine: The Untold Story of the Woman in Epstein's Shadow 
(Vicky Ward) 
• Hunting Ghislaine (John Sweeney) 
• The Ghislaine Maxwell Spiral (Audible) 
Books: 
• Ghislaine Maxwell (Steve H. Dwight) 
• Relentless Pursuit: My Fight for the Victims of Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine 
Maxwell (Bradley Edwards) 
• Trash: Encounters with Ghislaine Maxwell (Christina Oxenberg) 
• Perversion of Justice (Julie K. Brown) 
EFTA00011101
--- PAGE 7 ---
• Ghislaine Maxwell: The Rise and Fall of Manhattan's Most Famous Socialite 
(Nigel Cawthome) 
• 
The Spider: Insider the Criminal Web of Jeey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell 
(Barry Levin) 
• 
Jeffrey Epstein's Other Women: Behind Ghislaine Maxwell (Lisa Tait) 
• 
The Jeffrey Epstein Case: What We Do and Don't Know About Jeffrey Epstein 
and Ghislaine Maxwell (Stephen Wright) 
Much of the pretrial reporting, publications, and broadcasts refer to Epstein's 2008 case 
in Florida and the public outrage over his charges, plea deal, the leniency he received. The 
aftermath of this coverage resulted in the resignation of Labor Secretary Alex Acosta, former 
U.S. Attorney of the Southern District of Florida, whose office was the subject of an inquiry 
conducted by the Department of Justice's Office of Professional Responsibility ("OPR") 
concerning the federal criminal investigation of Epstein and its interactions with victims. OPR 
released a report of its investigation in November 2020, which again led to a series of media 
articles about Epstein's conduct and the appropriateness of the deal he received. The effect of 
such recurring reporting regarding Epstein has had an incalculable spillover effect that has 
indelibly stained Ms. Maxwell and significantly impacted her ability to receive a fair trial by an 
impartial jury. 
B. Allegations of Sex Abuse Abound in New York 
Ms. Maxwell approaches trial under the cloud of massive negative publicity focused on 
one of the most sensational, hot-button social issues in recent years - sexual harassment and 
abuse of females of all ages, including inappropriate sexual contact with minors. High-profile 
investigations, prosecutions, and trials involving politicians, moguls and celebrities are daily 
occurrences. New York has been the venue for some of the most notorious events, including but 
hardly limited to the recent investigation and resignation of Governor Andrew Cuomo and trials 
and convictions of Harvey Weinstein and R. Kelly. These are not rare occurrences. Consider the 
EFTA00011102
--- PAGE 8 ---
downfall of other prominent New Yorkers due to sex scandals: former Governors David Paterson 
and Andrew Spitzer, former New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, former U.S. 
Congressman Andrew Wiener, not to mention the many New York-based television celebrities 
against whom serious allegations of sexual abuse have been alleged: Matt Lauer, Roger Ailes, 
Bill O'Reilly. 
The fact that a woman now stands trial for charges almost exclusively alleged against 
men heightens the interest and intrigue of this case. There are literally hundreds if not thousands 
of negative articles about Ms. Maxwell and Epstein in the very newspapers, television stations, 
and streaming platforms to which the jury pool in this case are regularly exposed (New York 
Daily News, New York Post, New York Times, Wall Street Journal, NY 1, ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, 
NeWix, Peacock). 
The jury pool from which the jury in this case will be selected has been exposed to more 
than its fair share of media coverage fomenting public outrage at individuals accused of sex 
crimes, like Ms. Maxwell. The negative publicity has been so pervasive, vitriolic, and extreme 
that Ms. Maxwell has been demonized in the press. While the Court has no power to protect Ms. 
Maxwell from such public contempt, it can exercise its supervisory powers and discretion and 
implement protocols designed to obtain an open-minded jury sworn to return a verdict based 
solely on evidence presented at trial. 
III. A ROBUST JURY QUESTIONNAIRE AND INDIVIDUAL VOIR DIRE ARE 
NECESSARY FOR THIS CASE 
A. A Questionnaire Alone Is Insufficient to Uncover Potential Juror Bias 
In cases like this—where there has been pervasive media exposure that inflames passions 
about the underlying events and demonizes a party—prospective jurors can form biases long 
before they appear for jury service. Once a pretrial judgment is made, the concepts of "belief 
EFTA00011103
--- PAGE 9 ---
persistence" and "confirmation bias" are at work. Belief persistence occurs when an opinion 
formed is resistant to change even when proven wrong. Confirmation bias occurs when an 
individual forms an opinion early in the decision-making process and then evaluates new 
information in a way that supports the earlier decision.' The jury questionnaire is the first 
opportunity jurors have to tell the lawyers and the Court what they are thinking and, more 
importantly, what influenced them to think that way. 
Given the likelihood intense media scrutiny of this trial, it is critical to use both a robust 
written jury questionnaire and individual sequestered voir dire to inquire about the extent to 
which each potential juror has been exposed to pretrial publicity and to what extent each juror 
has formed an opinion of Ms. Maxwell and Epstein 
Because there is always the fear that a discussion of pretrial publicity in front of the entire 
jury pool will contaminate those few jurors who have not been subjected to the publicity, a jury 
questionnaire and individual voir dire in a case such as this is particularly warranted. If the Court 
were to engage in public questioning of the venire panel en masse, answers could infect the 
entire panel. Alternatively, concerns about a panel member's unanticipated answer may render 
the questions too carefully worded to uncover the problem. Further, questions asked pose privacy 
concerns that would require constant side bars. A questionnaire can solve some, but not all, of 
these issues. 
Individual sequestered voir dire would encourage jurors to answer questions more 
completely and more honestly because the jurors would not be influenced by (or influence) the 
answers given by fellow jurors or fear embarrassment in giving an honest response. Jurors avoid 
the pressure to give "right" or socially acceptable answers in front of a large group or to parrot 
I See Hope, Memon & McGeorge, Understanding Pretrial Publicity: Predecisional Distortion of Evidence by Mock 
Jurors, 10 J. Experimental Psych. Applied, 111-119 (2004). 
EFTA00011104
--- PAGE 10 ---
answers that seem acceptable to the Court and counsel. For example, in this case it is necessary 
to ask jurors if they or a family member have ever been a victim of sexual abuse—a question that 
most jurors will not be inclined to answer in public. In a case that has received media attention or 
involves a well-known defendant, a larger jury panel is often assembled in an attempt to increase 
the odds of obtaining a fair jury. The paradox is that a larger panel can mean that jurors are even 
less inclined to speak up in front of a large group. Accordingly, in a high-publicity case such as 
this, q questionnaire alone is insufficient. 
B. Individual Sequestered Voir Dire is Necessary Due to the Sensitive Nature 
of the Charges 
The nature of the charges in this case poses special problems for jury selection rarely 
encountered in the average federal jury trial. The crimes charged (concerning sexual abuse of 
minors) are particularly inflammatory and of great concern to communities from which jurors are 
drawn. The charges tap into strongly held moral, ethical, and religious beliefs concerning 
appropriate, inappropriate, and immoral behavior and conduct, and can produce visceral and 
emotional reactions leading to more severe judgments based on preconceived viewpoints rather 
than on admissible evidence presented at trial As such, prospective jurors' opinion and beliefs 
regarding the nature of the crimes charged will need to be addressed through procedures that 
maximize juror openness, honesty, and candor. 
It is only through in-depth questioning and exploration of jurors' views on these issues 
that both the defense and prosecution can uncover what is needed to pursue challenges for cause 
and to intelligently exercise peremptory challenges. The experiences and backgrounds of jurors 
could have significant bearing on the potential biases that they have. A variety of potential 
experiences, both general (e.g., being a victim of a crime or closely related to a victim) and 
specific (e.g., harassment, molestation, unwanted sexual contact, sexual assault, rape, domestic 
EFTA00011105
--- PAGE 11 ---
violence, etc.) are relevant to the subject matter of this case. Such experiences are of a highly 
personal nature, the revelation of which in a public courtroom could lead to embarrassment and 
emotional distress. As a result, issues relevant to this case need to be addressed in a sensitive 
and private setting. 
The jury selection procedures normally used by this Court — i.e., group voir dire with 
questioning exclusively by the judge — pose heightened problems to an effective and informative 
voir dire in a case involving topics that are difficult to discuss, let alone in a large public forum. 
It is typically anxiety producing and discomforting for jurors to make public disclosures. This 
case amplifies the likelihood that jurors will be more apprehensive and constrained to respond 
openly and honestly in open court within earshot of other jurors, members of the public, and the 
media. 
IV. ATTORNEY-CONDUCTED VOIR DIRE PERMITS A MORE INFORMED 
EXERCISE OF FOR CAUSE AND PEREMPTORY CHALLENGES 
Rule 24(a) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure grants the Court broad discretion in 
conducting the voir dire examination. The Court has the right to control who conducts the voir 
dire and has the discretion to allow attorneys to conduct some, or all, of the voir dire. Fed. R. 
Civ. P. 24(a)(1) and (2) ("The court may examine prospective jurors or may permit the attorneys 
for the parties to do so."). 
The Court should grant a limited period of attorney-conducted voir dire after the Court's 
general voir dire because it will yield more complete information about the potential jurors for 
the proper exercise of peremptory challenges. For a peremptory challenge to serve its purposes, it 
must be intelligently exercised. This requires that the parties obtain sufficient information from 
the potential jurors upon which to base their challenges. United States v. Ledee, 549 F.2d 990, 
993 (5th Cir.), cert. denied, 434 U.S. 902 (1977) ("Peremptory challenges are worthless if trial 
EFTA00011106
--- PAGE 12 ---
counsel is not afforded an opportunity to gain the necessary information upon which to base such 
strikes."). Without the opportunity for counsel to effectively probe for hidden prejudices, it 
would be difficult to accomplish the goal of exercising sensitive and intelligent peremptory 
challenges. 
A. The Attorneys Have More In-Depth Knowledge of the Case 
It is counsel, not the Court, who is in the best position to obtain the information necessary 
to exercise intelligent peremptory challenges through attorney-conducted voir dire. The 
attorneys have more in-depth knowledge of the case than the Court. See, e.g., United States v. 
Cleveland, 1997 WL 2554 at *3 (E.D. LA. Jan. 2, 1997). Important follow-up questions are more 
likely to occur to an advocate than a judge for several reasons, including the fact that a judge 
"does not have the advocate's awareness that soon [s]he will be making peremptory challenges 
based on inferences from what prospective jurors have said" and the fact that "the judge does not 
know the case of either party in detail, so that [s]he cannot realize when responses have opened 
areas for further inquiry."2 As the Fifth Circuit has recognized: 
A judge cannot have the same grasp of the facts, the complexities 
and nuances as the trial attorneys entrusted with the preparation of 
the case. The court does not know the strength and weaknesses of 
each litigant's case. Justice requires that each lawyer be given an 
opportunity to ferret out possible bias and prejudice of which the 
juror himself may be unaware until certain facts are revealed. 
Ledee, 549 F.2d at 993 (citing Frates and Greer, Jury Voir Dire: The Lawyer's Perspective, 2 
A.B.A. Litigation No. 2 (1976)). Indeed, the Fifth Circuit later amplified this concept, stating 
that "voir dire may have little meaning if it is not conducted at least in part by counsel." 
While Federal Rules [sic] of Criminal Procedure 24(a) gives wide 
discretion to the trial Court, voir dire may have little meaning if it is 
not conducted at least in part by counsel. The "federal" practice of 
almost exclusive voir dire examination by the Court does not take 
Babcock, Voir Dire: Preserving "Its Wonderful Power", 27 Stan. L. Rev. 545, 549 (1975). 
EFTA00011107
--- PAGE 13 ---
into account the fact that it is the parties, rather than the Court, who 
have a full grasp of the nuances and the strength and weaknesses of 
the case... Experience indicates that in the majority of situations 
questioning by counsel would be more likely to fulfill this need [for 
information upon which to base the intelligent exercise of 
peremptory challenges] than an exclusive examination in general 
terms by the trial Court. 
United States v. Ible, 630 F.2d 389, 395 (5th Cir. 1980). 
In this case, voir dire conducted solely by the Court will interfere with the intelligent 
exercise of peremptory challenges. Attorneys have been working on this case well over a year. 
They are most likely to know the areas of questioning that must be explored to further uncover 
the prejudices that are most pertinent to the evidence that will be presented at trial. They also act 
with an awareness that they will have to base peremptory challenges on the juror's answers. 
Permitting attorney-conducted voir dire in addition to Court voir dire will therefore maximize the 
information obtained in voir dire. 
B. The Extensive Pretrial Publicity Related to This Case Necessitates Attorney-
Conducted Voir Dire 
The possibility of prejudice in this case due to the extensive pretrial publicity is so great 
that specific voir dire questions by counsel are necessary. In United States v. Davis, the Fifth 
Circuit held that the district court erred in not undertaking a more thorough examination of panel 
members exposed to publicity ("[W]here the nature of the publicity as a whole raised a 
significant possibility of prejudice, the cursory questioning by the court was not enough."). A 
district court is required, under Davis, to determine what each juror may have heard or read and 
how it may have affected his attitude toward the trial, and whether any juror's impartiality had 
been destroyed. Id; see also Silverthorne v. United States, 400 F.2d 627, 638 (9th Cir. 1968) 
("[I]n the absence of an examination designed to elicit answers which provide an objective basis 
EFTA00011108
--- PAGE 14 ---
for the court's evaluation, `merely going through the form of obtaining jurors' assurances of 
impartiality is insufficient [to test that impartiality]") (citation omitted). 
Because it is extremely likely that prospective jurors have been exposed to potentially 
prejudicial pretrial publicity, specific, individual voir dire is required. Davis, 583 F.2d at 196-97. 
To increase the likelihood that any hidden prejudices of the jurors will be uncovered, to 
accomplish the goal of exercising sensitive and intelligent peremptory challenges, and to ensure 
that a fair and impartial jury is empaneled in this case, counsel should be given an opportunity to 
individually examine prospective jurors. 
Individual sequestered voir dire conducted jointly by counsel and the Court has a variety 
of benefits. It invites a conversation rather than posing an interrogation. It eliminates the pressure 
on jurors to provide socially desirable or acceptable answers in a group setting, reduces 
conformity pressures that can diminish candor, and removes the risk of other jurors being 
influenced by statements made during group voir dire that enable them to either stay on the jury 
or be removed for cause. It increases juror comfort, minimizes the anxiety of public speaking, 
encourages candor, and promotes honesty. 
Furthermore, questioning conducted exclusively by the Court further hampers the ability 
to uncover important information about jurors because it places jurors in a subordinate position 
heightening their reluctance to be candid. Attorney-conducted questioning bridges the status gap 
between the humble layperson and the honorable judicial officer exalted high above the venire. 
Research indicates that expansive voir dire yields greater revelations of juror bias; and in-depth 
attorney-conducted voir dire combined with individual sequestered voir dire elicits greater 
See, e.g., Moran, Cutler & Loftus. Jury Selection in Major Controlled Substance Trials: The Need for Extended 
Voir Dire, 3 Forensics Reports 331(1990). 
EFTA00011109
--- PAGE 15 ---
admissions of bias on the part of jurors.4 In-depth voir dire including limited open-ended 
questions posed by counsel also helps to attack the minimization effect, whereby jurors often 
seek to decrease the extremity of their opinions in addition to their exposure to and the impact of 
pretrial publicity.' 
C. The Court Can Reasonably Limit the Scope of Attorney-Conducted Voir Dire 
The Court can also fairly and reasonably limit the time and scope of the attorney-
conducted voir dire and prevent any abuse of the process. For example, the Court can direct 
demand that the attorneys restrict themselves to new or proscribed areas of examination or 
relevant follow-up examination to ferret out bias and prejudice. In addition, the Court can 
legitimately place a specific time limit on attorney-conducted voir dire. Permitting each party 
one minute per juror (expanded to three minutes if there is basis to pursue a cause challenge) is 
eminently justifiable after basic voir dire has been conducted by the Court. An attorney who is 
given mere minutes for additional voir dire examination is unlikely to waste that precious time. 
Permitting each party a mere minute of attorney-conducted voir dire will increase the possibility 
of rooting out prejudice and bias in this unique case. 
D. The Uniqueness of This Case Warrants Limited Attorney-Conducted Voir Dire 
The conventional voir dire procedures utilized in this district are inadequate to screen 
venire members for bias and prejudice due to the nature of the charges and the extensive pretrial 
publicity and exposure. This case presents unique issues that require an expansion of traditional 
voir dire protocols. 
Johnson & Haney, Felony Voir Dire: An exploratory Study of its Contents and Effect, 18 Law and Human 
Behavior 309 (1994). 
Vidmar, Case Studies of Pre• and Madinat Prejudice in Criminal and Civil Litigation, 26 Law and Human 
Behavior 73 (2002). 
EFTA00011110
--- PAGE 16 ---
This application is not seeking to conduct unduly invasive questioning, to "pre-try" the 
case to the venire, to create impressions or sympathies which will help either party during the 
trial, or to unreasonably extend the time for July selection. The Court can restrict attorneys to 
posing open-ended questions to identify bias, prejudice and preconceptions, subject to reasonable 
time limits. 
Long ago, the Supreme Court observed: 
Impartiality is not a technical conception. It is a state of mind. For 
the ascertainment of this mental attitude of appropriate indifference, 
the Constitution lays down no tests and procedure is not chained to 
any ancient and artificial formula. 
United States v. Wood, 299 U.S. 123, 145-146 (1936). Like impartiality, bias, prejudice, and 
preconceptions are mental states, making them all the more difficult to identify and assess when 
a prospective juror is not forthcoming in revealing these mental attitudes. Limited attorney-
conducted voir dire will help uncover any potential bias in the jury pool. 
CONCLUSION 
Voir dire is a mutual search between lawyers and the Court to determine whether a 
particular individual can ensure integrity of the trial process in each case. In the words of a 
federal appeals judge: 
We would, as judges, have to ignore what we know as men to 
assume that only the law and the naked facts carry the burden of 
persuasion. Psychology governs human affairs even in the 
courtroom... Our system of justice is deprived of its fullest potential 
when the lawyer is denied the right to examine veniremen in an 
adversary setting. 
Honorable Donald P. Lay (8th Cir.) "In a Fair Adversary System, the Lawyer Should Conduct 
the Voir Dire of the Jury." 
EFTA00011111
--- PAGE 17 ---
Considering the sensitive nature of the charges and the pervasive pretrial publicity and 
exposure of this case, the Court should grant the request for individual sequestered voir dire and 
limited questioning by counsel. 
Dated: October 13, 2021 
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ 
Bobbi C. Stemheim 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
Christian R. Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
Laura A. Menninger 
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. 
Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell 
EFTA00011112


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011113.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011113.pdf
----------------------------------------
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
225 Broadway, Suite 715 
New York, NY 10007 
This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
then delete this message. Thank you. 
On Oct 12, 2021, at 10:02 PM 
wrote: 
Good evening, 
The Government filed the letter on ECF this evening. In what format would the Court like a copy of the materials? 
Respectfully, 
From: Nathan NYSD Chambers < 
Sent: Tuesda , October 12, 2021 5:32 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire 
Counsel: 
Consistent with the Court's Individual Rules, if one or both sides are requesting sealing, the letter making that 
request must be docketed on ECF unless counsel is also seeking, with explanation and justification, to file the 
letter under seal. 
The Court would also like a copy of the Jencks Act material and exhibits. 
Sincerely, 
EFTA00011113
--- PAGE 2 ---
Chambers of the Hon. Alison J. Nathan 
From 
Sent: Monday, October 11, 
To: Nathan NYSD Chambers 
CAUTION - EXTERNAL: 
Good evening, 
Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire 
Attached please find the parties' joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire. Per the attached letter, the parties 
respectfully request that the Court accept the joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire under seal. 
In addition, the Government has produced Jencks Act material and exhibits to the defense today. If the Court would like 
a copy, we would be happy to provide it. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
CAUTION - EXTERNAL EMAIL: This email originated outside the Judiciary. Exercise caution when opening 
attachments or clicking on links. 
EFTA00011114


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011115.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011115.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 1 of 17 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
x 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
x 
S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW IN SUPPORT OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL'S 
MOTION FOR INDIVIDUAL SEQUESTERED JUROR VOIR DIRE 
AND LIMITED COUNSEL-CONDUCTED VOIR DIRE 
Christian R. Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
800 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 
212-957-7600 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
Laura A. Menninger 
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. 
150 East 10th Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
303-831-7364 
Bobbi C. Sternheim 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
225 Broadway -Suite 715 
New York, NY 10007 
212-243-1100 
Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell 
EFTA00011115
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 2 of 17 
INTRODUCTION 
Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell submits this memorandum of law in support of her motion 
for individual sequestered voir dire of prospective jurors and limited attorney-conducted voir 
dire. 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
The Court has already determined that a juror questionnaire is appropriate in this case. 
Pursuant to the Court's order, the parties recently submitted, under seal, a joint proposed jury 
questionnaire. The Court has scheduled three days for prospective jurors to complete the final 
Court-approved questionnaire, and four days to conduct examination of prospective jurors. 
But a questionnaire by itself is not sufficient in this case to root out potential juror bias 
and to permit the attorneys to exercise intelligent peremptory challenges. Supplementing a 
robust questionnaire with individual sequestered voir dire and limited examination of jurors by 
counsel is necessary in this case because of the sensitive subject matter of the charges and two 
types of unfairly prejudicial media attention: (i) the pretrial publicity that this case has received 
and will continue to receive throughout the duration of the trial and (ii) the extensive prior 
negative publicity concerning Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein. 
The intense negative media coverage of Ms. Maxwell and Epstein, most profoundly in 
the aftermath of his death in August 2019 and the arrest of Ms. Maxwell in July 2020, has 
significantly increased the likelihood that prospective jurors will report to jury selection with 
preconceptions, impressions, and opinions about the conduct at issue in the trial and those 
accused of the charges in the indictment: Ms. Maxwell and Epstein An unprecedented amount of 
media coverage has focused on this case, Ms. Maxwell and Epstein. The publicity includes 
extensive coverage in the press, including newspapers, magazines, and on-line sites; in broadcast 
media, including regular and cable television stations, radio, and streaming platforms, such as 
EFTA00011116
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 3 of 17 
Netflix, Peacock, and Amazon; in podcasts and YouTube recordings; in social media sites, such 
as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter; in online sites, chat rooms and blogs. The publicity has 
covered a wide range of topics including and beyond those that will be presented at trial. 
Prospective jurors may also have a strong reaction to the sensitive nature of the charges 
and some of the evidence that to be adduced at trial. Epstein's arrests and prior conviction for 
sexual misconduct, allegations of his sexual misconduct of minors over the course of two 
decades, and his untimely death awaiting his federal trial will be front and center during Ms. 
Maxwell's upcoming trial. 
The standard voir dire typically conducted by the Court is insufficient for this case and 
will be redundant to questions posed in the proposed jury questionnaire. A written questionnaire 
coupled with sequestered voir dire of individual prospective jurors and limited open-ended 
questioning by counsel will assist the Court and parties in determining whether prospective 
jurors have developed prejudicial preconceptions regarding this case, Ms. Maxwell, and Epstein 
due to this intense media coverage and pretrial publications and broadcasts. 
EFTA00011117
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 4 of 17 
ARGUMENT 
I. THE APPLICABLE LAW 
A prospective juror may be excused for cause based on many forms of bias or partiality. 
As the Second Circuit has explained, juror partiality can be actual, implied, or inferred: 
Actual bias is "bias in fact," generally evidenced by "express proof," 
such as a juror's admission to "a state of mind prejudicial to a party's 
interest." Implied bias is "bias conclusively presumed as a matter of 
law" from circumstances in which an average person in the position 
of the prospective juror would be prejudiced. Inferred bias exists 
"when a juror discloses a fact that bespeaks a risk of partiality 
sufficiently significant to warrant granting the trial judge discretion 
to excuse the juror for cause, but not so great as to make mandatory 
a presumption of bias." 
United States v. Quinones, 511 F.3d 289, 301 (2d Cir. 2007) (quoting United States v. Haynes, 
398 F.2d 980, 984 (2d Cir. 1968) and United States v. Torres, 128 F.3d 38, 45 (2d Cir. 1997)). 
All types of bias can properly form the basis to excuse a juror for cause. See id. Thus, the jury 
selection process should screen for each type. See id. 
Voir dire plays an important role in ensuring that juries are fair and impartial by allowing 
the Court and parties to uncover unfair actual, implied, or inferred bias. It serves to protect the 
Constitutional right of a fair trial "by exposing possible biases, both known and unknown, on the 
part of potential jurors." United States v. Stewart, 433 F.3d 273, 303 (2d Cir. 2006). For these 
reasons, district courts routinely use their broad discretion to issue written jury questionnaires in 
conducting voir dire, particularly in cases involving extensive pretrial publicity or hot-button 
issues. See, e.g., Skilling v. United States, 130 S. Ct. 2896, 2919 (2010) (approving district 
court's use of questionnaire in trial of former Enron executive, Jeffrey Skilling); United States v. 
Robert Sylvester Kelly, 19 Cr. 286 (AMD) (EDNY) ("R. Kelly case"); United States v. Elizabeth 
Holmes, 18 Cr. 258 (EJD) (NDCA) ("Theranos case"); United States v. Keith Rainier, 18 Cr. 204 
(NGG) (EDNY) ("Nexium case"). 
EFTA00011118
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 5 of 17 
Individual voir dire is appropriate and within the court's discretion in cases like this 
where the potential jury pool has been exposed to extensive pretrial publicity and may harbor 
prejudice against the defendant, and where the allegations touch on issues that are potentially 
inflammatory. See Stewart, 433 F.3d at 303; see also United States v. Rahman,189 F.3d 88, 122 
(2d Cir. 1999). Using individual voir dire, in addition to a juror questionnaire, is necessary in 
this case (i) to expose potential biases by maximizing the likelihood that members of the venire 
will respond honestly to questions, and (ii) to avoid contaminating unbiased members of the 
venire when other members disclose prior knowledge of prejudicial information or blurt out a 
prejudicial remark. As the Supreme Court has stated: 
It may sometimes be necessary to question on voir dire prospective 
jurors individually or in small groups, both to maximize the 
likelihood that members of the venire will respond honestly to 
questions concerning bias, and to avoid contaminating unbiased 
members of the venire when other members disclose prior 
knowledge of prejudicial information. 
Nebraska Press Ass 'n v. Stuart, 427 U.S. 539, 602 (1976). 
II. THE JURY POOL HAS BEEN AND WILL CONTINUE TO BE EXPOSED TO 
SUBSTANTIAL PRETRIAL PUBLICITY ABOUT GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, AND THIS CASE 
A. A Tsunami of Pretrial Publicity About this Case 
Countless articles, books, podcasts, television shows, and docuseries from various 
sources have been published and broadcast concerning this case since it was filed in July 2020. 
This followed closely on the heels of an avalanche of media reports preceding and following 
Epstein's arrest in July 2019 and following his death in August 2019. A tsunami of reporting in 
every conceivable form — newspapers, magazines, books, television, radio, video streaming 
services, podcasts, social media platforms — has broadcast this case locally, nationally, and 
globally. Without a doubt, and without any credible evidentiary basis, Ms. Maxwell has been 
EFTA00011119
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 6 of 17 
tried, convicted, and condemned in the court of public opinion. Based on widespread coverage of 
her extraordinary and miserable conditions of pretrial detention, unswom "jurors" likely believe 
sentence has already been imposed. The pretrial publicity and publications are far too extensive 
to list. As of this writing, a simple Internet search by Google yields the following: 
• Ghislaine Maxwell: "about 4,590,000 results (0.77 seconds)" 
• Jeffrey Epstein: "about 25,800,000 results (0.87 seconds)" 
Neither Ms. Maxwell nor her undersigned defense team has ever spoken to the media and have 
not contributed to the polluting effect of this unprecedented coverage. 
In addition, there have been numerous books, podcasts, and documentaries published and 
broadcast about Ms. Maxwell, Epstein, and the allegations in this case. The following is just a 
small sample of recent publications concerning Ms. Maxwell: 
Documentaries 
• Jeffrey Epstein: Filthy Rich (Netflix) 
• Notorious: Ghislaine Maxwell (ABC 20/20) 
• Epstein's Shadow: Ghislaine Maxwell (Peacock) 
Podcasts: 
• Chasing Ghislaine: The Untold Story of the Woman in Epstein's Shadow 
(Vicky Ward) 
• Hunting Ghislaine (John Sweeney) 
• The Ghislaine Maxwell Spiral (Audible) 
Books: 
• Ghislaine Maxwell (Steve H. Dwight) 
• Relentless Pursuit: My Fight for the Victims of Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine 
Maxwell (Bradley Edwards) 
• Trash: Encounters with Ghislaine Maxwell (Christina Oxenberg) 
• Perversion of Justice (Julie K. Brown) 
EFTA00011120
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 7 of 17 
■ 
Ghislaine Maxwell: The Rise and Fall of Manhattan's Most Famous Socialite 
(Nigel Cawthome) 
• 
The Spider: Insider the Criminal Web ofJeey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell 
(Barry Levin) 
• 
Jeffrey Epstein's Other Women: Behind Ghislaine Maxwell (Lisa Tait) 
• 
The Jeffrey Epstein Case: What We Do and Don't Know About Je
•ey Epstein 
and Ghislaine Maxwell (Stephen Wright) 
Much of the pretrial reporting, publications, and broadcasts refer to Epstein's 2008 case 
in Florida and the public outrage over his charges, plea deal, the leniency he received. The 
aftermath of this coverage resulted in the resignation of Labor Secretary Alex Acosta, former 
U.S. Attorney of the Southern District of Florida, whose office was the subject of an inquiry 
conducted by the Department of Justice's Office of Professional Responsibility ("OPR") 
concerning the federal criminal investigation of Epstein and its interactions with victims. OPR 
released a report of its investigation in November 2020, which again led to a series of media 
articles about Epstein's conduct and the appropriateness of the deal he received. The effect of 
such recurring reporting regarding Epstein has had an incalculable spillover effect that has 
indelibly stained Ms. Maxwell and significantly impacted her ability to receive a fair trial by an 
impartial jury. 
B. Allegations of Sex Abuse Abound in New York 
Ms. Maxwell approaches trial under the cloud of massive negative publicity focused on 
one of the most sensational, hot-button social issues in recent years - sexual harassment and 
abuse of females of all ages, including inappropriate sexual contact with minors. High-profile 
investigations, prosecutions, and trials involving politicians, moguls and celebrities are daily 
occurrences. New York has been the venue for some of the most notorious events, including but 
hardly limited to the recent investigation and resignation of Governor Andrew Cuomo and trials 
and convictions of Harvey Weinstein and R. Kelly. These are not rare occurrences. Consider the 
EFTA00011121
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 8 of 17 
downfall of other prominent New Yorkers due to sex scandals: former Governors David Paterson 
and Andrew Spitzer, former New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, former U.S. 
Congressman Andrew Wiener, not to mention the many New York-based television celebrities 
against whom serious allegations of sexual abuse have been alleged: Matt Lauer, Roger Ailes, 
Bill O'Reilly. 
The fact that a woman now stands trial for charges almost exclusively alleged against 
men heightens the interest and intrigue of this case. There are literally hundreds if not thousands 
of negative articles about Ms. Maxwell and Epstein in the very newspapers, television stations, 
and streaming platforms to which the jury pool in this case are regularly exposed (New York 
Daily News, New York Post, New York Times, Wall Street Journal, NY 1, ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, 
Wu; Peacock). 
The jury pool from which the jury in this case will be selected has been exposed to more 
than its fair share of media coverage fomenting public outrage at individuals accused of sex 
crimes, like Ms. Maxwell. The negative publicity has been so pervasive, vitriolic, and extreme 
that Ms. Maxwell has been demonized in the press. While the Court has no power to protect Ms. 
Maxwell from such public contempt, it can exercise its supervisory powers and discretion and 
implement protocols designed to obtain an open-minded jury sworn to return a verdict based 
solely on evidence presented at trial. 
III. A ROBUST JURY QUESTIONNAIRE AND INDIVIDUAL VOIR DIRE ARE 
NECESSARY FOR THIS CASE 
A. A Questionnaire Alone Is Insufficient to Uncover Potential Juror Bias 
In cases like this—where there has been pervasive media exposure that inflames passions 
about the underlying events and demonizes a party—prospective jurors can form biases long 
before they appear for jury service. Once a pretrial judgment is made, the concepts of "belief 
EFTA00011122
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 9 of 17 
persistence" and "confirmation bias" are at work. Belief persistence occurs when an opinion 
formed is resistant to change even when proven wrong. Confirmation bias occurs when an 
individual forms an opinion early in the decision-making process and then evaluates new 
information in a way that supports the earlier decision.' The July questionnaire is the first 
opportunity jurors have to tell the lawyers and the Court what they are thinking and, more 
importantly, what influenced them to think that way. 
Given the likelihood intense media scrutiny of this trial, it is critical to use both a robust 
written jury questionnaire and individual sequestered voir dire to inquire about the extent to 
which each potential juror has been exposed to pretrial publicity and to what extent each juror 
has formed an opinion of Ms. Maxwell and Epstein 
Because there is always the fear that a discussion of pretrial publicity in front of the entire 
jury pool will contaminate those few jurors who have not been subjected to the publicity, a jury 
questionnaire and individual voir dire in a case such as this is particularly warranted. If the Court 
were to engage in public questioning of the venire panel en masse, answers could infect the 
entire panel. Alternatively, concerns about a panel member's unanticipated answer may render 
the questions too carefully worded to uncover the problem. Further, questions asked pose privacy 
concerns that would require constant side bars. A questionnaire can solve some, but not all, of 
these issues. 
Individual sequestered voir dire would encourage jurors to answer questions more 
completely and more honestly because the jurors would not be influenced by (or influence) the 
answers given by fellow jurors or fear embarrassment in giving an honest response. Jurors avoid 
the pressure to give "right" or socially acceptable answers in front of a large group or to parrot 
I See Hope, Memon & McGeorge, Understanding Pretrial Publicity: Predecisional Distortion of Evidence by Mock 
Jurors, 10 J. Experimental Psych. Applied, 111-119 (2004). 
EFTA00011123
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 10 of 17 
answers that seem acceptable to the Court and counsel. For example, in this case it is necessary 
to ask jurors if they or a family member have ever been a victim of sexual abuse—a question that 
most jurors will not be inclined to answer in public. In a case that has received media attention or 
involves a well-known defendant, a larger jury panel is often assembled in an attempt to increase 
the odds of obtaining a fair jury. The paradox is that a larger panel can mean that jurors are even 
less inclined to speak up in front of a large group. Accordingly, in a high-publicity case such as 
this, q questionnaire alone is insufficient. 
B. Individual Sequestered Voir Dire is Necessary Due to the Sensitive Nature 
of the Charges 
The nature of the charges in this case poses special problems for jury selection rarely 
encountered in the average federal jury trial. The crimes charged (concerning sexual abuse of 
minors) are particularly inflammatory and of great concern to communities from which jurors are 
drawn. The charges tap into strongly held moral, ethical, and religious beliefs concerning 
appropriate, inappropriate, and immoral behavior and conduct, and can produce visceral and 
emotional reactions leading to more severe judgments based on preconceived viewpoints rather 
than on admissible evidence presented at trial As such, prospective jurors' opinion and beliefs 
regarding the nature of the crimes charged will need to be addressed through procedures that 
maximize juror openness, honesty, and candor. 
It is only through in-depth questioning and exploration of jurors' views on these issues 
that both the defense and prosecution can uncover what is needed to pursue challenges for cause 
and to intelligently exercise peremptory challenges. The experiences and backgrounds of jurors 
could have significant bearing on the potential biases that they have. A variety of potential 
experiences, both general (e.g., being a victim of a crime or closely related to a victim) and 
specific (e.g., harassment, molestation, unwanted sexual contact, sexual assault, rape, domestic 
EFTA00011124
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 11 of 17 
violence, etc.) are relevant to the subject matter of this case. Such experiences are of a highly 
personal nature, the revelation of which in a public courtroom could lead to embarrassment and 
emotional distress. As a result, issues relevant to this case need to be addressed in a sensitive 
and private setting. 
The jury selection procedures normally used by this Court — i.e., group voir dire with 
questioning exclusively by the judge — pose heightened problems to an effective and informative 
voir dire in a case involving topics that are difficult to discuss, let alone in a large public forum. 
It is typically anxiety producing and discomforting for jurors to make public disclosures. This 
case amplifies the likelihood that jurors will be more apprehensive and constrained to respond 
openly and honestly in open court within earshot of other jurors, members of the public, and the 
media. 
IV. ATTORNEY-CONDUCTED VOIR DIRE PERMITS A MORE INFORMED 
EXERCISE OF FOR CAUSE AND PEREMPTORY CHALLENGES 
Rule 24(a) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure grants the Court broad discretion in 
conducting the voir dire examination. The Court has the right to control who conducts the voir 
dire and has the discretion to allow attorneys to conduct some, or all, of the voir dire. Fed. R. 
Civ. P. 24(a)(1) and (2) ("The court may examine prospective jurors or may permit the attorneys 
for the parties to do so."). 
The Court should grant a limited period of attorney-conducted voir dire after the Court's 
general voir dire because it will yield more complete information about the potential jurors for 
the proper exercise of peremptory challenges. For a peremptory challenge to serve its purposes, it 
must be intelligently exercised. This requires that the parties obtain sufficient information from 
the potential jurors upon which to base their challenges. United States v. Ledee, 549 F.2d 990, 
993 (5th Cir.), cent. denied, 434 U.S. 902 (1977) ("Peremptory challenges are worthless if trial 
EFTA00011125
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 12 of 17 
counsel is not afforded an opportunity to gain the necessary information upon which to base such 
strikes."). Without the opportunity for counsel to effectively probe for hidden prejudices, it 
would be difficult to accomplish the goal of exercising sensitive and intelligent peremptory 
challenges. 
A. The Attorneys Have More In-Depth Knowledge of the Case 
It is counsel, not the Court, who is in the best position to obtain the information necessary 
to exercise intelligent peremptory challenges through attorney-conducted voir dire. The 
attorneys have more in-depth knowledge of the case than the Court. See, e.g., United States v. 
Cleveland, 1997 WL 2554 at *3 (E.D. LA. Jan. 2, 1997). Important follow-up questions are more 
likely to occur to an advocate than a judge for several reasons, including the fact that a judge 
"does not have the advocate's awareness that soon [s]he will be making peremptory challenges 
based on inferences from what prospective jurors have said" and the fact that "the judge does not 
know the case of either party in detail, so that [s]he cannot realize when responses have opened 
areas for further inquiry."2 As the Fifth Circuit has recognized: 
A judge cannot have the same grasp of the facts, the complexities 
and nuances as the trial attorneys entrusted with the preparation of 
the case. The court does not know the strength and weaknesses of 
each litigant's case. Justice requires that each lawyer be given an 
opportunity to ferret out possible bias and prejudice of which the 
juror himself may be unaware until certain facts are revealed. 
Ledee, 549 F.2d at 993 (citing Frates and Greer, Jury Voir Dire: The Lawyer's Perspective, 2 
A.B.A. Litigation No. 2 (1976)). Indeed, the Fifth Circuit later amplified this concept, stating 
that "voir dire may have little meaning if it is not conducted at least in part by counsel." 
While Federal Rules [sic] of Criminal Procedure 24(a) gives wide 
discretion to the trial Court, voir dire may have little meaning if it is 
not conducted at least in part by counsel. The "federal" practice of 
almost exclusive voir dire examination by the Court does not take 
Babcock, Voir Dire: Preserving "Its Wonderful Power", 27 Stan. L. Rev. 545, 549 (1975). 
EFTA00011126
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 13 of 17 
into account the fact that it is the parties, rather than the Court, who 
have a full grasp of the nuances and the strength and weaknesses of 
the case... Experience indicates that in the majority of situations 
questioning by counsel would be more likely to fulfill this need [for 
information upon which to base the intelligent exercise of 
peremptory challenges] than an exclusive examination in general 
terms by the trial Court. 
United States v. Ible, 630 F.2d 389, 395 (5th Cir. 1980). 
In this case, voir dire conducted solely by the Court will interfere with the intelligent 
exercise of peremptory challenges. Attorneys have been working on this case well over a year. 
They are most likely to know the areas of questioning that must be explored to further uncover 
the prejudices that are most pertinent to the evidence that will be presented at trial. They also act 
with an awareness that they will have to base peremptory challenges on the juror's answers. 
Permitting attorney-conducted voir dire in addition to Court voir dire will therefore maximize the 
information obtained in voir dire. 
B. The Extensive Pretrial Publicity Related to This Case Necessitates Attorney-
Conducted Voir Dire 
The possibility of prejudice in this case due to the extensive pretrial publicity is so great 
that specific voir dire questions by counsel are necessary. In United States v. Davis, the Fifth 
Circuit held that the district court erred in not undertaking a more thorough examination of panel 
members exposed to publicity ("[W]here the nature of the publicity as a whole raised a 
significant possibility of prejudice, the cursory questioning by the court was not enough."). A 
district court is required, under Davis, to determine what each juror may have heard or read and 
how it may have affected his attitude toward the trial, and whether any juror's impartiality had 
been destroyed. Id; see also Silverthorne v. United States, 400 F.2d 627, 638 (9th Cir. 1968) 
("[I]n the absence of an examination designed to elicit answers which provide an objective basis 
EFTA00011127
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 14 of 17 
for the court's evaluation, `merely going through the form of obtaining jurors' assurances of 
impartiality is insufficient [to test that impartiality]") (citation omitted). 
Because it is extremely likely that prospective jurors have been exposed to potentially 
prejudicial pretrial publicity, specific, individual voir dire is required. Davis, 583 F.2d at 196-97. 
To increase the likelihood that any hidden prejudices of the jurors will be uncovered, to 
accomplish the goal of exercising sensitive and intelligent peremptory challenges, and to ensure 
that a fair and impartial jury is empaneled in this case, counsel should be given an opportunity to 
individually examine prospective jurors. 
Individual sequestered voir dire conducted jointly by counsel and the Court has a variety 
of benefits. It invites a conversation rather than posing an interrogation. It eliminates the pressure 
on jurors to provide socially desirable or acceptable answers in a group setting, reduces 
conformity pressures that can diminish candor, and removes the risk of other jurors being 
influenced by statements made during group voir dire that enable them to either stay on the jury 
or be removed for cause. It increases juror comfort, minimizes the anxiety of public speaking, 
encourages candor, and promotes honesty. 
Furthermore, questioning conducted exclusively by the Court further hampers the ability 
to uncover important information about jurors because it places jurors in a subordinate position 
heightening their reluctance to be candid. Attorney-conducted questioning bridges the status gap 
between the humble layperson and the honorable judicial officer exalted high above the venire. 
Research indicates that expansive voir dire yields greater revelations of juror bias; and in-depth 
attorney-conducted voir dire combined with individual sequestered voir dire elicits greater 
See, e.g., Moran, Cutler & Loftus. Jury Selection in Major Controlled Substance Trials: The Need for Extended 
Voir Dire, 3 Forensics Reports 331(1990). 
EFTA00011128
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 15 of 17 
admissions of bias on the part of jurors.4 In-depth voir dire including limited open-ended 
questions posed by counsel also helps to attack the minimization effect, whereby jurors often 
seek to decrease the extremity of their opinions in addition to their exposure to and the impact of 
pretrial publicity.' 
C. The Court Can Reasonably Limit the Scope of Attorney-Conducted Voir Dire 
The Court can also fairly and reasonably limit the time and scope of the attorney-
conducted voir dire and prevent any abuse of the process. For example, the Court can direct 
demand that the attorneys restrict themselves to new or proscribed areas of examination or 
relevant follow-up examination to ferret out bias and prejudice. In addition, the Court can 
legitimately place a specific time limit on attorney-conducted voir dire. Permitting each party 
one minute per juror (expanded to three minutes if there is basis to pursue a cause challenge) is 
eminently justifiable after basic voir dire has been conducted by the Court. An attorney who is 
given mere minutes for additional voir dire examination is unlikely to waste that precious time. 
Permitting each party a mere minute of attorney-conducted voir dire will increase the possibility 
of rooting out prejudice and bias in this unique case. 
D. The Uniqueness of This Case Warrants Limited Attorney-Conducted Voir Dire 
The conventional voir dire procedures utilized in this district are inadequate to screen 
venire members for bias and prejudice due to the nature of the charges and the extensive pretrial 
publicity and exposure. This case presents unique issues that require an expansion of traditional 
voir dire protocols. 
Johnson & Haney, Felony Voir Dire: An exploratory Study of its Contents and Effect, 18 Law and Human 
Behavior 309 (1994). 
Vidmar, Case Studies of Pre- and Madinat Prejudice in Criminal and Civil Litigation, 26 Law and Human 
Behavior 73 (2002). 
EFTA00011129
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 16 of 17 
This application is not seeking to conduct unduly invasive questioning, to "pre-try" the 
case to the venire, to create impressions or sympathies which will help either party during the 
trial, or to unreasonably extend the time for jury selection. The Court can restrict attorneys to 
posing open-ended questions to identify bias, prejudice and preconceptions, subject to reasonable 
time limits. 
Long ago, the Supreme Court observed: 
Impartiality is not a technical conception. It is a state of mind. For 
the ascertainment of this mental attitude of appropriate indifference, 
the Constitution lays down no tests and procedure is not chained to 
any ancient and artificial formula. 
United States v. Wood, 299 U.S. 123, 145-146 (1936). Like impartiality, bias, prejudice, and 
preconceptions are mental states, making them all the more difficult to identify and assess when 
a prospective juror is not forthcoming in revealing these mental attitudes. Limited attorney-
conducted voir dire will help uncover any potential bias in the jury pool. 
CONCLUSION 
Voir dire is a mutual search between lawyers and the Court to determine whether a 
particular individual can ensure integrity of the trial process in each case. In the words of a 
federal appeals judge: 
We would, as judges, have to ignore what we know as men to 
assume that only the law and the naked facts carry the burden of 
persuasion. Psychology governs human affairs even in the 
courtroom... Our system of justice is deprived of its fullest potential 
when the lawyer is denied the right to examine veniremen in an 
adversary setting. 
Honorable Donald P. Lay (8th Cir.) "In a Fair Adversary System, the Lawyer Should Conduct 
the Voir Dire of the Jury." 
EFTA00011130
--- PAGE 17 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 342 Filed 10/13/21 Page 17 of 17 
Considering the sensitive nature of the charges and the pervasive pretrial publicity and 
exposure of this case, the Court should grant the request for individual sequestered voir dire and 
limited questioning by counsel. 
Dated: October 13, 2021 
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ 
Bobbi C. Stemheim 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
Christian R. Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
Laura A. Menninger 
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. 
Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell 
EFTA00011131


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011132.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011132.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
To: Christian Everdell <CEverdell@CohenGressencom>, 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' 
<bcstemheim@mac.com>, Jeff Pagliuca tagliuca@lunflaw.com>, Laura Menninger 
<Imenninger@hmflaw.corn> 
Cc: 
Subject: Letter re 12.2 Notice 
Date: Wed, 13 Oct 2021 18:20:43 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.10.13_GM_12.2_letter to_defense.pdf 
Counsel, 
Please see the attached letter. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Saint Andrews Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
EFTA00011132


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011133.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011133.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The Silvio!. Mollo Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
October 13, 2021 
BY ELECTRONIC MAIL 
Christian Everdell, Esq. 
Mark Cohen, Esq. 
Cohen & Gresser LLP 
800 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
Laura Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 
150 East Tenth Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
Bobbi Stemheim, Esq. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
West 19th Street-4th Fl. 
New York, NY 10007 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Dear Counsel: 
The Government writes to notify you that it will take the position that the defendant has 
waived any defense pursuant to Rule 12.2. 
Rule 12.2 provides that, before a defendant asserts an insanity defense or introduces expert 
evidence "relating to a mental disease or defect or any other mental condition of the defendant 
bearing on . . . the issue of guilt," the defendant must provide the Government written notice 
"within the time provided for filing a pretrial motion, or at any later time the court sets." Fed. R. 
Crim. P. 12.2(a)-(b). 
The defendant's pretrial motions were due on January 25, 2021 (Dkt. No. 108), and her 
supplemental pretrial motions were due on May 7, 2021 (Dkt. No. 250 at 1). Accordingly, the 
notice period required by Rule 12.2 expired at least five months ago. The Government has not 
received any such notice. Although the Court has set a deadline of four weeks before trial for 
defense expert witness disclosures (id. at 2), that is not a deadline for Rule 12.2 notice, and in any 
event, that deadline would likely provide insufficient time for the Government to assess the 
defendant's notice, move for an examination of the defendant pursuant to Rule 12.2(c)(1)(B), 
retain an expert, and conduct the examination. 
EFTA00011133
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
If the defendant intends to offer evidence covered by Rule 12.2 at trial notwithstanding the 
above, the Government demands notice no later than October 20, 2021, so that the Government 
may raise the matter with the Court in a timely fashion before trial. 
Very truly yours, 
DAMIAN WILLIAMS 
United States Attorney 
By:  
s/ 
Assistant United States Attorneys 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011134


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011135.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011135.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To 
Cc 
Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire 
Date: Thu, 14 Oct 2021 14:57:31 +0000 
Attachments: Joint_Maxwelliury_Questionnairejto_Court].docx; 
Joint_Proposed_Voir_Direjto_Courtidocx 
Chambers, 
Please see attached. 
Respectfully, 
From: Nathan NYSD Chambers 
Sent: Thursda October 14 20219:36 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire 
Counsel: 
The Court requests that counsel provide Word doc versions of the proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire. 
Sincerely, 
Chambers of the Hon. Alison J. Nathan 
From 
Sent: Monde October 11 20217:53 PM 
To 
Cc 
Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire 
CAUTION - EXTERNAL: 
Good evening, 
EFTA00011135
--- PAGE 2 ---
Attached please find the parties' joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire. Per the attached letter, the parties 
respectfully request that the Court accept the joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire under seal. 
In addition, the Government has produced Jencks Act material and exhibits to the defense today. If the Court would like a 
copy, we would be happy to provide it. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
New Y rk N w Y rk 10007 
Tel 
CAUTION - EXTERNAL EMAIL: This email originated outside the Judiciary. Exercise caution when opening 
attachments or clicking on links. 
EFTA00011136


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011137.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011137.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 344 Filed 10/14/21 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
United States of America, 
—v—
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant. 
USDC SDNY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC 0: 
DATE FILED: 10/14/21 
20-CR-330 (AJN) 
ORDER 
ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: 
The Court received a letter via email from a lawyer for an alleged victim regarding victim 
attendance at the upcoming trial. The Court will file the letter under seal and forward a copy to 
counsel for both sides. 
Consistent with the District's COVID-19 protocols, the Court will ensure public access 
for pre-trial proceedings and trial, including several overflow rooms at the courthouse with live 
feeds of the proceedings. Additional information will be provided as soon as it is available. 
Access for alleged victims will be coordinated between the Victim Witness Unit and the 
District Executive's Office. The contact information for each office is provided below. 
Furthermore, Defense counsel may coordinate access for the Defendant's family members with 
the District Executive's Office. 
Wendy Olson, Coordinator 
Victim Witness Unit 
United States Attorney's Office 
(212) 637-1028 
Wendy.Olson®usdoj.gov 
SO ORDERED. 
Joseph Pecorino 
District Executive's Office 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
(212) 805-0504 
Joseph_Pecorino@nysd.uscourts.gov 
EFTA00011137
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 344 Filed 10/14/21 Page 2 of 2 
Dated: October 14, 2021 
New York, New York 
ALISON J. NATHAN 
United States District Judge 
EFTA00011138


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011139.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011139.pdf
----------------------------------------
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM ES . 
New York, NY 10007 
Main: 
This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
then delete this message. Thank you. 
EFTA00011139


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011140.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011140.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: Rule 412 Letter 
Date: Fri, 15 Oct 2021 18:42:23 +0000 
Attachments: 2021-10-15_Govtletter_re_FRE_412_Final.docx 
Here is the current final version. Let me know if you have any edits, thanksl 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
Tel: 
EFTA00011140


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011141.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011141.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
Bcc: "USAHUB-USAJournal111" 
Subject: Notes from 2020.11.19 Call wit 
Date: Thu, 19 Nov 2020 19:34:00 +0000 
Embedded: Notes_from_2020.11.19 
Sender: 
Subject: Notes from 2020.11.19 Call with 
Message-Id: 
<CY1P110MB01841D6382B59F289A07B9708AE00@CY1P110MB0184.NAMP110.PROD.OUTLOOK.COM 
To: 
EFTA00011141


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011142.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011142.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: Notes from 2020.11.19 Call with Sternheim, Everdell, and Cohen 
Date: Thu, 19 Nov 2020 19:33:56 +0000 
2020.11.19 Call with 
• Cohen: two things want to discuss; recent developments related to conditions in MDC; renewed bail application 
planning to make 
• Sternheim: recent conditions are that yesterday she was whisked out of area she spends the day in; she asked what 
was going on; said they were giving her a test; she wanted to speak to her lawyers before the test; she was told if 
she did not take the test, she would be put in SHU for 21 days; if she did take the test, would be in SHU for 14 
days; then given 2 COVID tests; appears that staff near her had COVID/was coughing; heard other guard say heard 
that has COVID; she is in her isolation cell; every time open hatch, they spray it so chemicals are in her area; big 
issue is that they repeatedly search her (strip search, wand); after search, get up close and personal and look in 
her mouth (invitation to infection); 
o When got her laptop today, it was out of power, had to wait for power cord; environment where can't work; 
has to balance pad 
o Only reason would get sick it's because of BOP staff; my understanding is that rigid conditions under which 
detained (and haven't seen ever before, not even Tartaglione) — if that's because of Epstein, she will get 
sick on BOP's watch, will create another nightmare for the Government 
o Never had clients for terrorism, violence, murder treated the way GM is treated 
• Cohen: over 100 years of experience in this district collectively; never seen anything like this before; would like to 
see you in person ideally next week or at least by Zoom 
o Want to walk you through the renewed bail application have spent 3.5 months putting substantial work 
into; believe it addresses concerns Government raised at the hearing and in submissions; believe it 
addresses concerns raised by the Court 
o Would need same level of confidentiality described in the protective order (financial information; personal, 
private information; suretor information); want to make sure covered by protective order 
o Related request is that when we file, which we feel we have to do soon, if GM remains in, it will likely be the 
first of many calls in light of current COVID situation; would need to file under seal and would like your 
consent as well 
o Show real evidence of threats to her and family members and those close to her 
• M: really appreciate you coming to us with concerns about conditions of confinement and opening dialogue about 
bail application; in terms of bail application, we are happy to listen and take a look at what you have, will go in 
with an open mind, but can't at this stage preview or predict what our position will be. In terms of how to treat 
information you share with us on Monday and sealing, would have to run up the chain; would prefer to do by 
video 
• M: able to tell us about what kinds of activities or dissemination concerns you have; 
• Cohen: if thought covered by PO, not sure that covered by PO; asking to have things treated as if designated 
confidential under the order 
• Everdell: in order to describe what our proposed bail package is, going to have discuss info that is confidential and 
sensitive, including for potential co-signers; includes their properties, financial information 
• Cohen: understand that everything needs to be made known to gov't, pretrial, and court, but beyond that 
• M: want us to treat any information provided to us as if marked confidential under PO? 
EFTA00011142
--- PAGE 2 ---
• Everdell: could only use for purposes of bail application; would not publicly disseminate or disclose; would only be 
shared with prosecution team; individuals looking to come forward are nervous b/c of notoriety of the case; want 
to give comfort that what telling at meeting will be treated confidentiality and won't be disclosed 
• 
in evaluating potential bail application, for financial information, might contact bank or vet that information; 
sometimes take steps to vet cosigners as well; would restrictions prohibit us from doing that 
• Everdell: for purposes of meeting, want to describe potential co-signers and what security of bond would look like 
and discuss certain financial information (most financial information are things already in discovery itself, so some 
of materials already marked confidential); understand will need to vet co-signers 
• Cohen: keep confidential for Monday's purposes and then to extent team needs to vet people, we can work through 
that 
• 
in terms of conditions of confinement, still trying to understand everything that has happened in last 24 
hours; 
o Understand that one of staff members on detail who works in area where client is housed tested positive for 
COVID; understand that everyone who works in that area was sent home to quarantine; rapid test came 
back negative; sending lab test out; will need to stay in quarantine for 14 days, will test out; during that 
time she needs to stay in isolation cell; was not aware that searching her the way you described while in 
quarantine; will reach out to MDC and discuss balancing need for security with disease 
o Understanding is she will still have 3 hours a day to make legal calls; have made request to MDC legal that is 
going up to warden that she be able to review laptop for 13 hours that she was supposed to be in the day 
room; will inquire about a writing surface, whether possible to put something into her cell to make review 
of discovery more practical or move her to somewhere with that kind of furniture; understand that 
temperate is ; understand no issues with moistness 
• Sternheim: anytime anything is given to her, open hatch; every time it is opened and closed it is sprayed; chemical of 
spray goes into the room where there is no other ventilation; she also has no hot water, soap; not able to self-
protect under the conditions 
• MI: will focus on the conditions while she will be in quarantine 
• Sternheim: legal calls being done in close proximity to people who are watching her; I could hear people when I was 
on call with them; was told notetaking was occurring; she is in between 1 to 4 feet distance from these people 
• MI: will follow up 
• Everdell: CD that sent with most recent production, can't review that on laptop 
• MI: if want us to load hard drive with just that, can do that; or wait until have hard drive loaded 
• Everdell: will get back to you 
• 
concerns that expressed before quarantine are mostly on level of searches and surveillance 
• Sternheim: she is practically in solitary confinement; when I visit her, there are at least 3 people watching us with a 
camera; I have asked what camera is for; they say it is not recording; then why is it always set up and moved when 
they moved us; degree of invasiveness of attorney-client relationship which have not experienced before; she 
doesn't even have a regular toothbrush; it's one inch 
• Cohen: have had same experience with camera; when allowed to see her, not allowed to pass her documents 
• U: have had multiple conversations with MDC about that 
• Sternheim: in most recent visit, was able to hand her something to look at; have put us in a room that's very tight; 
never seen anything like this 
• U: client has more access to discovery and more time to review discovery than any other inmate; more time for 
calls as well 
• Sternheim: that may be true; however, whatever is being done to her to prevent what had happened to Epstein, she 
is being worn down; mentally healthy person; her hair is falling out 
Assistant United States Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
One St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
EFTA00011143
--- PAGE 3 ---
Te 
EFTA00011144


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011145.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011145.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
(USANYS)" < 
To: 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: FW: Press Conference at Epstein's 
Date: Mon, 27 Jan 2020 21:14:27 +0000 
From FBI 
Team unhappy also getting calls. I guess Geoff did mention the location to some people but need to figure out how to 
keep everyone in loop for anything like this going forward. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, January 27, 2020 4:11 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Fwd: Press Conference at Epstein's 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) 
Please see the below email from 
. Could somebody above the line level connect with 
to discuss? We 
also do not know what the office would like us to convey to the victims. Thanks. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: ' 
Date: Janua 
2020 at 3:27:49 PM EST 
To: " 
(NY) (FBI)" < 
Cc: ' 
(FBI)" 
Subject: Press Conference at Epstein's 
All, 
I have been getting some questions about the press conference that occurred today at Epstein's mansion, do any 
of you know that was about? Our media affairs department has been getting questions. In addition, our Victim 
Specialists have been fielding calls from irate victims who weren't notified. 
https://twittercom/AaronKatersky/status/1221833096686903299/photon 
thanks, 
SSA-
Squad C-20 
Crimes Against Children/Human Trafficking 
FBI New York 
office 
mobile 
EFTA00011145


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011146.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011146.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
(USANYS)"  
> 
To: ''AMISYS)" 
> ' 
Subject: RE: Epstein Sharing Order Part II 
Date: Wed, 29 Jan 2020 16:20:27 +0000 
I'll let 
do his input first, then look at what he's done 
From: 
(USANYS)
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 10:40 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Epstein Sharing Order Part II 
MI— I've updated the sharing order application to be one to share the additional trust and will documents we have now 
received. Would you take a look when you can? 
-
I've tried to describe the various materials we have gotten from the estate attorneys over the last two weeks. 
Would you mind taking a look (or asking a paralegal to take a look) to make sure I've accurately described/characterized 
the new stuff we're looking to share? 
Thanks, 
EFTA00011146


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011147.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011147.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)" ci 
To:  
Cc: a'
(USAIsloYall>
)11 
Subject: Re: Epstein Sharing Order Part II 
Date: Wed, 29 Jan 2020 21:05:59 +0000 
Yes, I think we should. Thanks for flagging. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 29, 2020, at 3:56 PM, 
> wrote: 
M, is it the intent to share those? If so, I'll just add it to every mention of each document, but if not then it's 
unnecessary. I don't think those are substantive dots but I defer. 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 15:55 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Epstein Sharing Order Part II 
(USANYS) 
Please add it in the right place and send me the order. Remember, I'm not a T&E lawyer. But you are getting to 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 3:22 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Epstein Sharing Order Part II 
>; 
(USANYS) 
Yes, I think this document accurately describes the materials we've received, with just a note that it doesn't appear to 
include revocations, so to the extent those are intended to be shared, I think that word may need to be added. 
thanks, 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 10:40 
To: 
(USANYS) < 
Subject: Epstein Sharing Order Part II 
<
M> 
MI— I've updated the sharing order application to be one to share the additional trust and will documents we have 
now received. Would you take a look when you can? 
EFTA00011147
--- PAGE 2 ---
-
I've tried to describe the various materials we have gotten from the estate attorneys over the last two weeks. 
Would you mind taking a look (or asking a paralegal to take a look) to make sure I've accurately described/characterized 
the new stuff we're looking to share? 
Thanks, 
EFTA00011148


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011149.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011149.pdf
----------------------------------------
BEAR 
STEARNS 
ACCOUNT DEOJ 
IELEPTICNE 
MDT CUR masr. 
eriev.ocaesicams.coN 
What's In This Statement 
OFFICE SERVICING YOUR ACCOUNT 
Bear. Stearns & Co. Inc. 
Financial Summary  
Your Portfolio Holdings  
Transaction Detail  
Fund Activity  
GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
Your Portfolio at a Glance 
Market Value of Your Portfolio 
TOTAL VALUE OF Seel/RIMS THIS PERIOD 
14.745,856 
Cash & Equivalent 
Ste.5 
$54664 
LDNG ACCRUED INTEREST 
8,134 
Equities 
S13,045,856 
514.196.631 
MONEY MARKET FUND BALANCE 
56,359 
Fixed 
51.700.000 
NIT SODDY THIS PERIOD 
$14,810,349 
Income 
700.000 
Curtail Market value 
NET EQUITY LAST STATEMENT 
15.955,311 
MU 
Lest statement's mariet value 
CHANGE SINCE LAST STATEMENT 
-1,144,962 
There are no 'Stop Lose orders or other pending buy 
or sell open orders on file for your account. 
CLEARED THROUGH ITS 
WMOil V 0W ED &JESIDi ARV 
Sear. Steams SetWitles Cap. 
GNISUMNE MAXWELL 
STATEMENT PERIOD August 1, 2006 
THROUGH 
August 31. 2006 
ACCOUNT NUMBER 
TAXPAYER NuMEER On Ale 
LAST STATEMENT 
July 31, 2006 
Please report any ditlentece or noncoanct a chocks oe stocks, indicated as Careered b you. 
to Pent Sawn at h01.334.142A or write to Dent Services at Sear. Steams Secure*, 
Cap. One Mamba Cater North. Broady* NY 11701.3659 
027 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan Chase 
ta
x 
les summary is for in'onnatenal exposes cry It is rot intended as a tai CIOUXI1Ord
Tb s statemel shs-dd be retained for yet records. See remise sta. Tor irnecnest information 
OROL06:07:5R 001 
JPM-SDNY-00055745 
EFTA00011149
--- PAGE 2 ---
CL EARED THROUGH ITS 
MOLLY OthfrED DiTeSiCt ARP 
Bear. Steams Securities Corp. 
GilSIAINE MAXWELL 
as 
GUIDE TO YOUR STATEMENT 
You teat sty organ the Soap sates 
Your Pieelfolio at a Glances Feelers be rat nay of 
ten atrant A to dase of the staren penal tenet kuty 
apt of statemert ae Rey age sere the tat gasmen 
Maine Value of Year Portfolio, A gads refacing 
to tote n the rant rya a yar asadel ra*t  tem the 
morn rate releaed as yea leg statement (CenCish 
Eanthre eaJtie> fraud Finds Foci Iccrre. Cost 
Cash Flow Analysis and Cash Balance, 
Summons Ball >bah yen csemth and and; taws. 
Cad kw drank reacts to categcota ce cacti actiuty. 
Cain eau Sown Weds the cab bastes ay accost 
tfOn 
Opening &lama r. to an a cant tarred as Item 
the Tend Debts aleeth Nate Cbeeng Saran 
the 
ccertinaton a to teed dads an aides ea the interned 
peeled legator nth to wenn, cash beano dna Poland 
Omer du der WI n MitiOiti 6Y a Tess all a Wed 
seine 
legend banennenas Retests the total Mon. fewest 
ant ant nano nuts kr the statement period an year to 
sate 
dry to eared. margh Rent ed rrisalerecus 
deers we raced Pere f day* 
DieklitInillefl 
Relent (Ohms m caeca. 
Ii lams. and eta 
axone for Pie aliened perod and 
cured year 
Reenineet Plan Reads the catrlabra mead ad 
riarbease peel Ong the 'tannest nod es nil as fa the 
ceatous seer. 
Your Peelfellite Alleceinet Ape eat darn ear 
asset akonant (Celneelih Eiacalei Sides. land 
Funds. Fired moane Caw. 
Penton* Composition: Rebuts 
a snowy of 
ctsnieash ecarelert. tales. meal Inds ad bed lame 
lore newel peed 
Beads with 60 - Day Innen: Reins ton OW 
val manager, salad to naclarrir vitrantenta PC rays 
Your Portiolie nelfesasi Reeds cash and el 
snetes n fl
 accost 
Estrnated and roars a based 
en to dared or nova tended lo be named army. 
named awed represerts den named 1st rot ye pal a 
Mend on ti ed wore butes hex the to wpm dare. 
Mere it no surartee get en reenst a be paid by Vie Its. 
Carat geld n alined by Oath to anted anal 
ram* by re made were a the cartes and reported an 
eurnaddcarertnelden9 
MatkaPrices/Boncl Ratings. 
be market vele obostetintli ere n Tee 
Tate" 
day al the deterred period Ran b deterring mkt 
vans reamed cobraes 
These egmates as eland ken 
mays 10/Cei, nag 
Bear Stan, is Albin ad 
ohne tree Phig neon rag be tea adds 
area A.
 to es
 Clang aces a neon 
riltititabef tat teas
rang
 ote darks dose 
aces se noe ateatahable lo primate a lipartal prim 
tined on tht 
nald weed retakeng between te 
wades. Piny nines Os rot nen 
bds tor fry 
wades 
Actual ernes maned at wit may be rata lest 
then tote *ma en sax 
non
Bad ratings are needed 
km cads sans. Me Id bens at load for racket 
values at bond tares to be reya s. vie and swarm 
ter barony 
TM tout cost ban ta• eat nosey tonal all he intend 
process 
prodded eddy as a nerd irkaten of 
pertinence ad nib m be used fee tan tutor 
a 
Sena ryatamadds re wawa 
of tar tax Nara 
NMI respect to woody eosins mend no bra bent 
cost bete 
lief
fem. to been woad by Au 
Cog bees Sonata railed to ant 
proton coreateg 
a none then tweedy lax kes (purchases ad rtereamerts) es 
*played a 
navies x one tat tenn are 
a.
 big 
Ma fun iltatinon Swab* torn yos teen 
Cod
 lairrn 
bne nemette has been mond by you a by a gird 
party cn yaw beat and not by Ear Den 
Cog basis th aldial Mang to yea rail !Ss bodies 
receded a se rune of ter us. a depbald el Re 
agnate in are dab Icon Mean ere keg Waned Ice 
Folks nbenton a arab* amt soar beer 
s The any cost ban of to postern lees been a*std to 
rent arno'
 a ecann 
Thenbection WS; Relics S twanbos send cv 
mocerrec for der athant ma staternat period 
Trades lbeented std Nat Tat taateadt roe: 
ml nett my Wades rot nt need by to foist 
:tag date The stainers dale es mated nevaam 
IMPORTANT NOTES 
Dividend Income: rodeos onkel to year accuse Mee 
rare :dna gars roman* dearth inn binds on 
tong' gods YOU way wsn lo area tha In Papa vas 
'Nerd to 'use so Wary on Vase &rand mats. 
Methods of Competing Merest ea Debit 
Balances, 
Merest 6 caned en a ay iy dry basis foray dry id thee 
nen dad tact h yen Dal accost be ablation • 
made ea a Whild tom A to mesterei*, grin en to 
Stead Monet tarn nay be Mead tom Brew toe a 
buten min man ratesafor char mews. 
Orates he one babnces nay be teed n it Ales 
lantern taut to the in ton a 17CIR Skeen 3.10.156.3 
weer the Seater badge ed of 1934 
You haw to %It 
m mew km us n the cease of nom, Maness operaten 
dal demand to nab or 
a) 
any he crecit names to ens you are lathed 
b) 
try lamed sautes to mild yen we Mad 
sty staavth Pirdsuid on ^lir LW 
hi paper or 
feyndetternessIOUS 
If tela is a min, accost end we mein a ben 
memorardm accost for ps. lies a a abed nein et 
yew grid more ad special memrasten accost 
morainal to yen under Sitcom 1706 et teat° T aid 
try Pa Bard of Donn of the Faint Rend System. The 
pennant word et as nine hone a raga by 
Realm, T. a ream ix a repeal 
For Gads Acceense run rienstien wt respect 
to comments end on dams rented to Pe enectlos ol 
li ed cptcre tanseceons Ins beta mused on cabratore 
of such banana preskusa tensed to yen and ea 
ntirnallen v.4 be male await b vat pan* wen van 
Walt 
Realer ends: 
e sty nosties in by a 
for pis 
accost me bean rickyricen when Pa Peen read woe 
Darter 31, 1992 wit viral waren a nye then ow 
yaw. we are mat we we tasty the cadan set bet n 
shgemire 
and di 
CO riencY Rasa See,
1.16S12 (e) (3) arid mewl that we a 
empty wed the 
regimen of Tinny Regan Sexton 1.1e612(c) 0) b 
wanton delve-yet such Ware abigaba 
financial ritatonsoat A Swell storm of of kin 
for yen amoral raped= al or t 
a a copy 
vi-lx want torn don Arden media 
Candy: 
Alva we at sue now a ad as a cleamg 
aged kr AV bicker we terry thir mart ad ad as sat 
daanda to ant ha searbes. am meted by us, nth 
ruse barn *prate 
*e
 vih as to4i 
ear brag, a 
agranke mamma et trienracta we nen for tar 
accent 
nines coon% to pas at Mal 
In 
yen 
and nay be tread la ea Chart Senn 
Ofthararent at 317-03e12579 If yea axon is Mocked by 
rater bioler, elan:ma 
wag a 
accost ad 
en stay Own We
 Da trod to anti Maw. 
Rapaltalda b Ilia Yam' Ilaramo Suva 
As 
required by law, al year and, war v.. rend to you and to 
the eternal iarilekle Setae and to <than dates mean 
edonnadon on sales including shod Ulan thndende. and 
tenors types of attest sal harm been created to yea 
acoctre 
PLEASE PROMPTLY NOTPY VOA ACCCIMT 
DICED/FIVE NWRITIOCC ANT MATERIAL 
ClioNWS WIGS FIWCIAL 
CIRCUPASTMCES OR PAIESTIAENT 
oeJECTIVES 
3ternment Frequency: Statements sal be moiled to 
wstomets whose account has Warty caring the staterrere 
period affeang money balances arena seen/ positrons 
Delany Veda Panned curarens whose a cant has 
wary al receive statements on a °artery inns that sal 
reflect all early dunr.g the paler Al other adorned vat 
be sere statements at least four times a calendar year 
presided their accoure combs a mow balance or 
starry podia, 
lafeeirellon AvallaB a Upon Rogues The date 
and tine of the tromecoon aid the name of the neon from 
whom the 'truly was purchased. or to whom it was sold 
wit be berthed icon request 
abase promptly way the aka servidng yea non 
in 
writing et any change of anon The cake knead your 
axount can be lowed on Page 1. 
KInck dark yaw accost numbed.) on el et:despondence. 
Bee. Steam /nudes Cap man a member d the 
Sounds 
neestor 
Protection 
Corpabon r9PC% 
provides Wart prantion Ice the net nay of a 
cinemas funds ad senates podded. WC pecregles 
Exam) at penury net task Protechars wan; 
SkO,C00 for chines for cash nix Cover 
. 
Nsa 
vroweax.o9 for roca Wombats that WC Coverage. 
BSSC provides the additional protection rEaces, srci 
through Custom., Asset Protection Company re-GPCCrl. 
a New Yak keened iraurance company. 
Accord 
protection apples when a Slot member fern It 
fineriesey and is unable to ins* as diatom to as 
Wine" cinemas, but does int apply to losses loin the 
rise or Id es to market raked Investments a to WC 
Innen assets such as Mures. oaken as knees. 
forests neap 
trernactions, 
or 
any wester" 
conbacts that are not owned an shun. 
The LISA PATRIOT Act resides than al 
financial 
intaltuton °train sedan Ideltheaben gonna; or other 
irOCCINLOti ti ceder to comply we their customer 
identbation procedures Unla you prone the reused 
Infonnabos a bourne,. we may WI be able to Open or 
maiden an aceouM or effect any Ifinnehons for you. 
ing2stos 
027 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan Chase 
090106:07:58 001 
WI.4 
JPM-SDNY-00055746 
EFTA00011150
--- PAGE 3 ---
BEAR 
STMRNS 
ce 
OFRCE SERVICING vim ACCOUNT 
Bear. Sten 
& Co. Inc. 
Cash Flow Analysis 
Income Summary 
MIf PERIO0 
Opening Balsa 
$0.00 
Money Fund 
DmdendsAnterest 
250.36 
1.444.28 
~aunt Credited 
$1,894.64 
Money Fund 
-1.694.64 
Amount Wed 
$1,694.64 
Closing Balance 
$0.00 
Tin PERIO0 
YEAR TO DATE 
Dividends 
250.36 
85365.37 
Mum ante ht. 
1.444.28 
41.012.58 
Credit Balance Int. 
0.00 
2.44 
Total 
$1,094.04 
$128,780.39 
Bond Purchase Ins 
0.00 
-310.52 
Portfolio Composition 
Cash/Cash Ecsentlent 
56.359 
Couifits 
13.045.856 
Need Income 
1.700.000 
Total 
$14,802,215 
CLEARED THROUGH ITS 
MMOLLY OWNED SiESICYARY 
Bee. Steams Sawlike Cap. 
GrISIAINE MAXWELL 
STATEMENT PERIOD August 1, 2008 
THROUGH 
August 31. 2008 
ACCOUNT KAISER 
TAXPAYER NUMBER On Elie 
LAST STATEMENT 
July 31, 2008 
Your Portfolio 
Allocation 
Cash & E 
ivalent 
<1% 
Fixed 
c 
e 
11% 
Equities 
88% 
Unshaded poems denote debt balance andkr that 
mars« valves The albcaban percentage el deemed 
born he serous marketvalue CE per ~Ole 
027 
09,01,06:01:58 001 
V914 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan Chase 
JPM-SDNY-00055747 
EFTA00011151
--- PAGE 4 ---
BEAR 
STEARNS 
00 a 
Your Portfolio Holdings 
CASH & CASH EQUIVALENTS 
OESCRIPTION 
DREYFUS CASH MANAGEMENT-CI A 
DIGO( 
INSIMMONAL SNARES 
EST 30 DAY AVG YIELD 5.2300% 
OFFICE SERviONG YOUR ACCOuNT 
Bear. Steens & Co. Inc. 
QUANTITY 
56.359.13 
WNW 
CSTiMATLD 
ming( 
MICE 
VALUE 
ANNUAL INCOME 
YIELD (%) 
1.0000 
56.359 
2.987 
5.3000 
TOTAL CASH & CASH EQUIVALENTS 
$58,389 
$2,987 
CLEARED THROUGH ITS 
MOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY 
Beer. Stearns Securities COW. 
GrilStAINE MAXw€LL 
STATEMENT PERIOD August 1, 2000 
THROUGH 
August 31. 2006 
ACCOUNT NUMBER 
TAXPAYER NUMBER On File 
LAST STATEMENT 
July 31, 2006 
EQUITIES 
Equities & Options 
The research ratings for Bear Stearns (BSC) are shown for certain securities covered by the BSC Equity Research Department. The first rating represents the stock's total return 
relative to the other stocks covered by that Anatyst The key for the stock rating values is as follows: 0 = Outperform; P = Peer Perform: U = Underperform. The second rating 
represent the rating of the coverage universe relative to the regional broader market index. The key for the sector rating is as follows: MO = Market Overweight; MW = Market 
Weight: MU = Market underweight. In cases where the BSC rating is present, the name of an independent, third-party research provider and their rating may also be displayed, 
where such research is available. The various providers use different ratings systems and have normalized them as follows: B = Buy; H = Hold; S = Sell (this may not always 
correspond directly to the underlying rating system used by each provider or BSC). The ratings information contained herein is for informational purposes only and is not intended 
to provide tax, legal, or investment advice. Bear Stearns is neither soliciting any action based on such information, nor endorsing any recommendation or opinion expressed by 
any independent, third-party research provider. The symbol — indicates that continuing coverage of the subject company is temporarily not available due to legal reasons. 
Independent, third-party research on certain companies covered by the Firms research is available to customers of Bear Stearns at no cost. Customers can access this research 
at www.bearsteams.com or can call (800) 517.2327 to request that a copy of this research be sent to them. 
DESCRIPTION 
snewcusw 
ACCT 
Type 
QUANTITY 
MICE 
MMES 
TAM 
ESTIMATED 
ANNUAL INCOME 
CURRENT 
YIELD 00 
BP PLC ORO (UN 
BMOC 
CASH 
11.3720 
205 
3.4146 
UW00.26 
BEM STEARNS COMPANIES NC 
BSC 
CASH 
100.000 
iaossoo 
13.035.000 
112.000 
0)3592 
GLAXOSMITHICLINE 
ORD GBP025 
BSC RATING: STOCK PiSECTOR MO 
ARMS FUNDAMENTAL RESEARCH 
MONO: B 
SWF 
CASH 
283410 
027 
09/02106.0TS8 001 
V914 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan Chase 
JPM-SDNY-00055748 
EFTA00011152
--- PAGE 5 ---
BEAR 
STEARNS 
OFFICE SERVICING YOUR ACCOUNT 
Bear. Stews & Co. Inc. 
A' A 
Your Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
Equities & Options (COnbilund) 
DESCRIPTION 
SYMIOUCUSIP 
ACCT 
TIME 
QUANTITY 
PRICE 
MARKET 
ESTIMATED 
CURRENT 
WAVE 
ANNUAL INCOME 
VELD (%) 
UVEPERSON NC 
LPSN 
CASH 
2000 
5.2000 
10.400 
VISTEON CORD 
VC 
CASH 
8.5700 
223 
Total Equities & Optics. 
$13,045,856 
$112,007 
TOTAL mimes 
513,045,858 
$112,007 
FMED INCOME 
Municipal Bonds 
DESCRIPTION 
SINSIOUCINAP 
ACCT 
TYPE 
DWAINE/ 
MINX 
IMIMET NUDE 
ACCRUED 
INTEREST 
ESTIMATED 
ANNuAL INCOME 
CURRENT 
VELD 
NEW YORK CITY N Y 
SER 6-8 
84966CAT6 
CASH 
100.000 
100.0000 
100.000 
274 
3.400 
3.4000 
YMLY FLTR 
DATED DATE 11/16,94 
EOM ENTRY ONLY 
WE 06/1.5.2024 3.400% 
RATING: MOODY MA SW M 
IRIBOROUGH BRDG & TUNL AUDI 
898033011 
CASH 
400.000 
100.0000 
400.00D 
2,267 
13.600 
3.4000 
W SF% REDOSER A 
DATED DATE 1O25,O0 
EOM ENTRY ONLY 
ESA INSURED 
DUE 01/01/2031 3.4001E JJ 01 
RATING: MOODY MA SWAM 
IRIBOROUGH BRDG & TUM. AUTH 
896033Q59 
CASH 
800000 
100.0000 
800.000 
4.533 
27.200 
3.4000 
W SPL RFOGSER B 
DATED DATE 11.02/00 
EOM ENTRY ONLY 
FSA INSURED 
DUE 01/01/2031 3.400%11 01 
RARING: MOODY/OA SWAM 
CLEARED THROUGH ITS 
W.4OLLY OWNED SJESIDIARY 
Sear. Steams Securities Cap. 
GhISLAINE MAXWELL 
STATEMENT PERIOD August 1, 2006 
THROUGH 
August 31. 2008 
ACCOUNT MAISER 
TAXPAYER NUMBER On File
LAST STATEMENT 
July 31, 2006 
027 
0901206.07 58 001 
"R14 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan Chase 
JPM-SDNY-00055749 
EFTA00011153
--- PAGE 6 ---
BEAR 
STDIRNS 
OFFICE SERVICING YOUR ACCOUNT 
Bear. Stearns & Co. Inc. 
Your Portfolio Holdings (continued) 
Municipal Bonds 
conbnucd) 
DESCRIPTION 
METROPOLITAN ITIPNSN AUTH N Y 
REV RIDG-SER D-2 
DATED DATE 083802 
EOM ENTRY ONLY 
FSA INSURED 
WE 11/01/2032 3370% 
RATING: MCCOY AAA SWAM 
ACCT 
SYMBOL/CURIA 
TYPE 
59259PED2 
CASH 
DUANITIT 
CLEARED THROUGH ITS 
SAJESID / 
Sear. Steams SCCUMJCS CO M. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
STATEMENT PERIOD August 1, 2006 
THROUGH 
August 31, 2006 
ACCOUNT NumeER 
TAxPAYER KINSER On Me 
LAST STATEMENT 
July 31, 2006 
ACCRuED 
ESTIMATED 
CURRENT 
PRICE 
MARKET VALUE 
INTEREST 
A/MUAL INCOME 
YIELD (V 
100.000 
100.0000 
100.000 
272 
8370 
3.3700 
METROPOLITAN TRANSN AUTH N Y 
59259R7D6 
CASH 
300.000 
103.0000 
300.000 
788 
10.110 
3.3700 
GO SUB SERA'. 
DATED DATE 06t24,04 
804:0( ENTRY ONLY 
WE 11:01:2034 3.370% 
RATING MOODY ,VN 
SEP AAA 
Total Municipal Bonds 
$1,700,000 
$8,134 
$57,680 
TOTAL FIXED INCOME 
$1,700,000 
$8,134 
$57,680 
YOUR PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS ACCRUED INTEREST 
$8,134 
YOUR PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS ESTIMATED ANNUAL INCOME 
$172,674 
YOUR PRICED PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS 
$14,802,215 
027 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan Chase 
JPM-SDNY-00055750 
EFTA00011154
--- PAGE 7 ---
BEAR 
STEARNS 
0 a 
OFFICE SERVICING YOUR ACCOUNT 
BOOT. SICDTOS & CO. Inc. 
CLEARED THROUGH ITS 
LV.401TY OWNED SJESIDIARY 
Sear. Steams Securities Cap. 
GhISLAINE MAXWELL 
STATEMENT PERIOD August 1, 2006 
Transaction 
MONEY FUND 
Detail 
ACTIVITY 
TRANSACTOR 
OCTIRIPTON 
STIOOLATISIP 
SMARM 
PRIM 
THROUGH 
August 31. 2008 
ACCOUNT MAILER 
TAXPAYER NUMBER On File
LAST STATEMENT 
July 31, 2008 
OMIT AMOUNT 
CREDIT AMOUNT 
TAW 
MAW 
08/0106 
OPENING BALANCE 
54,444.44 
03/01/06 
BOUGHT 
DREYFUS CASH MAMGEMENT-el. A 
DION 
1.444.28 
t0000 
1.444.28 
INSIOUTIONAL SHARES 
05/01/06 
DIVIDEND 
DREYFUS CASH AMMAGEMENTtl. A 
DION 
250.36 
INSTITUTIONAL SHARES 
MONTHLY DIVIDEND 
08/01/06 
REINVEST 
DREYFUS CASH MANAGEMENT-el A 
250.36 
25036 
INSTITUTIONAL SHARES 
DNIDEND REINVEST 
08/31/06 
CLOSING BALANCE 
58,351.13 
TOTAL 
S2,4194.44 
$260.S• 
INTEREST 
DATE 
DESCRITION 
060106 
METROPOUTAN TRANSN AUTH N Y 
SUB SER Al 
DUE 11/01/2034 
3.580 
REO NT ON 300000 ENO 
RED 013108 PAY 0601/06 
SYNSOUCUSIP 
59259RID6 
QUANTITY 
RATE (%) 
300.000 
3.5800 
OMR AMOUNT 
=TNT AMOUNT 
853.73 
08/0106 
NEW YORKaTY N Y G/0 SER B8 
649660RT6 
100.000 
3.6000 
306.33 
MINFM 
DUE 08/15/2024 
3800 
REG INT ON 100000 END 
RED 07/31/08 ANY OSMAN 
027 
CAVOLOEWTSIS 001 
W14 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan Chase 
JPM-SDNY-00055751 
EFTA00011155
--- PAGE 8 ---
CLEARED THROUGH ITS 
AMOLLY OVAED SJELSID A=IY 
BEAR 
STEARNS 
e a 
GAME SERyiertG YOUR ACCOUNT 
Bear. Stearns & Co. Inc. 
Transaction Detail (continued) 
INTEREST 
(continuo:0 
DATE 
DESempnom 
08/03/06 
METRCPOUTAN TRANSN AU111 N Y 
REV MDOSER 0-2 
DUE 11/012032 
3.580 
REG INT ON 100000 EIND 
REG 0701,08 PAY 080008 
SYMBOL/GUMP 
59259RED2 
QUANTITY 
RATE (V 
100.000 
3.5800 
DERR AMOUNT 
Sear. Steams Securities Corp. 
GAIISLAINE MAXWELL 
STATEIAEtil PERIOD August 1, 2006 
THROUGH 
August 31, 2006 
ACCOUNT NUMBER 
TAXPAYER NUMBER On Ale 
LAST STATEMENT 
July 31, 2006 
CREDIT AMOUNT 
284.22 
TOTAL 
$1,444.28 
End of Statement **It" 
027 
090106:07:58 001 
V914 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan Chase 
JPM-SDNY-00055752 
EFTA00011156


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011157.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011157.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 351 Filed 10/15/21 Page 1 of 4 
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
USDC SONY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC 0: 
DATE FILED: 10/15/21 
BY ECF 
The Honorable Alison J. Nathan 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
United States Courthouse 
Foley Square 
New York, New York 10007 
The Silvio J. Moll° Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York. New York 10007 
October 15, 2021 
For the reasons stated in this letter, the Court finds that 
there is good cause for any motion under Federal Rule of 
Evidence 412 to be filed no later than October 27, 2021. 
Any response will be due November 1, 2021. Any hearing 
will tentatively be scheduled for November 5, 2021. 
Additional details will be provided if and when any motions 
are filed. SO ORDERED. 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Dear Judge Nathan: 
The Government respectfully submits this letter in response to the Court's Order dated 
October 14, 2021 (Dkt. No. 347) ordering the Government to respond to the defendant's October 
14, 2021 letter regarding the deadline for filing a motion under Federal Rule of Evidence 412 (Dkt. 
No. 345). In particular, the defendant wrote the Court to "confirm that November 15, 2021 is the 
deadline for [her] to file a motion under Federal Rule of Evidence 412." (Dkt. No. 345). 
Federal Rule of Evidence 412(a)(1) provides that in a case involving allegations of sexual 
misconduct, "evidence offered to prove that a victim engaged in other sexual behavior" is 
inadmissible. The Rule "'aims to safeguard the alleged victim against the invasion of privacy, 
potential embarrassment and sexual stereotyping that is associated with public disclosure of 
intimate sexual details."' United States v. Rivera, 799 F.3d 180, 184 (2d Cir. 2015) (quoting Fed. 
R. Evid. 412 advisory committee's note). "The exclusion, however, is not absolute" as Rule 412(b) 
provides certain exceptions to this general prohibition in criminal cases. Id. Rule 412 provides 
that "[i]f a party intends to offer evidence under Rule 412(b)," the party must file a motion 
specifically describing the evidence and the purpose of the evidence, Fed. R. Evid. 412(c)(1)(A), 
iiir10/15/21 
EFTA00011157
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 351 Filed 10/15/21 Page 2 of 4 
Page 2 
and must "do so at least 14 days before trial unless the court, for good cause, sets a different time." 
Fed. R. Evid. 412(c)(1)(B) (emphasis added). This language plainly gives the Court authority to 
set a "different" time, not necessarily a "later" time, to require the defense to file a Rule 412 
motion. See, e.g., Order, United States v. Andrews, No. 19 Cr. 131 (PAE) (S.D.N.Y. Jan. 29, 2020) 
(Dkt. No. 287) (setting a Rule 412 deadline of February 13, 2020, for a March 9, 2020 trial); Order, 
United States v. Rivera, No. 19 Cr. 131 (PAE) (S.D.N.Y. Apr. 29, 2020) (Dkt. No. 384) (setting a 
Rule 412 deadline of October 15, 2020, for a November 9, 2020 trial); United States v. Dupigny, 
Cr. 528 (JMF) (S.D.N.Y. Oct. 23, 2019) (Dkt. No. 202) (requiring a "finalized proffer of 
evidence" the defense sought to admit under Rule 412 by December 6, 2019, in advance of a 
January 13, 2020 trial); United States v. Backman, 817 F.3d 662, 669-70 (9th Cir. 2016) 
(concluding that district court did not abuse its discretion when setting Rule 412 deadline more 
than 14 days before trial and denying request to amend the motion less than 14 days before trial); 
United States v. Valenzuela, No. Cr. 07-11, 2008 WL 2824958, at *4 n.12 (CD. Cal. July 21, 
2008) ("Good cause exists to advance the deadline for filing a Rule 412(c) motion by eleven days 
given the complex nature of the action and the volume of evidence that will likely be presented at 
trial."); see also Charles Alan Wright & Arthur R. Miller, 23 Fed. Prac. & Proc. Evid. § 5377 (2d 
ed. 2020) (explaining that the text of Rule 412(c)(1)(B) "suggests that the court might require that 
the motion be filed earlier than 14 days before trial or might permit the motion to be brought later, 
including during trial."). Accordingly, the Government respectfully submits that the express terms 
of Rule 412 contemplate that the Court can set an earlier briefing schedule. 
A deadline more than two weeks in advance of trial is consistent with the Rule's procedural 
requirements. Before admitting evidence under Rule 412, the Court "must conduct an in camera 
hearing and give the victim and parties a right to attend and be heard." Fed. R. Evid. 412(c)(2). 
EFTA00011158
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 351 Filed 10/15/21 Page 3 of 4 
Page 3 
"Given that the hearing provides an opportunity for the Rule 412 movant to detail the evidence he 
seeks to admit and for the parties to discuss the propriety of its admission, the notice requirement 
should be seen as serving two purposes: I) aiding the Court in determining the threshold matter of 
whether a hearing is necessary; and 2) providing sufficient notice to the nonmovant and victim 
alike to prepare for and argue against the necessity of any in camera hearing." United States v. 
Smith, 19 Cr. 324 (BAH), 2020 WL 5995100, at *19 (D.D.C. Oct. 9, 2020). 
Here, the Government produced to the defense a witness list, Giglio material, Jencks Act 
material, and notice pursuant to Federal Rule of Evidence 404(b) by October 11, 2021, or 7 weeks 
in advance of trial. The Government understands that the Court's schedule for early disclosure of 
Jencks Act material and early motions in limine was designed, in part, to ensure that any significant 
issues are resolved substantially in advance of trial. The Government respectfully submits that the 
Court has "good cause" to set an earlier deadline in order to ensure that any issues stemming from 
Rule 412 litigation are resolved in a timely fashion in advance of trial, including the need for the 
Government to investigate and meaningfully respond to such sensitive and important issues. See 
Smith, 2020 WL 5995100, at *19. 
Additionally, a deadline of 14 days before trial for the defense's Rule 412 motion is not 
practical in light of the trial schedule. Under the defense schedule, the defense will file their Rule 
412 motion on November 15, 2021, and give notice to both the Government and victims. See Fed. 
R. Evid. 412(c)(1)(D). At some point over the following two weeks—during jury selection and 
the Thanksgiving holiday—the Government will respond to the motion, and the Court "must 
conduct an in camera hearing" that gives the parties and the victims the right to be heard. See Fed. 
R. Evid. 412(c)(2). Given that there are multiple victim witnesses and the defense has not yet 
notified the Government whether it intends to make a Rule 412 motion as to one or more than one 
EFTA00011159
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 351 Filed 10/15/21 Page 4 of 4 
Page 4 
of them, there may be a need for multiple such hearings. The Court must then adjudicate the 
motion before trial starts or during trial. There is no reason to impose the defense's cramped 
schedule on the Court or the parties, particularly where the motion concerns such sensitive issues. 
For these reasons, the Government respectfully submits that the Court should maintain the 
October 18, 2021 in lintine deadline as the deadline for the defense to file a motion under Rule 
412, or order that any Rule 412 motion be made, at the latest, by October 25, 2021. 
Respectfully submitted, 
DAMIAN WILLIAMS 
United States Attorney 
By: 
5/ 
Assistant United States Attorneys 
Southern District of New York 
Cc: Defense counsel (By ECF) 
EFTA00011160


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011161.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011161.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To 
Cc: 
) 
Subject: FW: 20cr330, U.S. v. Maxwell 
Date: Fri, 15 Oct 2021 22:57:32 +0000 
Attachments: 20cr330 ME 10.15.2 1 .pdf 
(USANYS)" 
Attaching her order on the defense's motion on FRE 412. 
From: Nathan NYSD Chambers 
Sent: Fricla October 15 2021 
To 
Laura Menninger <a>; 
Jeff Pagliuca 
>; 
Subject: 20cr330, U.S. v. Maxwell 
Counsel: 
Attached please find a memo endorsement issued by Judge Nathan. It will be filed on the public docket on 
Monday morning. 
Please confirm receipt. 
Sincerely, 
Chambers of the Hon. Alison J. Nathan 
EFTA00011161


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011162.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011162.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: in" 
alMIE> 
To: ir 
. 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: Revised MILs 
Date: Mon, 18 Oct 2021 18:29:19 +0000 
Attachments: Government_MIL_v6_to_v7_redline.docx; Govemment_MIL_v7.docx 
Attached is a clean version and a redline. 
FYSA, the paras can't help with citechecking after all. 
EFTA00011162


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011163.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011163.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To 
Cc: 
Subject: Defense MIL 4 
Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2021 14:55:18 +0000 
Attachments: 4. Motion to Exclude Accuser-3 Evidence.pdf 
HeM 
Can we talk about defense MIL 4 sometime today or tomorrow? I think you briefed basically the same issue as a pretrial 
motion, so it'd be great to talk through how to respond. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
New York. New York 10007 
EFTA00011163


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011164.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011164.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: '
(USANYS)" <1 
(USANYS)" <1 
Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] 
Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2021 17:17:56 +0000 
Attachments: Maxwell's_Motions_in_Limine.zip 
Inline-Images: image001.jpg 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:50 AM 
To: 
(USANYS)<
> 
SANYS) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] 
Oh sure! I've attached the zip file, but also happy to add you to the share drive if you like. 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:19 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
< 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS)<
> 
Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] 
Thanks, 
I don't seem to have access to the shared. Would you mind asking IT to add me and =? 
And/or 
emailing the PDF? 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 12:15 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
<
>; 
(USANYS) 
< 
Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] 
The defense filed 13 motions in limine. I've attached their two cover letters, and the various motions are saved here: 
Usa.doj.gov\ clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 \ !Trial MILWefense MILs 
From: Nicole Simmons 
Sent: Monday, October 18, 2021 11:41 PM 
To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' < 
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca 
Laura Menninger 
>; 
(USANYS) 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] 
Dear Judge Nathan: 
EFTA00011164
--- PAGE 2 ---
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine and supporting documents. 
Regards, 
Nicole Simmons 
Nicole Simmons 
Haddon, Morgan and 
Foreman. P C. 
%wnv.hmflaw.com 
EFTA00011165


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011166.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011166.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
" 
To: r 
Bcc: "USAHUB-USAJoumal111" <
IMINE> 
Subject: FW: Search Terms for Maxwell Case 
Date: Tue, 08 Dec 2020 18:10:18 +0000 
Embedded: FW:_Search_Terms_for Maxwell_Case.msg 
(USANYS)" 
Sender: 
Subject: FW: Search Terms for Maxwell Case 
Message-Id: 
<SN5P110MB05420AAD754412C9B276B2.9B92CD0@SN5P110MB0542.NAMP110.PROD.OUTLOOK.CO 
M> 
To: 
To: 
EFTA00011166


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011167.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011167.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Christian Everdell <CEverdell 
To:" 
Cc: ' 
CohenGresser.com> 
(USANYS)'" 
, "Mark S. Cohen" <mcohen@CohenGresser.com>, "'BOBBI 
C STERNHEIM"' <bcstemheim@mac.com>, 'Jeff Pagliuca' <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>, 
'Laura Menninger' <Imenninger@hmflaw.com> 
Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AIN) — Renewed Bail Motion and Exhibits (to be 
Filed Under Seal) 
Date: Tue, 08 Dec 2020 22:29:51 +0000 
Attachments: Exhibit_O_Redacted.pdf; Exhibit_P_Redacted.pdf; Exhibit_S_Redacted.PDF; 
Exhibit_W_Redacted.pdf; Exhibit_X_Redacted.pdf 
Inline-Images: image001.gif; image002.jpg 
Dear Judge Nathan — 
Attached please find the following documents submitted to the Court and all counsel under seal pursuant to the Court's 
order (Dkt. 89): 
1. 
Accompanying exhibits 0-P (redacted) 
2. 
Accompanying exhibit S (redacted) 
3. 
Accompanying exhibits W-X (redacted) 
Regards, 
Christian R Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
ew b 
Washington DC I London 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only 
the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
review. dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error. please immediately notify 
the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you. 
PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed aL SI
:4://vnew.cohengtessercom/priyacy
licx
EFTA00011167


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011168.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011168.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit P 
EFTA00011168
--- PAGE 2 ---
owner o 
Statement of 
, am a forensic accountant and private investigator, and the 
I received a BA in Economics from 
Lehman College in 1973 and an advanced degree in Personal Financial Planning 
from Lehman College in 1997. I have been a Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE) 
since receiving that designation in 1997. 
2. Prior to entering the private sector, I was a Special Agent kith the Internal 
Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation Division (IRS-CID) from 1973 until 
my retirement in 1998. As a Special Agent, I worked on numerous financial 
fraud investigations, including several with the U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of New York. In addition, during the last five years of my 
employment with the IRS, I received the designation of Cross-Designation 
Authority from the FBI while being a member of the joint task force with the 
FBI and the NYPD whose responsibilities were to investigate the federal 
money laundering statutes on a national and international scale. 
3. I have over forty years of experience in complex financial fraud 
investigations, including: income tax violations, white collar crime, and 
securities fraud. I also have extensive field experience in the tracing of assets 
and reviewing books and records to recognize, identify, and trace suspicious 
EFTA00011169
--- PAGE 3 ---
financial activity. I have also conducted numerous forensic investigative 
audits. 
4. I have been hired by federal and state law enforcement agencies on numerous 
occasions to serve as a forensic accountant/investigator for corporate 
monitorships and other compliance programs. For example, I was a member 
of the World Trade Center Integrity Compliance Program administered by the 
New York City Department of Investigation. My responsibilities included 
preventing and detecting wasteful or abusive practices by contractors at the 
World Trade Center site. My work consisted of reviewing the books and 
records, including workers payroll records and invoices, and detailing any 
fraud discovered in final summary reports. 
5. For this engagement, I was hired by Cohen & Gresser LLP to conduct an 
independent review of a Financial Condition Report prepared by Macalvins 
Accountants summarizing the financial condition and assets of Ghislaine 
Maxwell for the time period 2015-2020. I was asked to verify the accuracy of 
the representations contained in the Independent Accountants' Commentary 
and the accompanying Statement of Financial Condition including related 
Excel schedules documenting the findings. 
6. I reviewed the Independent Accountants' Commentary, the Statement of 
Financial Condition, and the Excel schedules. To complete my review, I was 
given access to all of the underlying documents relied upon by Macalvins to 
prepare the Financial Condition Report, and I reviewed these underlying 
documents to the extent necessary to verify the representations in the 
EFTA00011170
--- PAGE 4 ---
Financial Condition Report. I also posed questions to the Macalvins 
accountants and requested additional documents that I required to confirm the 
amounts listed in the Financial Condition Report and accompanying 
schedules. At all times, I was given complete access to the relevant 
documents and allowed to ask any questions I thought pertinent to my 
analysis. 
Conclusion 
7. Based on my review, I believe that the Financial Condition Report represents 
a complete and accurate summary of the assets held by Ms. Maxwell and her 
husband, as well as assets that were, or are currently, held in trust for the 
benefit of Ms. Maxwell, for the time period from 2015-2020. 
EFTA00011171


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011172.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011172.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit S 
EFTA00011172
--- PAGE 2 ---
STATEMENT OF 
SECURITY CONSULTANT 
1. 1,-, 
served for 25 years in the United Kingdom military. For 15 of those years, I 
served in the United Kingdom Special Forces. I have worked in the security industry for ten 
years and have gained a level 6 Security Risk Management Consultants (SRMC) qualification, 
working towards a master's degree in Risk Management. I hold numerous instructional and 
operational licenses qualifying me to deliver several types of security services under the UK 
Security Industry Authority, including a certification to provide close protection services for 
individuals facing physical threats. I am a member of the Academy of Security Intelligence and 
Risk Studies and have owned and operated security companies in all capacities in a number of 
different countries. 
2. As part of my security portfolio, I have secured global assets and have protected numerous high 
value persons. As an example, I was contracted to guard the UKs third richest person, 
according to Forbes, after he broke his agreed bail conditions with another consultant. Under 
my protection never escaped again and completed his high-profile court appearances to 
cessation. 
3. 1 have provided security consultation and services for the Maxwell family for a number of years 
in both the United Kingdom and United States. I provided security services for Ghislaine 
Maxwell from approximately July 2019 through up to the time of her arrest on July 2, 2020. 
4. Ms. Maxwell faced a number of security issues. For example, I was aware that she received a 
number of death threats connected to her relationship with Jeffery Epstein some 20 years 
previously. She was also the target of aggressive behavior by members of the press who were 
trying to achieve a `scoop.' This kind of behavior is not only harassing, but can be life 
threatening. A good example is the case of Princess Diana, who unfortunately lost her life due to 
EFTA00011173
--- PAGE 3 ---
press intrusion into her personal space. My consultants conduct meticulous planning and 
preparation to avoid such instances. 
5. After the announcement of Epstein's death on the 10th August 2019, my risk assessment showed 
that Ghislaine Maxwell was at substantial risk. It was therefore paramount for her safety that we 
implement certain security protocols, which we did. 
6. On the morning of July 2, 2020, my operative/consultant 
was providing 
security and administrative support for Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell at a residence in Bradford, New 
Hampshire. He had been assigned to Ms. Maxwell since approximately May 2020. I had 
informed 
that Ms. Maxwell needed security because she was being harassed by the press 
and had been the target of physical threats by unknown third parties. 
7. 
was on duty alone on the morning of July 2, 2020. He called me twice after being 
disturbed at approximately 6:30am. He had heard and noticed a helicopter flying above the 
general area of the property. He assumed it was members of the press. He telephoned me and 
informed me of the situation. At this stage, we believed the press had discovered the property. I 
instructed that Ms. Maxwell be informed and she should be prepared to move into a safe room if 
any perimeters were breached. 
8. At approximately 8:30am, 
noticed and subsequently reported to me that vehicles were 
coming up the driveway and that he had approached the vehicles to check what was happening. 
9. 
again assumed it was members of the press. He reported to me that he called Ms. 
Maxwell on the radio to alert her that the press was on the grounds and approaching the house. 
10. There was an established security protocol in place that Ms. Maxwell was to follow in the event 
that her security was threatened while she was inside the house. This protocol was 
communicated to 
when he was assigned to Ms. Maxwell, and he had reviewed it 
with Ms. Maxwell when he started. 
EFTA00011174
--- PAGE 4 ---
11. According to the protocol, Ms. Maxwell was to move away from the windows, if possible, and 
move into a safe room inside the house. This is normal protocol in these situations. A safe room 
typically has water, food and communications. It is also able to be locked and barricaded from 
the inside to ensure it gives enough time for a 911 call to be placed and the police to arrive 
before exposure to the threat. 
12. 
reported to me immediately after Ghislaine Maxwell's arrest. He confirmed to me that 
after radioing Ms. Maxwell, one or two vehicles pulled up and stopped near where 
was 
standing. He was told to stop and move no further by a number of individuals who got out of 
the vehicles. At that time, he could see that they were federal agents because they were wearing 
FBI jackets and had weapons visible. The agents physically searched 
and questioned 
him. 
13. 
was later taken to a vehicle where Ms. Maxwell was sitting. She asked him if he would 
look after the dogs and the cat, which he agreed to do. 
14.1 understand that, as part of her renewed bail application, Ms. Maxwell is proposing a 
substantial bail package that will include the following conditions, among others: (i) Ms. 
Maxwell will surrender all of her travel documents, and (ii) she will be subject to home 
confinement with electronic GPS monitoring. I also understand that, upon release, Ms. 
Maxwell will be monitored 24 hours a day, 7 days a week by our security teams. 
15. In light of the proposed bail package and the strict conditions of her confinement post-release, 
as well as our long-standing relationship with Ms. Maxwell, my company will be posting a $1 
million bond in support of her bail application. 
16.1 have never once posted a bond for a client in the past. I am happy to post a bond for Ms. 
Maxwell in light of the factors discussed above and my relationship with her, because I am 
confident that she will not try to flee. 
EFTA00011175
--- PAGE 5 ---
All of the above is true and to the best of my knowledge 
Signed: 
25/11/2020 
EFTA00011176


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011177.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011177.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit X 
EFTA00011177
--- PAGE 2 ---
The Honourable Alison I Nathan 
United States Distnct Court 
Southern Distnct of New York 
United States Courthouse 
Dear Your Honour. 
2'.° November 2020 
WE. MLss Ghislaine Maxwell - Bail Anolication 
I am sending this character reference in the knowledge that it will be presented to the court at 
Ghislaines bail hearing The content of this letter is the truth and within my knowledge. 
I first met Ghistaine 
Hoch 
Gillslame and her immediate family have  been family friends for decades 
Following our tint encounter we became close 
m ends and remained in constant touch ever since We would always speak on her birthday which 
falls on Christmas Day. 
Ghislame and I would regularly socialize together and 
amongst many other adonng friends and family members I vas 
immediately drawn to Ghisiaine when I first met her and both her honesty a 
shone 
h from the moment we tint met and I was therefore delighted to he asked 
adores Chislaine and it deeply disturbs me that a 
country as great as the United States would even think that Ghistaine poses a danger to children or 
rs and further to this I would have absolutely no hesitation in allowing Ghislaine to look after 
t any time 
Gluslaine ts a prominent individual and I believe she will fight these charges to the end. She will not 
evade justice and is not in any way a flight nsk She should be granted bail immediately so that she 
can form a proper defence to these horrendous charges. She has faced monstrous allegations in the 
press that forted her to have to worry about her safety 
I am not 
paid or retained to provide this letter I would however respectfully be prepared to 
offer any 
nasal surety that I can afford in order to meet any hail pledge that the court may set I 
await t 
uns decision and remain on standby should I he asked to fulfil any such commitment 
thfully 
11O 1, 
EFTA00011178


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011179.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011179.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Christian Everdell
To: "'NathanNYSDChambers@nysd.uscourts.govm
Cc: 
C STERNHEIM"' 
'Laura Menningee 
Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Renewed Bail Motion and Exhibits (to be 
Filed Under Seal) 
Date: Tue, 08 Dec 2020 22:23:57 +0000 
Attachments: Exhibit_O.pdf; Exhibit_P.PDF; Exhibit_Q.pdf; Exhibit_R.pdf; Exhibit_S.PDF; 
Exhibit_T.pdf; Exhibit_U.pdf; Exhibit_V.pdf; Exhibit_W.pdf; Exhibit_X.pdf 
Inline-Images: image001.gif; image002.jpg 
"Mark S. Cohen" 
"'BOBBI 
'Jeff Pagliuca' 
Dear Judge Nathan — 
Attached please find the following documents submitted to the Court and all counsel under seal pursuant to the Court's 
order (Dkt. 89): 
1. 
Accompanying exhibits O-X (unredacted) 
Regards, 
Christian R Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
view bio 
.. co engresser.com 
New York I Paris I Washington DC I London 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only 
the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
review. dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error. please immediately notify 
the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you. 
PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed at: SI oslAwew.cohenpressercom/privacK-policx
EFTA00011179


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011180.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011180.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit P 
EFTA00011180
--- PAGE 2 ---
PRESTON 
IATES INC. 
FO 
NG 
TEL 
Statement of Preston Faro 
I. I, Preston M. Faro, am a forensic accountant and private investigator, and the 
owner of Preston M. Faro & Associates Inc. I received a BA in Economics from 
Lehman College in 1973 and an advanced degree in Personal Financial Planning 
from Lehman College in 1997. I have been a Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE) 
since receiving that designation in 1997. 
2. Prior to entering the private sector, I was a Special Agent with the Internal 
Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation Division (IRS-C1D) from 1973 until 
my retirement in 1998. As a Special Agent, I worked on numerous financial 
fraud investigations, including several with the U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of New York. In addition, during the last five years of my 
employment with the IRS, I received the designation of Cross-Designation 
Authority from the FBI while being a member of the joint task force with the 
FBI and the NYPD whose responsibilities were to investigate the federal 
money laundering statutes on a national and international scale. 
3. 1 have over forty years of experience in complex financial fraud 
investigations, including: income tax violations, white collar crime, and 
securities fraud. I also have extensive field experience in the tracing of assets 
and reviewing books and records to recognize, identify, and trace suspicious 
EFTA00011181
--- PAGE 3 ---
financial activity. I have also conducted numerous forensic investigative 
audits. 
4. I have been hired by federal and state law enforcement agencies on numerous 
occasions to serve as a forensic accountant/investigator for corporate 
monitorships and other compliance programs. For example, I was a member 
of the World Trade Center Integrity Compliance Program administered by the 
New York City Department of Investigation. My responsibilities included 
preventing and detecting wasteful or abusive practices by contractors at the 
World Trade Center site. My work consisted of reviewing the books and 
records, including workers payroll records and invoices, and detailing any 
fraud discovered in final summary reports. 
5. For this engagement, I was hired by Cohen & Gresser LLP to conduct an 
independent review of a Financial Condition Report prepared by Macalvins 
Accountants summarizing the financial condition and assets of Ghislaine 
Maxwell for the time period 2015-2020. I was asked to verify the accuracy of 
the representations contained in the Independent Accountants' Commentary 
and the accompanying Statement of Financial Condition including related 
Excel schedules documenting the findings. 
6. I reviewed the Independent Accountants' Commentary, the Statement of 
Financial Condition, and the Excel schedules. To complete my review, I was 
given access to all of the underlying documents relied upon by Macalvins to 
prepare the Financial Condition Report, and I reviewed these underlying 
documents to the extent necessary to verify the representations in the 
EFTA00011182
--- PAGE 4 ---
Financial Condition Report. I also posed questions to the Macalvins 
accountants and requested additional documents that I required to confirm the 
amounts listed in the Financial Condition Report and accompanying 
schedules. At all times, I was given complete access to the relevant 
documents and allowed to ask any questions I thought pertinent to my 
analysis. 
Conclusion 
7. Based on my review, I believe that the Financial Condition Report represents 
a complete and accurate summary of the assets held by Ms. Maxwell and her 
husband, as well as assets that were, or are currently, held in trust for the 
benefit of Ms. Maxwell, for the time period from 2015-2020. 
PRESTON M. FARO & ASSOCIATES INC. 
FORENSIC ACCOUNTING. 
Preston M Faro (CFE) 
EFTA00011183


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011184.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011184.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit R 
EFTA00011184
--- PAGE 2 ---
Timeline of Discussions with SDNY Prosecutors 
EFTA00011185
--- PAGE 3 ---
Maxwell's Attorneys Were In Regular Contact With SDNY Prosecutors 
Pagliuca and 
SDNY prosecutors 
Pagliuca and 
SDNY prosecutors 
t o 
July 15 
Everdell and 
SDNY prosecutors 
July 15 - 16 
Everdell and 
SDNY prosecutors 
Cohen, Everdell, 
and SDNY 
prosecutors meet 
at SDNY offices 
IU4 
Jul 31 - Aug 2 
Everdell and 
SDNY prosecutors 
Everdell and 
SDNY prosecutors 
a August 14 - 15 
Everdell and 
SDNY prosecutors 
t o August 15 
Cohen, Everdell 
and SDNY 
prosecutors 
r 
September 3-5 
Everdell and 
SDNY prosecutors 
t o 
September 5 
Cohen, Everdell, 
Pagliuca, and 
SDNY prosecutors 
September 10 - 11 
Everdell and 
SDNY prosecutors 
Phone Calls 
October 2 
Everdell and 
SDNY prosecutors 
Cohen, Everdell, 
Pagliuca, and 
SDNY prosecutors 
meet at SDNY 
offices 
Emafls 
Meetings 
Cohen, Everdell, 
and SDNY 
prosecutors 
Cohen, Everdell, 
and SDNY 
prosecutors 
0 1 9 
2020 
EFTA00011186


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011187.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011187.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit S 
EFTA00011187
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sparta Security Services 
Sparta Security Services Ltd 
Barrington House 
Hereford 
HR4 OBQ 
iLybysparta.com 
STATEMENT OF 
SECURITY CONSULTANT 
1. I, 
served for 25 years in the United Kingdom military. For 15 of those years, I 
served in the United Kingdom Special Forces. I have worked in the security industry for ten 
years and have gained a level 6 Security Risk Management Consultants (SRMC) qualification, 
working towards a master's degree in Risk Management. I hold numerous instructional and 
operational licenses qualifying me to deliver several types of security services under the UK 
Security Industry Authority, including a certification to provide close protection services for 
individuals facing physical threats. I am a member of the Academy of Security Intelligence and 
Risk Studies and have owned and operated security companies in all capacities in a number of 
different countries. 
2. As part of my security portfolio, I have secured global assets and have protected numerous high 
value persons. As an example, I was contracted to guard the UKs third richest person, 
according to Forbes, after he broke his agreed bail conditions with another consultant. Under 
my protection never escaped again and completed his high-profile court appearances to 
cessation. 
3. I have provided security consultation and services for the Maxwell family for a number of years 
in both the United Kingdom and United States. I provided security services for Ghislaine 
Maxwell from approximately July 2019 through up to the time of her arrest on July 2, 2020. 
4. Ms. Maxwell faced a number of security issues. For example, I was aware that she received a 
number of death threats connected to her relationship with Jeffery Epstein some 20 years 
previously. She was also the target of aggressive behavior by members of the press who were 
trying to achieve a `scoop.' This kind of behavior is not only harassing, but can be life 
threatening. A good example is the case of Princess Diana, who unfortunately lost her life due to 
EFTA00011188
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sparta Security Services 
Sparta Security Services Ltd 
Barrington House 
Hereford 
HR4 OBQ 
Vd w wscuuitybysparta.com 
press intrusion into her personal space. My consultants conduct meticulous planning and 
preparation to avoid such instances. 
5. After the announcement of Epstein's death on the 10th August 2019, my risk assessment showed 
that Ghislaine Maxwell was at substantial risk. It was therefore paramount for her safety that we 
implement certain security protocols, which we did. 
6. On the morning of July 2, 2020, my operative/consultant 
was providing 
security and administrative support for Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell at a residence in Bradford, New 
Hampshire. He had been assigned to Ms. Maxwell since approximately May 2020. I had 
informed 
that Ms. Maxwell needed security because she was being harassed by the press 
and had been the target of physical threats by unknown third parties. 
7. 
was on duty alone on the morning of July 2, 2020. He called me twice after being 
disturbed at approximately 6:30am. He had heard and noticed a helicopter flying above the 
general area of the property. He assumed it was members of the press. He telephoned me and 
informed me of the situation. At this stage, we believed the press had discovered the property. I 
instructed that Ms. Maxwell be informed and she should be prepared to move into a safe room if 
any perimeters were breached. 
8. At approximately 8:30am, 
noticed and subsequently reported to me that vehicles were 
coming up the driveway and that he had approached the vehicles to check what was happening. 
9. 
again assumed it was members of the press. He reported to me that he called Ms. 
Maxwell on the radio to alert her that the press was on the grounds and approaching the house. 
10. There was an established security protocol in place that Ms. Maxwell was to follow in the event 
that her security was threatened while she was inside the house. This protocol was 
communicated to 
when he was assigned to Ms. Maxwell, and he had reviewed it 
with Ms. Maxwell when he started. 
EFTA00011189
--- PAGE 4 ---
Sparta Security Services 
Sparta Security Services Ltd 
Berrington House 
Hereford 
HR4 0BO 
iLybysparta.com 
11. According to the protocol, Ms. Maxwell was to move away from the windows, if possible, and 
move into a safe room inside the house. This is normal protocol in these situations. A safe room 
typically has water, food and communications. It is also able to be locked and barricaded from 
the inside to ensure it gives enough time for a 911 call to be placed and the police to arrive 
before exposure to the threat. 
12. 
reported to me immediately after Ghislaine Maxwell's arrest. He confirmed to me that 
after radioing Ms. Maxwell, one or two vehicles pulled up and stopped near where 
was 
standing. He was told to stop and move no further by a number of individuals who got out of 
the vehicles. At that time, he could see that they were federal agents because they were wearing 
FBI jackets and had weapons visible. The agents physically searched 
and questioned 
him. 
13. 
was later taken to a vehicle where Ms. Maxwell was sitting. She asked him if he would 
look after the dogs and the cat, which he agreed to do. 
14.1 understand that, as part of her renewed bail application, Ms. Maxwell is proposing a 
substantial bail package that will include the following conditions, among others: (i) Ms. 
Maxwell will surrender all of her travel documents, and (ii) she will be subject to home 
confinement with electronic GPS monitoring. I also understand that, upon release, Ms. 
Maxwell will be monitored 24 hours a day, 7 days a week by our security teams. 
15. In light of the proposed bail package and the strict conditions of her confinement post-release, 
as well as our long-standing relationship with Ms. Maxwell, my company will be posting a $1 
million bond in support of her bail application. 
16.1 have never once posted a bond for a client in the past. I am happy to post a bond for Ms. 
Maxwell in light of the factors discussed above and my relationship with her, because I am 
confident that she will not try to flee. 
EFTA00011190
--- PAGE 5 ---
Sparta Security Services 
Sparta Security Services Ltd 
Barrington House 
Hereford 
HR4 OBQ 
iLybysparta.com 
All of the above is true and to the best of my knowledge 
Signed: 
'94 
25/11/2020 
EFTA00011191


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011192.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011192.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit U 
EFTA00011192
--- PAGE 2 ---
IN THE MATTER OF AN OPINION 
ON THE EXTRADITION LAW OF ENGLAND AND WALES 
RE GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
Overview 
1. This Opinion is provided pursuant to instructions from Peters and Peters Solicitors LLP I dated 12 
August 2020 in the context of bail proceedings relating to Ms Ghislaine Maxwell before the United 
States District Court, Southern District of New York. Subsequent instructions have confirmed that Ms 
Maxwell will execute a waiver of her right to extradition that could be exhibited to a future extradition 
request made by the United States and relied upon in any extradition proceedings. The specific 
questions asked by Peters and Peters are attached at Annex A. A summary of counsel's relevant 
experience is attached at Annex B. The waiver is attached at Annex C. 
2. In summary: 
(a) Extradition proceedings in the United Kingdom are governed by the Extradition Act 2003 
(`the 2003 Act') and, in general, comprise; (i) a hearing before a designated `appropriate 
judge' (the extradition hearing); and (ii) an appeal, subject to a leave requirement. 
(b) In proceedings under the 2003 Act, a requested person may consent to their extradition 
which has the effect of removing the need for an extradition hearing and waiving the 
person's statutory appeal rights. 
(c) In the majority of cases, proceedings in England and Wales in relation to US extradition 
requests are concluded in under two years2. The process is significantly shorter if the 
requested person consents to their extradition and in those cases the timescales are 
approximately between one and three months. 
(d) It is extremely unlikely that bail would be granted in an extradition case in circumstances 
where the requested person had absconded from criminal proceedings in the United States 
prior to trial and in breach of bail. 
I The following documents were annexed to the instructions: (a) Superseding Indictment United States v Ghislaine 
Manvell, dated 8 July 2020; (b) a transcript of the arraignment and bail hearing that took place on 14 July 2020; (c) the 
Motion to Detain the Defendant dated 2 July 2020; (d) the Memorandum in Opposition to the Motion for Detention dated 
July 2020; (e) and the Government Reply Memorandum in Support of Detention dated 13 July 2020. 
There is no data as to the duration of extradition proceedings in Northern Ireland and Scotland but it may be inferred 
that the timescales are similar. 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011193
--- PAGE 3 ---
(e) On the basis of the information currently known, it is highly unlikely that Ghislaine 
Maxwell would be able successfully to resist extradition to the United States in relation to 
the charges in the superseding indictment dated 7 July 2020. 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011194
--- PAGE 4 ---
A. Extradition arrangements between the United Kingdom and the United States 
The extradition arrangements 
3. Extradition relations between the United Kingdom and the United States of America are governed by 
an extradition treaty signed on 31 March 20033, which is given effect in the domestic law of the 
United Kingdom.' by the 2003 Ace. 
Overview of the extradition process 
4. The United States of America has been designated as a `Part 2 territory' (also referred to as a 
`Category 2 territory') for the purposes of the 2003 Act6. The effect of this designation is that 
extradition requests from the United States fall to be considered under Part 2 of the 2003 Act7, and the 
United States is exempted from the requirement to provide evidence sufficient to make a case to 
answer against the requested person (`the prima fade case requirement')8. 
5. Once a valid9 request for extradition is made by a Part 2 territory, the Secretary of State must, subject 
to very limited exceptions1D not applicable here, issue a certificate under section 70. Once a certificate 
is issued, the Secretary of State must send the request and certificate to the appropriate judge. In 
practice, it is extremely rare for the Secretary of State to refuse to issue a certificate under section 70. 
6. Under Part 2 of the 2003 Act, a requested person may be arrested pursuant to either a full extradition 
request'', or a provisional request pending the service of a full extradition request12. In both cases, 
there is an 'initial hearing' at which the requested person is produced before 'the appropriate judge'13
Extradition Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the United 
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, signed 31 March 2003 and ratified on 26 April 2007. 
The Extradition Act 2003 governs extradition to and from the United Kingdom. The Act applies in the three 
jurisdictions within the United Kingdom: (a) England and Wales; (b) Scotland; and (c) Northern Ireland. There am 
limited regional variations of which the only one of relevance to this Opinion is that the forum bar in s. 83A of the 2003 
Act (see para. [34] below) is not yet in force in Scotland. 
s Extradition Act 2003, c.41, given Royal Assent on 20 November 2003. 
Extradition Act 2003 (Designation of Part 2 Territories) Order 2003/3334, Art. 2. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 69. 
Extradition Act 2003, ss. 84(7) and 86(7). 
The conditions governing whether a request is valid are in ss. 70(3).(4A) and (7) of the 2003 Act. 
I° These relate to cases where: (a) there is a competing extradition request from another state (ss. 70(2)(a) and 126); and 
(b) the requested person has been granted refugee status or humanitarian protection in the UK (s. 70(2)(b) and (c)). 
" Extradition Act 2003, s. 71. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 73. 
" As defined ins. 139 of the Extradition Act 2003. 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011195
--- PAGE 5 ---
who must consider, amongst other things, whether to remand the person in custody or on bail''. In 
cases where the person appears before the court pursuant to a full extradition request, the judge must 
set a date for the extradition hearing to begin's. In provisional arrest cases, this date is set after the full 
request is served which, in US extradition cases, must be within 65 days of arrest16. 
7. 
At the extradition hearing, the appropriate judge must decide: (a) whether the extradition request 
meets certain technical requirements''; (b) whether the person appearing before the judge is the 
person whose extradition is requested's; (c) whether the offence(s) specified in the extradition request 
are extradition offence(s)19; (d) whether there are any bars to extradition20; (e) whether extradition 
would be compatible with the person's rights under the European Convention on Human Rights 
('ECHR') within the meaning of the Human Rights Act 199821; and, where applicable, (f) whether 
extradition would be oppressive by reason of the person's mental or physical condition22. 
8. 
If the appropriate judge decides all the statutory questions in favour of the requesting government, 
then they must send the case to the Secretary of State23 who must decide whether any of the bars to 
extradition that she must consider24 apply. These bars are different to those considered by the 
appropriate judge. The Secretary of State has no power to consider any human rights objections to 
extradition25. If she decides that no bars apply, she must order the person's extradition?' subject to 
very limited exceptions which are not applicable here27. 
" Extradition Act 2003, ss. 72(7Xc) and 74(7)(c). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 75. 
" Extradition Act 2003, s. 74(11Xb) and Extradition Act 2003 (Designation of Part 2 Territories) Order 2003/3334, Art. 
4. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 78(2). The request must contain: (a) the documents specified in s. 70(9) (the extradition 
request and the Secretary of State's certificate); (b) particulars of the offence(s) specified in the request; (c) an arrest 
warrant or a certificate of conviction and, where applicable, sentence. The judge must also decide whether the relevant 
documentation has been served on the requested person: s. 87(4)(c). 
IS Extradition Act 2003, s. 78(4)(a). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 78(4)(b). 
The bars to extradition are: (a) the rule against double jeopardy (s. 80); (b) extraneous considerations (s. 81); (c) 
passage of time (s. 82); (d) hostage-taking considerations (s. 83); and (e) forum (s. 83A). The bars to extradition are 
considered further at pans. 26 to 35 below. 
Section 87. The rights under the ECHR apply to every person within the jurisdiction of the United Kingdom: ECHR, 
Art. I. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 91. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 87(3). 
The bars to extradition that the Secretary of State must consider are: (a) the death penalty (s. 94); (b) speciality (s. 95); 
(c) earlier extradition to the United Kingdom from another territory (s. 96); and (d) earlier transfer to the United 
Kingdom from the International Criminal Court (s. 96A). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 70(11). 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011196
--- PAGE 6 ---
9. 
A requested person may appeal the decision of the appropriate judge to send the case to the Secretary 
of State, the decision of the Secretary of State to order extradition, or both28, except in consent cases 
where the person is deemed to have waived their rights of appealt9. Where the requested person is 
discharged at the extradition hearing or by the Secretary of State, the requesting government may 
appeal the decision to discharge30. Extradition appeals are heard by the High Court. An appeal may be 
brought on a question of law or fact and may not be brought unless the court grants leave to appeal 
which requires the Appellant to establish that there is a reasonably arguable ground of appeal31. 
10. Either party may appeal a decision of the High Court to the Supreme Court, but only where the High 
Court has certified that the decision involves a point of law of general public importance, and either 
the High Court or the Supreme Court concludes that the point is one that ought to be considered by the 
Supreme Court32. Where leave is granted, the Supreme Court may either grant the appeal, or dismiss 
it33. In practice, such appeals are extremely rare; in the past ten years, only one US extradition case 
has been considered by the Supreme Court". 
11. In some cases, a requested person may apply to the European Court of Human Rights and seek an 
injunction to prevent the extradition from taking place until the application is determined3s. Such 
applications, which must be based on an alleged violation of a right under the ECIIR36, are also very 
rare. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 93(4). 
The exceptions are: (a) that the Secretary of State is informed that the request has been withdrawn (s. 93(4)(a)); (b) 
there is a competing claim for extradition from another state (ss. 93(4Xb), 126(2) and 179(2)); (c) the person has been 
granted asylum or humanitarian protection in the United Kingdom (s. 93(4)(c) and 6(A)); or (d) extradition would be 
against the interests of UK national security (s. 208). 
zg Extradition Act 2003, ss.103 and 108. 
" Extradition Act 2003, ss. 103(2) and 108(2). 
" Extradition Act 2003, ss. 105 and 110. 
Extradition Act 2003, ss. 103(4), 105(4), 108(3) and 110(4) and Criminal Procedure Rules ('CrimPR'), r. 50.17(4)(b). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 114(4). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 115(1). 
"Norris v Government of the United States of America [2010] 2 AC 487. 
ECHR, Art. 34 and European Court of Human Rights, Rules of the Court, r. 39. 
ECHR, Art. 34. 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011197
--- PAGE 7 ---
An overview of the timeframes in relation to US extradition requests 
12. The timescales applicable to extradition proceedings are defined by statute and are set out in Annex D, 
along with the circumstances in which the time-limits can be extended. 
13. There are few publicly available figures with respect to the timescales in Part 2 extradition cases in 
general, and none with respect to US extradition cases. In July 2013, the UK Government estimated that, 
on average, Part 2 extradition cases took approximately 10 months to conclude37. In practice, contested 
US extradition cases can take longer than 10 months, although the majority conclude within two years. 
14. These timescales are significantly reduced in cases such as this one where the requested person consents 
to his or her extradition at an early stage in the process. In those cases, extradition would be likely to take 
place within three months. 
B. Consent to extradition 
15. At the initial hearing where a requested person is first produced before the court, the appropriate judge is 
required to give them "the required information about consent "38. This information is: (a) that the person 
may consent to extradition; (b) an explanation of the effect of consent and the procedure that will apply if 
consent is given; and (c) that consent must be given in writing and is irrevocable39. 
16. Where consent is given before the case has been sent to the Secretary of State, it must be given at a 
hearing before the appropriate judge'10. Once the case has been sent to the Secretary of State, consent must 
be given to the Secretary of Staten. 
17. Where consent is given before the case is sent to the Secretary of State, the consequences are as follows: 
(a) If the appropriate judge has not fixed a date for the extradition hearing, they are not required to do 
SOJ2; 
(b) If the extradition hearing has begun, the appropriate judge is no longer required to proceed with 
it43; 
HM Government, Decision pursuant to Article 10 of Protocol 36 to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, July 2013, Cm 8671, page 94. 
3° Extradition Act 2003, ss. 72(7Xb) and 74(7Xb). 
" Extradition Act 2003, ss. 72(8) and 74(8). 
4° Extradition Act 2003, s. 127(4), (6)-(7). 
d1 Extradition Act 2003, s.I27(5). 
d2 Extradition Act 2003, s. 128(2). 
d3 Extradition Act 2003, s. 128(3). 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011198
--- PAGE 8 ---
(c) The appropriate judge is required to send the case to the Secretary of State"; 
(d) The speciality bar to extradition no longer applies45. 
18. In all extradition cases, a requested person who consents to extradition loses the right to appeal against 
either the decision to send the case to the Secretary of State or the order for extradition**. 
19. The main effect of a decision by a requested person to consent to extradition is that the overall extradition 
procedure is substantially shortened. In the context of US extradition cases, this means that removal can 
take place within months, sometimes weeks, as compared to the longer timescales considered above. 
C. Bail in extradition cases 
20. Where extradition is sought for the purpose of prosecuting the requested person for an offence, the person 
has the same right to bail as a defendant in domestic criminal proceedings, namely there is a presumption 
that bail will be granted unless one of the exceptions in Schedule 1 to the Bail Act 1976 appliesJ7. The 
three exceptions in Schedule 1 that most commonly apply in extradition proceedings are where there are 
substantial grounds to believe that the requested person, if released on bail, would: (a) fail to surrender to 
custody; (b) commit an offence while on bail; or (c) interfere with witnesses or otherwise obstruct the 
course of justices. 
21. In considering whether to grant bail in an extradition case, the appropriate judge must have regard to as 
many of the statutory considerations as appear to be relevantJ9. Those considerations are: (a) the nature 
and seriousness of the offence and the likely sentence; (b) the character, antecedents, associations and 
community ties of the requested person; (c) the requested person's record as respects the fulfilment of 
their obligations under previous grants of bail in criminal proceedings; (d) the strength of the evidence 
against the requested person; and (e) any risk that the requested person may cause physical to mental 
injury to another person. 
22. The approach taken by the High Court in a number of recent US bail appeals gives an indication as to the 
way in which the statutory considerations are approached in practice. In all five cases bail was refused". 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 128(4). 
Extradition Act 2003, s.95(2). The principle of specialty is a rule of extradition law that is intended to ensure that an 
extradited person is not dealt with in the requesting state for any offence other than that for which they have been 
extradited. 
Extradition Act 2003, ss. 100(2), 103(2) and 108(2). 
Bail Act 1976, s. 4(2A). Them is no presumption of bail where extradition is sought in a conviction case: s. 4(2B). 
4.8 Bail Act 1976, Schedule I, para. 2(1). 
Bail Act 1976, Schedule I, para. 9. 
so Adeagbo v Government of the United States of America 5 August 2020 (unreported) (wire fraud, money laundering 
and identity theft); Singh v Government of the United States of America [2019] EWHC 1800 (Admin) (drug trafficking); 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011199
--- PAGE 9 ---
In three of the five cases the applicant was either a British citizen or had significant community and 
family ties to the UKS1 but these were outweighed by the risk of flight, and in the other case, the lack of 
substantial community ties was cited as a factor in refusing bail". 
23. As to the question in Peters and Peters' instructions, namely whether a person who absconded from US 
criminal proceeding in breach of bail would be likely to be granted bail in any subsequent UK extradition 
proceedings, such a person is extremely unlikely to be granted bail. While every bail application falls to 
be considered by reference to all the circumstances that are relevant at the time that the application is 
made, in practice evidence of both a clear desire to evade prosecution for the offences in the extradition 
request, and a previous history of failure to comply with bail conditions, would militate strongly against 
the grant of bail in almost all factual circumstances. 
D. The bars to extradition that may conceivably be open to Ms Maxwell should she face extradition to 
the US in relation to the charges on the superseding indictment dated 7 August 2020 
24. The offences in the superseding indictment are extradition offences within the meaning of section 137 
of the Extradition Act 2003". 
25. On the basis of the information available, there does not appear to be any arguable basis upon which 
the bars of double jeopardys4; hostage-taking considerations95; death penalty56; speciality"; or earlier 
extradition or transfer could be engaged58. 
26. On the information available, the remaining bars - abuse of process/political motivation; passage of 
time; forum; and mental and physical condition - would almost certainly fail in this case. 
Perry fn 44, (kidnapping); Ahdullah v Government of the United States of America [2018] EWHC 2609 (Admin) (fraud); 
Government of the United States of America v Panovas [2018] EWHC 921 (Admin) (fraud). 
Abdullah. Panovas- Perry and Adeaebo.
Singh.
Had the conduct alleged occurred in the United Kingdom it would have amounted offences that include: (a) conspiracy 
to commit indecent assault contrary to section 1 of the Criminal Law Act 1967; (b) aiding and abetting or inciting 
indecent assault contrary to common law; (c) indecent assault contrary to section 14 of the Sexual Offences Act 1957; 
and (d) perjury contrary to section 1 of the Perjury Act 1911. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 80. This bar is engaged "if (and only in it appears that [the person] would be entitled to be 
discharged under any rule of law relating to previous acquittal or conviction if he were charged with the extradition 
offence in the part of the United Kingdom where the judge exercises his jurisdiction". 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 83. One of the requirements of this bar is that the act or omission constituting the extradition 
offence also constitutes an offence under s. I of the Taking of Hostages Act 1982 which prohibits the taking of hostages 
in the context of international terrorism. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 94. 
" Extradition Act 2003, s. 95. See fn 46 above for a definition of `specialty'. 
ss Extradition Act 2003, ss. 96 and 96A. 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011200
--- PAGE 10 ---
Abuse of process/political motivation 
27. Extradition requests are rarely discharged on the basis that the case in the requesting state is politically 
motivated or abusive. It is well established that there is a presumption of good faith in relation to a 
requesting state, such as the US, which has a long history of respect for democracy, human rights and 
the rule of law, and which has longstanding extradition arrangements with the United Kingdom". 
28. It is highly unlikely that Ms. Maxwell would be able to establish that the US prosecutor had acted in 
bad faith, for example by seeking her extradition for a collateral motive in circumstances where they 
knew there was no real case against herb0. 
29. It is also highly unlikely that Ms Maxwell would be able to establish that her extradition was sought 
for the purpose of prosecuting or punishing her on account of her political opinions, or that she might 
be prejudiced at her trial or punished, detained or restricted in her personal liberty by reason of those 
opinions61. 
Passage of time 
30. Notwithstanding the date of the allegations in the superseding indictment, a judge is unlikely to 
conclude that it would be unjust or oppressive to extradite Ms Maxwell by reason of the passage of 
time since the alleged commission of the offences62. The courts have upheld orders for extradition in 
cases with similar timescales to those in Ms Maxwell's case, including two cases involving historic 
allegations of sexual offending where the relevant time period was 20 and 33 years. In both cases, the 
courts placed emphasis on the public interest in ensuring that extradition arrangements were honoured 
and in ensuring that serious allegations were tried63. 
31. As to oppression, the graver the offence the higher the threshold for oppressionTM. Given the 
seriousness of the offences in Ms Maxwell's case, it is unlikely that she would be able to establish that 
any personal or family hardship that might be caused by the extradition65 should outweigh the public 
Ahmad v United Kingdom (2010) 51 EHRR SE6, para. 105. 
R (Bermingham) v Director of the Serious Fraud Office [2007] QB 727, para. 100. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 81. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 82. The date range for the offences in the superseding indictment is 1994-1997. 
Short v Falkland Islands [2020] 1 WLR 1644, pants. 41.49 and Henderson v Government of Australia [2015] EWHC 
1421 (Admin), pans. 19-26. 
" Kakis v Government of the Republic of Cyprus [1978] I WLR 779 at 784. 
" Oppression requires personal or family hardship greater than that inevitably inherent in the act of extradition when 
facing what is likely to be long criminal trial process in another country Ganes v Government of Trinidad and Tobago 
[2009] 1 WLR 1038, para. 36- Norris v Government of United States of America [2007] 1 WLR 1730. 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011201
--- PAGE 11 ---
interest in these offences being tried". Similarly, there is a high threshold in relation to injustices', 
and it is very unlikely that Ms Maxwell would be able to meet it. There is a general presumption that 
justice will be done despite the passage of time and the burden is on the requested person to establish 
the contrary". In assessing injustice, the appropriate judge would have regard to the procedural 
safeguards that exist under US domestic law69. Further, the judge is very likely to place weight on the 
fact that Ms Maxwell had, in the hypothetical scenario under consideration, absconded from ongoing 
proceedings that would otherwise have resulted in her trial in the US. As the English High Court 
expressed it in Tollman "the very fact that the accused invokes justice to prevent [their] extradition 
requires consideration of the circumstances which have led to the fact that [they are] not facing 
justice in the country from which [they have] fled"". In those circumstances it is very unlikely that 
Ms Maxwell would be able to rely on the bar of passage of time to defeat extradition. 
Forum 
32. It is highly unlikely that Ms Maxwell would be able to rely on the bar of forum, which applies where 
extradition would not be in the interests of justice because: (a) a substantial measure of the requested 
person's `relevant activityi71 occurred in the UK; and (b) having regard to 'the specified matters'72
relating to the interests of justice (and only those matters), the extradition should not take place73. 
33. Although some of the conduct alleged in the superseding indictment is said to have occurred in 
London74, three of the 'specified matters' are likely to weigh heavily against a finding that extradition 
would be barred by forum. First, it appears that the majority of the harm caused by the offending7s
alleged in the superseding indictment occurred in the United States. An extradition judge would treat 
Kakis at 784. Although the passage of time bar was successfully relied on in the US extradition case of Eason v 
Government of the United States of America [2020] EWHC 604 (Admin) the case-law is clear that a fact-specific 
enquiry is required, and that authorities are of "very limited value" when considering the facts of individual cases: 
Steblins v Government of Latvia [2006] EWHC 1272 (Admin), para. 13. 
Gomes para. 36 and Lisowski-v-Regional Court of Bialystock (Poland) [2006] EWHC 3227 (Admin), para. 9. 
Games, para. 36. 
" Woodcock v Government of New Zealand [2004] 1 WLR 47, para. 29; Gomes para. 32- Linkevicius v Prosecutor 
General's Office of the Republic of Lithuania [2006] EWHC 3481 (Admin) at para. 17; and Crean v Government o( 
Ireland [2007] EWHC 814 (Admin) at para. 21; Henderson pans. 19-26. 
7° Government of the United States of America v Tollman [2008] EWHC 184 (Admin), para. 53. 
'Relevant activity' means activity which is material to the commission of the extradition offence and is alleged to have 
been performed by the requested person: Extradition Act 2003, s. 83A(6). 
n  As defined ins. 83A(3) of the Extradition Act 2003. 
&tradition Act 2003, s. 83A(1) and (2). 
Superseding indictment dated 7 August 2020, para. 6. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 83A(3)(a). 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011202
--- PAGE 12 ---
this as a weighty factor7s. Second, a court would be likely to consider that the interests of the 
victims" would be best served by a trial in the United States. The High Court has held that the 
interests of victims's "will be in having a trial at a place where, if they do give evidence or wish to be 
present, they can be so" 79. Third, Ms Maxwell's connections to the UK" do not appear to be of a 
type likely to be considered substantial in this context. 
Mental and physical condition 
34. It is highly unlikely that Ms Maxwell would be able to establish that her physical or mental condition 
is such that it would be unjust or oppressive to extradite her81. In order to rely on her physical or 
mental health in opposition to extradition, Ms Maxwell would need to serve evidence sufficient to 
meet the statutory test. Most cases in the `unjust' category relate to the persons' fitness to plead to 
otherwise to participate in trial proceedings. Oppression is a high threshold, not easily surmountableR2
and stress and hardship, which occur in most extradition cases, are not sufficient83. Even in cases 
where the requested person suffers from a serious medical conditions, it is often possible for the 
requesting state gives an assurance as to the medical care that will be providedTM, or an undertaking to 
return an individual if they are later found to be unfit to pleads', and thus ensure that extradition is 
possible notwithstanding the requested person's medical problems. 
Love v United States [2018] 1 WLR 2889, para. 28. 
n  Extradition Act 2003, s. 83A(3)(a). 
n  Extradition Act 2003, s. 83A(3)(a). 
Shaw v United States [2014] EWHC 4654 (Admin), paragraph 61. It is to be noted in this regard that, at Ms Maxwell's 
bail hearing on 14 July 2020, one of the victims made a statement in person and another provided a written statement that 
was read to the court by the prosecutor: United States of America v Ghislaine Maxwell Transcript of hearing, 14 July 
2020, pp. 3840. 
8° Extradition Act 2003, s. 83A(3)(g). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 91. 
Love v Government of the United States para. 122. 
Dewani v Govenrment of South Africa [2012] EWHC 842 (Admin), para. 73. 
Miao v Government of the United States of America [2ino] EWHC 2178 (Admin), para. 37. 
ss Dewani 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011203
--- PAGE 13 ---
E. The human rights objections that may conceivably be open to Ms Maxwell should she face 
extradition to the US in relation to the charges on the superseding indictment dated 7 August 2020 
35. Finally, it is highly unlikely that Ms Maxwell would be able to demonstrate that her extradition would 
be incompatible with her rights under the ECHR". The human rights grounds that might potentially 
be relied upon by Ms Maxwell are considered in the paragraphs that follows'. 
Article 3 (Orison conditions) 
36. Article 3 protects the right not to be subject to torture or inhuman or degrading treatment. The test is 
whether substantial grounds have been shown that, if extradited, the person faces a "real risk" of 
treatment contrary to Article 3u. The test is a stringent one and a strong case is required to make 
good a violation of Article 3". Mistreatment must attain a minimum level of severity before Article 3 
is engaged. Prison conditions can meet that test although, whether they do, depends on all the 
circumstances, including the personal characteristics of the detainee90. Although Article 3 complaints 
based on prison conditions are not uncommon in US cases, the courts have repeatedly rejected such 
submissions91 92. Further, even if there were to be a case where the systemic conditions at one or more 
US detention facilities were found to give rise to a serious risk that Article 3 would be breached by 
extradition, such difficulties are capable of being surmounted by the provision of assurances that the 
requested person will not be detained in those particular prisons, or by giving guarantees in relation to 
" Extradition Act 2003, s. 87. 
There does not appear to be any basis upon which it could be said that the following rights are engaged: (a) Art. 2 (the 
right to life); (b) An. 4 (freedom from slavery); (c) Art. 5 (unlawful detention); Art. 7 (no punishment without law); An. 
(freedom of thought, conscience and religion); Art. 10 (freedom of speech); Art. 1 I (freedom of assembly); Art. 12 (the 
right to many); Art. 14 (discrimination); Arts. 1-3 of the First Protocol (protection of property; right to education; right to 
free elections); and Art. 1 of the Thirteenth Protocol (abolition of the death penalty). 
ts Soering v United Kingdom (1989) 11 EHRR 439, pans. 88 and 91. 
" Elashmawy v Court of Brescia. Italy and Om [2015] EWHC 28 (Admin), para. 49. 
9° Ireland v United Kingdom (1979-80) 2 EHRR 25, para. 162. 
Including: Ahmad v United Kingdom (2013) 56 EHRR I, pans. 207-210; Pham v Government of the United States of 
America [2014] EWHC 4167 (Admin), paras. 44-51; Bedwell v Government of the United States [2019] EWHC 3131 
(Admin), para. 36; Dempsey pans. 35-50; Sanchez v Government of the United States of America [2020] EWHC 508 
(Admin); and Miao para. 41. 
The conditions at the New York detention facilities, MDC and MCC were a factor in the court's conclusion in Love 
(see fn 76 above) that extradition would be oppressive in light of Mr Love's "rather particular circumstances" which 
included a serious health condition (paras 102 and 106-108). The decision in Love was based on section 91 of the 2003 
Act, and the court made no finding under Article 3 (para 123). In Hafeez, which was decided in January 2020, the High 
Court received the same evidence as has been before the court in Love and concluded that "the evidence in this case falls 
well short of the necessary, threshold" to prove a breach of Article 3 based on the conditions at MDC and MCC (see 
Hafeez v Government of the United States of America [2020] EWHC 155 (Admin), pan. 66). 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011204
--- PAGE 14 ---
specific concerns, such as access to medical care93. In those circumstances, it is highly unlikely that 
Ms Maxwell would be able to rely on Article 3 to defeat a request for her extradition. 
Article 6 (fair trial) 
37. Article 6 ECHR protects the right to a fair trial, and the European Court of Human Rights has noted 
that Article 6 is "strikingly similar" to the Eighth Amendment to the US Constitution". An issue may 
exceptionally be raised under Article 6 in an extradition case in circumstances where the requested 
person risks suffering a flagrant denial of justice in the requesting country95. The test of `flagrant 
denial' is particularly high, requiring a court to find not only that the trial would be unfair, but that 
there would be "a total nullification of the right to a fair trial "96 In practice, this threshold is rarely 
overcome in extradition cases and it has never been met in a US extradition case. In those 
circumstances, it is highly unlikely that Ms Maxwell would be able to successfully invoke Article 6 to 
resist her extradition. 
Article 8 (private and family life) 
38. Article 8 ECHR protects the right to private and family life. In assessing Article 8, the court is 
required to conduct a balancing exercise where fact= in favour of extradition, including the 
"constant and weighty" public interests in honouring extradition treaties and ensuring that people 
accused of crimes should be brought to trial, are weighed against any personal or other factors that 
would render extradition an interreference with private or family life. The test is whether any 
interference would be disproportionate to the legitimate aims pursued by extradition97. In practice, the 
more serious the offence, the more difficult it is to establish that extradition would be 
disproportionate. Given the nature of the charges that she faces, it is highly unlikely that such an 
argument would succeed in Ms Maxwell's case. 
Conclusion 
39. In conclusion, if the United States were to request Ms Maxwell's extradition in circumstances where 
she had absconded to the United Kingdom in breach of bail conditions imposed in the United States, it 
is extremely unlikely that she would be granted bail and highly unlikely that she would be able 
" See, for example Miao at para. 37 where the court stated that: "Assurances are commonly given in extradition cases in 
order to mitigate risks which might otherwise bar extradition. It is common for assurances to be given in respect of 
conditions of detention and the treatment of physical and mental illness (and associated suicide prevention) and they 
form an important part of extradition law". 
Ahmad v United Kingdom 51 EHRR SE6, para. 133. 
Othman v United Kingdom (2012) 55 EHRR I, pan. 258. 
Othman para. 260. 
R (on the application of HH) v Westminster City Magistrates' Court [2013] I AC 338, pan. 30. 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011205
--- PAGE 15 ---
successfully to resist the request for her extradition. Further, the waiver of her right to extradition 
(Annex C) would be admissible in any extradition proceedings and, in cases, such as this one, where 
the requested person consents to their extradition, the extradition process is likely to take between one 
and three months to complete. 
David Perry QC 
6KBW College Hill 
October 2020 
1922623.1 
EFTA00011206
--- PAGE 16 ---
Annex A 
EFTA00011207
--- PAGE 17 ---
Annex A - Ouestions set out in the Peters and Peters instructions dated 12 August 2020 
Counsel is instructed to prepare an expert opinion in respect of the following: 
(a) Outline the extradition arrangements between the United Kingdom and the United 
States, including an overview of the general manner in which the arrangements work 
and the general timeframe for UK extradition proceedings in relation to requests from 
the US. Address any means by which UK extradition proceedings may be expedited. 
(b) Describe the manner in which a requested person may consent to extradition (at all 
stages of the extradition process), and the impact of any such consent on the process 
by which the requested person may be subsequently removed. 
(c) Outline the arrangements in respect of bail pending extradition, and whether a 
requested person is likely to be remanded on bail pending the hearing of an extradition 
request by the US, and any subsequent removal of that person from the UK. In a case 
where a person, subject to prosecution in US criminal proceedings, flees to the UK in 
breach of bail conditions imposed by a US court, outline the likelihood of that person 
being remanded on bail in the UK pending the hearing of the extradition request, and 
their subsequent removal from the UK. 
(d) Outline the bars to extradition, and identify those which might, based on current 
instructions, be conceivably open to Ms Maxwell were she to be arrested in the UK 
and subject to UK extradition proceedings pursuant to a request from the US, such as 
passage of time (section 82), forum (section 83A) and physical or mental condition 
(section 91). Address, in general terms, the prospects of Ms Maxwell successfully 
availing herself of any such bars, given the current approach in UK extradition case-
law and the general thresholds required. 
(e) Outline the nature of the obligation for any extradition to be compatible with the 
requested person's human rights (section 87) and identify those arguments that might 
conceivably be open to Ms Maxwell in any future extradition proceedings, such as 
Article 3 and Article 6. Address, in general terms, the prospects of Ms Maxwell 
successfully availing herself of any such bars, given the current approach in UK 
extradition case-law and the general thresholds required. 
EFTA00011208
--- PAGE 18 ---
Annex B 
EFTA00011209
--- PAGE 19 ---
Annex B — CV of David Perry OC 
1. 
David Perry QC 
1.1. David Perry QC is a barrister and former head of chambers at 6KBW College Hill. From 
1991 to 1997, he was one of the Standing Counsel to the Department of Trade and 
Industry. From 1997 to 2001, he was Junior Treasury Counsel to the Crown at the Central 
Criminal Court and Senior Treasury Counsel from 2001 until 2006, when he `took silk' 
(i.e. was appointed Queen's Counsel). He is a deputy High Court Judge and a judge of 
the Court of Appeal of Jersey and Guernsey. 
1.2. Mr Peny prosecutes and defends and has extensive experience of extradition and mutual 
legal assistance cases, both in the United Kingdom and overseas. He is a member of the 
Editorial Board of the Criminal Law Review and a joint editor of Blackstone's Criminal 
Practice, a leading practitioners' work. 
2. 
Extradition — Experience and Expertise 
2.1. Mr Perry is widely considered one of the UK's pre-eminent extradition practitioners and 
is listed as such in the leading industry journals. He has acted on behalf of many overseas 
governments and appeared in the High Court, House of Lords and Supreme Court in the 
leading cases. He has acted as an expert consultant to the Commonwealth Secretariat on 
international co-operation and has advised overseas governments on the drafting and 
implementation of their domestic legislation. 
3. 
Independent review of the United Kingdom's extradition arrangements 
3.1. In 2011/12, together with Lord Justice Scott Baker and Anand Doobay, Mr Perry was 
appointed by the UK Government to conduct the Home Office's Independent Review of 
the UK's extradition arrangements. The review formed the basis of changes to the 
Extradition Act 2003. 
3.2. The year-long review looked in detail at the following five areas: 
• 
the Home Secretary's discretionary powers to stop extradition. 
• 
the operation of the European Arrest Warrant, which deals with extradition 
requests between European countries. 
• 
where a crime is mainly committed in the UK, whether the person should be tried 
in the UK. 
• 
whether the US-UK Extradition Treaty is unbalanced. 
• 
whether requesting countries should be required to provide sufficient evidence to 
prove an allegation. 
3.3. The report, totalling 488 pages and presented to the Home Secretary on 30 September 
2011, made a series of recommendations in respect of the UK's extradition arrangements. 
Part 7 of the report looked specifically at extradition arrangements between the United 
States and United Kingdom under the 2003 UK-US Treaty on Extradition. It assessed the 
effectiveness of the tests used in each jurisdiction and laid out the authors' observations 
on the procedures under the treaty. Their conclusion was that the 2003 treaty was 
operating fairly and there was no basis to seek its renegotiation. 
EFTA00011210
--- PAGE 20 ---
4. 
Practical Experience 
4.1. Mr Perry has acted for governments and individuals in the most important and high-
profile extradition matters, including extradition requests between the United Kingdom 
and the United States: 
• 
USA v Mackeliar: Acted on behalf of the Governor of the Cayman Islands in 
extradition proceedings brought on behalf of the Government of the United States. 
• 
USA v Brian Dempsey [2020] EWHC 603 (Admin): Appeared for the Government 
of the United States in relation to an extradition request for an individual who had 
travelled to Syria as part of the on-going conflict. 
• 
Russia v Alexander Zmikhnovskiy Westminster Magistrates Court, 15 April 2019 
(unreported): Extradition request of former CEO of Oboronenergosbyt JSC, who 
was alleged to have been involved in fraud by the Russian Federation, his 
extradition was refused on several grounds. 
• 
Russia v Yurov, Westminster Magistrates Court, 28 September 2018 (unreported): 
Appeared for Ilya Yurov, former Chairman of a large Russian bank and previously 
accused of fraud, to successfully resist an extradition request from Russia. 
• 
Russia v A: Instructed to advise A in respect of a prospective extradition request 
from Russia. The issues in the case relate to prison conditions, health, and fair trial. 
• 
R (H10 v Westminster Magistrates' Court [2012] UKSC 25; [2012] 3 WLR 90: 
one of the leading cases on the application of Article 8 ECHR in extradition 
proceedings 
• 
Norris v Government of the United States of America [2010] UKSC 9; [2010] 2 
AC 487: Represented the Government of the United States in the Supreme Court 
in the leading case on the application of Articles 3 and 8 of the Convention in 
extradition proceedings. 
• 
Norris v Government of the United States of America [2008] UKHL 16, [2008] 1 
AC 920: Represented the Government of the United States in the House of Lords 
in the leading case on cartels and competition law, and the requirement of double 
criminality in extradition proceedings. 
• 
R (Bermingham) v Director of the Serious Fraud Office [2006] EWHC 200 
(Admin); [2007] QB 727: the extradition of the Natwest Three', one of the first 
cases US cases to proceed under the Extradition Act 2003. 
EFTA00011211
--- PAGE 21 ---
Annex C 
EFTA00011212
--- PAGE 22 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
- against - 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
Docket No. 20-CR-330 (MN) 
AFFIDAVIT AND WAIVER OF 
EXTRADITION 
Ghislaine Maxwell, being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
I. 
I am the named defendant in the above-captioned case. I am a citizen of the 
United States, the United Kingdom, and France. I have resided in the United States since 
approximately 1991. I am currently incarcerated at the Metropolitan Detention Center in 
Brooklyn, New York. 
2. 
I have reviewed with my counsel, Mark S. Cohen and Christian R. Everdell of 
Cohen & Gresser, LLP, the charges contained in the superseding indictment in the above-
captioned case (the "Indictment"). In addition, I have been informed by United States and 
United Kingdom counsel, with whom I am satisfied, of my rights under the United Kingdom's 
Extradition Act 2003 (the "Act"), which gives effect to the Extradition Treaty between the 
Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Government 
of the United States of America (the "Treaty"). I understand that, in proceedings in the United 
Kingdom under the Act in respect of an extradition request by the United States under the Treaty 
in connection with the Indictment, I would be entitled to argue that I should not be extradited to 
the United States. I understand that in the absence of my consent to extradition, I cannot be 
EFTA00011213
--- PAGE 23 ---
surrendered to the United States authorities unless and until a court in the United Kingdom issues 
a ruling finding that there are no bars to my extradition. 
3. 
If I am released on bail in connection with the Indictment, I hereby voluntarily 
and irrevocably waive any rights to contest any extradition request by the United States under the 
Treaty with respect to the offenses charged in the Indictment. Specifically, I consent to 
extradition pursuant to Part 2 sections 127 and 128 of the Act in connection with the offenses 
charged in the Indictment. In addition, to the extent that it might be relevant, I waive any rights 
to assert that any bars to extradition apply, and I confirm that no such bars apply. 
4. 
In the event that I violate my bail conditions after being released, I understand 
that the purpose of this affidavit is for the government to offer it to the authorities in the United 
Kingdom when my extradition is sought by the United States government in relation to the 
charges in the Indictment. I understand that the United Kingdom authorities may use this 
affidavit to assist in determining my extraditability. 
5. 
I make this waiver freely and voluntarily, after having consulted with counsel. 
Dated this 
day of December 2020. 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
I hereby certify that on this 
day of December 2020, Ghislaine Maxwell personally appeared 
before me and made his oath in due form of law that the statements herein are true. 
The Honorable Alison J. Nathan 
United States District Judge 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011214
--- PAGE 24 ---
Annex D 
EFTA00011215
--- PAGE 25 ---
Annex. I) — 
in relation to US extradition requests under the Extradition Act 
2003 
Stage 
Time-limit 
Preliminary stages 
Certification of the 
extradition request 
No statutory time-limit' 
Comment III: there is no consistent practice as to the length 
of time that it takes to certify an extradition request. Some 
requests are certified within days; in other cases, certification 
takes several months. Requests are certified more quickly in 
cases where the US authorities request expedition 
The sending of the request 
and the certificate to the 
extradition judge 
No statutory time-limit-
Comment PI: in practice, the documents are usually sent to 
the appropriate judge on the same day that the request is 
certified 
Arrest under a provisional 
warrant 
The requested person must be brought before the extradition 
judge "as soon as practicable" after arrest, unless bail is 
granted by the arresting officer' 
The full extradition request must be served within 65 days-1
Comment PI: bail is rarely granted prior to the requested 
person's production in court and never in cases where the 
Crown Prosecution Service objects to bail 
Arrest pursuant to a full 
extradition request 
The requested person must be brought before the extradition 
judge "as soon as practicable" after arrest, unless bail is 
granted by the arresting officer' 
Comment 141: see Comment [3] 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 70(1). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 70(9). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 74(3). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 74(11)(6) and Extradition Act 2003 (Designation of Part 2 Territories) Order 
200313334, Art. 2. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 72(3). 
EFTA00011216
--- PAGE 26 ---
Cases where the requested person consents to extradition 
Sending the case to the 
Secretary of State 
No statutory time-limie 
Comment IS]: in practice, where the requested person 
consents to extradition, the case is sent to the Secretary of 
State straight away 
Order for extradition 
Two months of the date on which the case is sent to the 
Secretary of State 
Comment 161: where the requested person consents to 
extradition, the Secretary of State does not need to wait four 
weeks to consider any representations from the requested 
person before ordering extradition: section 93(7) 
Removal 
days of the order for extraditions
Cases where there is an extradition hearing 
The date of the extradition 
hearing (provisional arrest) 
Two months from the date on which the Secretary of State 
sends the documents to the extradition judge. That date can be 
extended by the extradition judge on application by one of the 
parties where the judge considers it to be "in the interests of 
justice" to fix a later date. The time-limit can be extended 
more than once 
Comment 171: in practice, the extradition judge often 
"opens" the extradition hearing at the initial hearing with the 
effect that this time-limit ceases to run 
The date of the extradition 
hearing (arrest pursuant to a 
full request) 
Two months from the initial hearing. That date can be 
extended by the extradition judge on application by one of the 
parties where the judge considers it to be "in the interests of 
justice" to fix a later date. The time-limit can be extended 
more than once' 
Comment 181: in practice, the extradition judge often 
"opens" the extradition hearing at the initial hearing with the 
effect that this time-limit ceases to run 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 128. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 99(3). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 117(2)(a). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 76(3)-(4). 
1° Extradition Act 2003, s. 75(2)—(3). 
EFTA00011217
--- PAGE 27 ---
Sending the case to the 
Secretary of State 
No statutory time-limit" 
Comment Pi: in practice, the judge sends the case to the 
Secretary of State straight away 
Order for extradition 
Two months of the date on which the case is sent to the 
Secretary of State' 
Extradition may not be ordered during the first four weeks of 
this period (`the permitted period') to allow the requested 
person to make representations13
Cases where there is no appeal 
Removal 
days starting with: (a) the day on which the requested 
person is informed that an order for extradition has been made 
(in cases where no in-time appeal is lodged); or (b) the day on 
which leave to appeal is refused by the High Court14
Cases where there is an appeal 
Lodging an application for 
permission to appeal a 
decision to send the case to 
the Secretary of State 
Notice of application for leave to appeal must be lodged 
within 14 days of the day on which the requested person was 
informed of the Secretary of State's decision to order 
extradition1s
This time-limit may be extended if the person "did everything 
reasonably possible to ensure that the notice was given as 
soon as it could be given"' 
Lodging an application for 
permission to appeal against 
an order for extradition 
Notice of application for leave to appeal must be lodged 
within 14 days of the day on which the requested person was 
informed of the Secretary of State's decision to order 
extradition17
II Extradition Act 2003, s. 87. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 99(3). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 93(5)—(6). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 117(1)—(2). 
Is Extradition Act 2003, s. 103(9). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 103(10). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 108(4)(b). 
EFTA00011218
--- PAGE 28 ---
An application may be lodged out of time only where 
it appears to the High Court that (a) the appeal is necessary to 
avoid real injustice, and the circumstances are exceptional and 
make it appropriate for the appeal to be heard; or (b) the 
person did everything reasonably possible to ensure that the 
notice was given as soon as it could be given18
Lodging an application for 
permission to appeal against 
discharge at the extradition 
hearing 
Notice of application for leave to appeal must be lodged 
within 14 days of the day on which the order for discharge 
was made19
This time-limit may not be extended 
Lodging an application for 
permission to appeal against 
discharge by the Secretary 
of State 
Notice of application for leave to appeal must be lodged 
within 14 days of the day on which the requesting government 
is informed of the order for discharge20
This time-limit may not be extended 
Lodging an application for 
leave to appeal to the High 
Court 
days, starting on the day on which the court makes it 
decision on the appeal to it21
Lodging an application to 
the Supreme Court for leave 
to appeal 
days, starting on the day on which the High Court refuses 
leave to appeal22 
Lodging an appeal if leave it 
granted 
days starting on the day on which leave is granted23
Extradition following appeal 
Removal 
days starting with: (a) the day on which the decision of the 
relevant court becomes final, or (b) the day on which 
proceedings on the appeal are discontinued'. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. I08(7A) and (8). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 105(5). 
"
Extradition Act 2003, s. 110(5). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 114(5). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 114(6). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 114(7). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 118(2). 
EFTA00011219
--- PAGE 29 ---
In cases where there is no appeal to the Supreme Court, the 
relevant court is the High Court and the decision becomes 
final when the period for applying for permission to appeal 
ends and there is no such application, or leave to appeal is 
refused25. 
In cases where there is an appeal to the Supreme Court, the 
relevant court is the Supreme Court and the decision becomes 
final when it is made26. 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 118(3) and (4). 
Extradition Act 2003, s. 118(3) and (6). 
EFTA00011220


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011221.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011221.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit V 
EFTA00011221
--- PAGE 2 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cour— attorney at law 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Opinion on French Extradition Law 
OVERVIEW 
• 
This report was written pursuant to a request from Olivier Laude, a partner at the French 
firm Laude Esquier Champey acting on behalf of Cohen & Gresser LLP as counsel for 
Ms Ghislaine Maxwell, in the context of ongoing bail proceedings involving the latter 
in the United States of America (hereafter "USA"), where Ms Ghislaine Maxwell is 
being detained pre-trial on charges relating to her alleged role in sexual activities 
between Jeffrey Epstein and certain minor girls, from 1994 to 1997. 
• 
Olivier Laude has instructed me to draft an opinion regarding the French extradition 
procedure and the possibility for Ms Ghislaine Maxwell to be extradited from France to 
the USA if she were to flee to France after being released on bail in the USA. 
• 
As requested, I have attached a resume. (See Exhibit A). 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
• 
The principle against the extradition of French nationals does not constitute a binding 
rule of international law and is not considered a constitutional principle under French 
law. 
• 
The extradition of French nationals can be prohibited under the terms of an international 
treaty. However, the existing Extradition Treaty between France and the USA of 23 
April 1996 does not contain such prohibition. As a result, the extradition of a French 
national to the USA is legally permissible under French law. 
• 
In order to assure the US authorities that she will not attempt to contest her extradition 
as a French citizen or otherwise, we are informed that Ms Maxwell is about to execute 
an irrevocable waiver of her right to seek the protection of the French Courts to fight 
• 75017 paris • tel. 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com • palais C1652 
EFTA00011222
--- PAGE 3 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cour — attorney at law 
any extradition request from the US Government to the competent French Authorities 
("The Waiver"). (See Exhibit B). 
• 
All extradition requests from the USA to France must be examined by the Investigating 
Chamber of the competent Court of appeal, which has jurisdiction over the legality of 
extradition requests in France. 
• 
Under the circumstances of this case, where Ms Maxwell would have fled from the USA 
to France prior to her trial in violation of her bail conditions, it is highly likely that Ms 
Maxwell would be placed in custody in France from the earliest stages of the extradition 
proceedings. 
• 
As the principle against the extradition of nationals is not part of the Extradition Treaty 
between the USA and France, the Investigating Chamber of the Court of appeal would 
not oppose the extradition of Ms Ghislaine Maxwell on the ground that she is a French 
citizen. 
• 
The final decision to extradite and its execution would ultimately be a matter for the 
executive. 
• In the recent past, I am not aware that the French authorities would have had to address 
the situation in which the United States sought extradition of a French citizen who was 
also a United States citizen. Thus, there is no precedent to draw from in that 
regard. However, it is our view that under the specific and unique facts of this case, it 
is highly unlikely that the French government would refuse to issue and execute an 
extradition decree against Ms Maxwell because of several critical factors, namely: her 
United States citizenship; the fact that she has signed an irrevocable Waiver in the USA; 
the fact that in the present situation, the only way the issue would be raised in France is 
if Ms. Maxwell would have already fled to France in violation of very strict bail 
conditions, and the fact that a failure by French authorities to grant extradition would 
result in an obligation to try Ms. Maxwell before French courts for the conduct described 
in the Indictment. Finally, France would be inclined to preserving the interests of the 
USA for obvious diplomatic reasons. 
• 
With regard to timing, if the requested person has consented to extradition, the 
Investigating Chamber must deliver its ruling no later than 14 working days after the 
- 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011223
--- PAGE 4 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cour — attorney at law 
person has first appeared before the Public Prosecutors. If the legal conditions of 
extradition are satisfied, the Investigating Chamber must issue a positive opinion to 
extradition, which is not subject to appeal. Following the Investigating Chamber's 
ruling, there is no specified time frame within which the government must issue an 
extradition decree. However, if the requesting State emphasizes the urgent nature of the 
request, the extradition decree is generally issued in only a few weeks. Therefore, the 
overall procedure is likely to be disposed of expediently under these circumstances. 
I The 14 days period is divided as follows: the requested person must appear before the Public Prosecutor within 
days of arrest, he or she must be heard by the Investigating Chamber no later than 5 working days after appearing 
before the Public Prosecutor, and the Investigating Chamber must then deliver its final opinion on the legality of 
the extradition request within 7 days. This procedure will be explained in more details in Part I of this opinion. 
- 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011224
--- PAGE 5 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cour— attorney at law 
Table of Contents 
Background 
Part I — The French Extradition Procedure 
A. Request for temporary arrest 
B. Application for extradition (Ministerial phase) 
C. Arrest and presentation before the Prosecutor General (beginning of the 
judicial phase) 
D. Decision of the Investigating Chamber of the competent Court of appeal 
E. Decision of the French government (Extradition Decree) 
F. Possible application before the European Court of Human Rights 
Part II — The likely outcome of an extradition request from the United States of America 
to France in the case of Ms Ghislaine Maxwell 
A. General bars to extradition 
B. The protection of nationals from extradition under French law and the 
Extradition Treaty between the USA and France: Lack of an absolute 
protection 
Conclusion 
• 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com • palais C1652 
EFTA00011225
--- PAGE 6 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la tour —attorney at law 
Background 
I. At the bail hearing of Ms Ghislaine Maxwell on 14 July 2020, the US Government made 
the following point in support of its motion to detain the defendant: 
"The government has spoken with the Department of Justice attaches in the 
United Kingdom and France. With respect to France, we have been informed 
that France will not extradite a French citizen to the United States as a 
matter of law, even if the defendant is a dual citizen of the United States. "2. 
2. The international ties of Ms Ghislaine Maxwell and her French nationality appear as one 
of the grounds for which bail was denied by the Court, which found that: 
"Ms Maxwell's history and characteristics support the position of her posing a risk of 
flight. Ms Maxwell has substantial international ties and could facilitate living abroad 
if she were to flee the United States. She holds multiple foreign citizenships, has familial 
and personal connections abroad, and owns at least one foreign property of significant 
value. In particular, she is a citizen of France, a nation that does not appear to 
extradite its citizens". 
3. The present report intends to evaluate whether the contention that France is a nation that 
does not extradite its citizens is correct as a matter of law. 
4. It will first set out the various steps of the French extradition procedure (Part I), and 
then outline the grounds on which extradition requests are analyzed under French law, 
and especially the status of the rule against extradition of nationals, in order to assess the 
application of these principles to an extradition request made by the USA, in particular 
where, as in this case, the requested person has executed an irrevocable waiver of his/her 
right to contest extradition and is present in France only because she fled the United 
States in violation of her bail conditions. (Part II). 
At p. 27 of the transcript. 
75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com • palais C1652 
EFTA00011226
--- PAGE 7 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la tour-attorney at law 
Part I — The French Extradition Procedure 
5. Extradition requests between the United States and France are governed by the 
Extradition Treaty between the USA and France signed in Paris on 23 April 19963, the 
Agreement on Extradition between the United States of America and the European 
Union signed in Washington on 25 June 20034, and the Instrument Amending the Treaty 
of 23 April 1996 between the United States of America and France signed in the Hague 
on 30 September 20045. 
6. For matters not covered in these agreements, extradition requests made by the USA are 
governed by provisions of the French Code of Criminal Procedure (Articles 696 et seq.). 
A. First stage: Request for temporary arrest 
7. Under Article 13.1 of the Extradition Treaty between the USA and France, in case of 
urgency, the requesting State may seek the provisional arrest of the person sought 
pending the presentation of the request for extradition6. 
8. This procedure can be summarized as follows: 
Based on a request for provisional arrest, the Prosecutor General may order the 
arrest of the requested person. 
Upon arrest, the requested person must appear within 48 hours before the Prosecutor 
General, who informs him/her of the existence and contents of the request for 
temporary arrest and of his/her rights. 
The Prosecutor may decide to release the requested person, based on the relevant 
flight risks. 
If the Prosecutor considers that the requested person should be detained, the 
requested person appears before the Is' President of the Court of appeal, who can 
decide to order either his/her release (without any control, or under judicial 
The Extradition Treaty between the USA and France entered into force in France on February I, 2002 (by Decree 
n° 2002-117 of 29 January 2002). 
The object of this agreement is **to provide for enhancements to cooperation in the context of applicable 
extradition relations between the Member States and the United States of America governing extradition of 
offenders" (Article 1). 
The Instrument Amending the Treaty of April 23,1996 between the USA and France entered into force in France 
on February 1,2010 (by Decree n° 2010-490 of 12 May 2010). 
A request for provisional arrest may be transmitted directly between the United States Department of Justice 
(hereafter, "DOJ") and the Ministry of Justice of the French Republic, through INTERPOL or the diplomatic 
channel. 
- 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011227
--- PAGE 8 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la tour —attorney at law 
supervision, or under house arrest with electronic surveillance) or incarceration at 
the remand prison of the Court of appeal in which jurisdiction he/she has been 
apprehended. 
The decision of the 
President of the Court of Appeal can be challenged before 
the Investigating Chamber of the Court of Appeal. 
In case of incarceration, the requested person can file an application for release 
before the Investigating Chamber of the Court of appeal at any time during the 
extradition procedure. 
9. Under Article 13.4 of the Extradition Treaty between the USA and France, if, within 60 
days of arrest, the government of the requested State has not received from the requesting 
State the formal extradition request as well as supporting documents required by the 
Treat?, the requested person is discharged from custody. If the government has received 
the relevant documents, the normal extradition procedure may begin. 
10. If the person has been discharged from custody pursuant to Article 13.4 of the Treaty, 
such release does not preclude a subsequent re-arrest if an extradition request and 
supporting documents are delivered at a later date (Article 13.5). 
B. Second stage: Application for extradition (Ministerial phase) 
II. Article 10.1 of the Extradition Treaty between the USA and France provides that "all 
requestsfor extradition shall be submitted through the diplomatic channel". 
12. The Extradition Treaty between the USA and France does not specify which internal 
procedures must be followed in each contracting State following the transmission of the 
extradition request through the diplomatic channel pursuant to Article 10. We must 
therefore refer to provisions of the French Code of Criminal Procedure to outline the 
procedure followed by French institutions upon receipt of an extradition request made 
by the USA. 
13. Under Article 696-9 of the French Code of Criminal Procedure, the procedure followed 
in France is as follows: 
Article 10 of the Extradition Treaty between the USA and France 
- 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011228
--- PAGE 9 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la tour —attorney at law 
The Minister of Foreign Affairs first verifies that the file is properly constituted in 
accordance with the requirements of the Extradition Treaty. The Minister of Foreign 
Affairs only verifies that the request contains all the required documents. 
The file is then transmitted to the Minister of Justice, which verifies the regularity 
of the request. At this stage, the French nationality of the requested person does not 
influence the control of the Minister of Justice. 
- 
The Minister of Justice must then forward the file to the Prosecutor General. This 
obligation to transmit the file to the Prosecutor General is binding, as Article 696-9 
uses imperative language requiring the Minister of Justice to do so. 
C. Third stage: Arrest and presentation before the Prosecutor General (beginning of 
the judicial phase) 
14. Any person arrested pursuant to an extradition application must be transferred to the 
territorially competent Prosecutor General within 48 hours after the arrests. 
15. The Prosecutor General informs the requested person, in a language he or she 
understands, of: 
the existence and the content of the extradition application; 
the right to be assisted by an advocate and to have an interview with this advocate 
immediately; 
the right to consent to or to oppose his or her extradition, and the legal consequences 
of consenting to extradition; 
the right to waive the principle of specialty (according to which the person who is 
extradited can be prosecuted only for the crimes specified in the extradition request), 
and the legal consequences of such renunciation. 
16. The Prosecutor General hears the statements of the person and his or her counsel, and in 
particular, the consent or opposition to extradition, which shall be officially recorded. 
17. The Prosecutor General decides whether to release the requested person or not. If he 
considers that the requested person should remain in detention, the requested person then 
appears before the P President of the Court of appeal, who may order the person's 
release (without any control, or with judicial supervision, or under house arrest with 
electronic surveillance) or his/her incarceration. The 1st President's decision may be 
a Article 696-10 of the French Code of Criminal Procedure. 
- 75017 paris • tel. 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011229
--- PAGE 10 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la tour —attorney at law 
appealed before the Investigating Chamber of the Court of appeal, by the Prosecutor 
General or the requested person. 
D. Fourth stage: Decision of the Investigating Chamber of the competent Court of 
appeal 
18. Once the requested person has declared to the Prosecutor General whether he consents 
or not to extradition, the Investigating Chamber is immediately seized of the case. This 
phase varies depending on whether the requested person consents to extradition. 
19. If the requested person has declared to the Prosecutor General that he or she consents to 
extradition, Article 696-13 of the French Code of Criminal Procedure provides that he 
or she must appear before the Investigating Chamber within 5 working days from the 
date of presentation before the Prosecutor General. The same provision states that the 
requested person may also decide to waive the rule of specialty before the Prosecutor 
General. 
20. If, at this appearance, the requested person confirms his or her consent to be extradited 
and the legal conditions for extradition are fulfilled, the Investigating Chamber informs 
the person of the legal consequences of such consent and formally acknowledges this 
consent within 7 days from the date of appearance, unless additional investigations have 
been ordered9. 
21. The rules of this simplified extradition procedure must be read in light of Article II of 
the Agreement on Extradition between the European Union and the USA of 25 June 
2003 ("Simplified extradition procedures"), which states that "if the person sought 
consents to be surrendered to the requesting State, the requested State may, in 
accordance with the principles and procedures provided for under its legal system, 
surrender the person as expeditiously as possible without further proceedings. The 
consent of the person sought may include agreement to waiver of protection of the rule 
of specialty"10. This provision, together with Article 696-13 of the French Code of 
Criminal Procedure, demonstrates that extradition law is considerate of the requested 
Article 696-14 of the French Code of Criminal Procedure. 
1° Such Ankle 11 of the Agreement on Extradition between the European Union and the USA of 25 June 2003 
has been directly incorporated in the Extradition Treaty between the USA and France signed in Paris on 23 April 
1996 by the Instrument Amending the Treaty of 23 April 1996 between the United States of America and France 
signed in the Hague on 30 September 2004. 
- 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011230
--- PAGE 11 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cour — attorney at law 
person's intentions and recognizes that the person may legally waive some of the rights 
that attach to extradition proceedings. 
22. Where the requested person has consented to extradition, the Investigating Chamber's 
ruling is not subject to appeal or any other legal challenge". 
23. If the requested person has declared to the Prosecutor General that he or she does not 
consent to extradition, he or she must appear before the Investigating Chamber within a 
period of 10 working days from the date of presentation before the Prosecutori2. 
24. If the requested person reiterates to the Investigating Chamber that he or she does not 
consent to extradition, the Court delivers a reasoned opinion on the extradition request. 
Unless additional investigations have been ordered, the Court delivers its opinion within 
one month from the requested person's appearance before it13. 
25. The Investigating Chamber may authorize the requesting State to participate in the 
hearing. This possibility is expressly provided for in the Agreed Minute on 
Representation annexed to the Extradition Treaty between the USA and France. 
26. The Investigating Chamber issues a positive opinion if it considers that the legal 
requirements of extradition are satisfied. 
E. Fifth stage: Decision of the French government 
27. Extradition is authorized by a decree of the French Prime Minister upon the advice of 
the Minister of Justice. 
28. The decree may impose conditions to authorize extradition, such as guarantees not to 
seek or impose the death penalty against the requested person. 
29. The decree of extradition can only intervene after the end of the judicial phase. 
" Id. 
Article 696-15 of the French Code of Criminal Procedure. 
Id. 
- 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011231
--- PAGE 12 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la tour —attorney at law 
30. The requested person has to be handed over by the agents of the requested State within 
one month after the extradition decree has been notified to the requesting State10. 
Article 15.4 of the Extradition Treaty between the USA and France of 23 April 1996. 
75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com • palais C1652 
EFTA00011232
--- PAGE 13 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cour— attorney at law 
F. Sixth stage: Possible application before the European Court of Human Rights 
31. Once all domestic remedies have been exhausted, it is possible to file a written 
application against France before the European Court of Human Rights, within six 
months from the date of the final decision at the domestic level, alleging the violation of 
human rights protected by the European Convention of Human Rights, such as the rights 
to life, to a fair trial, not to be tortured, etc. 
32. An application before the European Court of Human Rights may be accompanied by a 
written request for interim measures, pursuant to Rule 39 of the Rules of Court, such as 
a request to suspend the extradition of the applicant pending the outcome of the 
proceedings. 
- 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011233
--- PAGE 14 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cour — attorney at law 
Part II — The likely outcome of an extradition request from the United States of 
America to France in the case of Ms Ghislaine Maxwell 
33. In this case, if an extradition request were to be transmitted by the USA against Ms 
Ghislaine Maxwell, the French judicial authorities would most certainly decide that she 
has to remain in custody given her flight from the USA and the violation of her bail terms 
and conditions in this requesting State. 
34. Having outlined the different stages of the French extradition procedure, the second part 
of this opinion will examine the likely outcome of an extradition request against the 
person of Ms Ghislaine Maxwell, if she were to be released on bail and decided to flee 
from the USA to France. It will first outline the general bars to extradition (A), and then 
analyze the status of the protection of nationals from extradition in the French legal 
system and in the Extradition Treaty between the USA and France (B). It will conclude 
that Ms Ghislaine Maxwell's extradition from France to the USA would not be legally 
barred by her French citizenship, and that it is highly unlikely, under the specific and 
unique circumstances of this case, that French authorities will refuse to enforce an 
extradition decree. 
A. General bars to extradition 
35. Several bars to extradition may classically be invoked before French courts, namely (i) 
a claim that the requested person would be at risk of human rights violations in the 
requesting State (with regards to the right to a fair trial and the right to be free from 
torture, inhumane or degrading treatment); (ii) the dual criminality rule; and (iii) a claim 
that the extradition request is politically motivated. 
(1) 
Human rights bars 
36. Under the case law of the French Cour de cassation, the Investigating Chamber of the 
Court of appeal must consider allegations of human rights violations pertaining to the 
conditions of trial and detention in the requesting State Is. These claims center on the 
right to a fair trial (Article 6 ECHR)I6 and the right to be free from torture, inhumane 
is Cass. Crim., 26 March 2019, nNo. 19-81731. 
Einhorn v. France, 16/10/2001, Application No. 71555/01. 
- 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011234
--- PAGE 15 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cour — attorney at law 
and degrading treatments in custody (Article 3 ECHR)17. If the Investigating Chamber 
finds that the requested person would face a risk of being subject to violations of their 
Article 3 rights, or that there is a risk of a "flagrant denial ofjustice" in the requesting 
State, it must deliver a negative opinion to the extradition request. 
37. In the recent years, human rights bars to an extradition request made by the United States 
of America are only the subject to in-depth scrutiny by French courts when the requested 
person faces the imposition of the death penalty's or the imposition of a life 
imprisonment sentence without the possibility of parole in the USA. We understand that 
this is not the case here. It can be underlined that, when needed, the USA can commit 
not to impose such a sentence and that such a commitment suffices to allow extradition. 
38. As long as the French government receives necessary assurances related to human rights 
when requested, such an argument would be very likely to be rejected in this case. 
Dual criminality 
39. A further possible bar to extradition is the dual criminality rule, which requires the 
conduct in respect of which extradition is sought to constitute a criminal offense in the 
law of both requested and requesting States. 
40. Article 2.1 of the Extradition Treaty between the USA and France expressly states that 
"[aka shall be extraditable if they are punished tinder the laws in both States by 
deprivation of liberty for a maximum of at least one year or by a snore severe penalty. If 
extradition is requested for purposes of enforcing a judgment, the time remaining to be 
served must be at least six months." 
41. There is no doubt that the conduct referred to in the Grand Jury charges against Ms 
Ghislaine Maxwell, contained in the Superseding Indictment SI 20 Cr. 330 (AJN), filed 
on July 8th, 2020, also constitutes criminal conduct under French law, as the crime of 
"proxenitisine". 
42. Article 225-5 of the French Criminal Code defines the crime of "proxenerisme" as "the 
fact, by anyone, in any manner whatsoever: I° To aid, assist or protect the prostitution 
Soering v United Kingdom, 07/07/1989, Application No. 14038/88; Cass. Crim., 26 March 2019, No. 19-81731. 
la In this regard, see Article 7 of the Extradition treaty between France and the USA. 
- 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011235
--- PAGE 16 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cour— attorney at law 
of others; 2° To profit from the prostitution of others, to share the proceeds of 
prostitution or to receive subsidies from a person habitually engaged in prostitution; 3° 
To hire, entice or divert a person to engage in prostitution or to exert pressure on him 
or her to engage or continue to engage in prostitution."" Article 225-6 of the French 
Criminal Code provides that the crime is also established by "the fact, by whoever, in 
any way whatsoever: I° To act as an intermediary between two persons, one of whom 
engages in prostitution and the other exploits or remunerates the prostitution of 
others"". 
43. In French law, the conduct charged in all four counts2I would qualify as the crime of 
"proxen itisme" under Articles 225-5 and 225-6 of the French Criminal Code. 
44. When committed against a minor, Article 225-7 of the French Criminal Code provides 
that the crime is punished by an enhanced sentence, namely a statutory maximum of 10 
years imprisonment (as opposed to 7 years, when committed against an adult)22. 
45. Thus, dual criminality would not constitute an obstacle to Ms Ghislaine Maxwell's 
extradition from France to the USA. 
iii) 
Political offense and manifest inconsistency 
46. Finally, the requested person may argue that the extradition request is politically 
motivated, or that the charges contained in the extradition request are manifestly 
inconsistent with the conduct thereunder. 
le In French, « Le proxinetisme est Lela*, par quiconque, de quelque maniere que ce soit :1° D'aider, d'assister 
ou de protiger la prostitution d'autna ; 2° De tirer profit de la prostitution d'autrui, d'en partager les produits ou 
de recevoir des subsides dune personne se livrant habituellement a la prostitution ; 3° D'embaucher, d'entrainer 
ou de detourner unepersonne en vue de la prostitution ou d'exercersur elle lane pression pour qu'elle se prostitue 
ou continue a le faire ». 
2° In French, « Est assitnile au proxenetistne et puni des peines prorates par Particle 225-5 le fait, par quiconque, 
de quelque maniere que ce soft : 1° De faire office d'intermediaire entre deuce personnes dont Pune se livre a la 
prostitution et Pautre exploite ou remunere la prostitution d'autrui [...)». 
Conspiracy to Entice Minors to Travel to Engage in Illegal Sex Acts; Enticement of a Minor to Travel to Engage 
in Illegal Sex Acts; Conspiracy to Transport Minors with Intent to Engage in Criminal Sexual Activity; 
Transportation of a Minor with Intent to Engage in Criminal Sexual Activity. 
"Proxenetisme is punishable by ten years imprisonment and a fine of 1,500,000 turns when committed: 1° With 
regard to a minor [...)". In French « Le proxenetisme est puni de dix ans d'emprisonnement et de 1 500 000 euros 
d'amende lorsqu'il est commis : 1° A regard d'un mineur ». 
- 75017 paris - 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011236
--- PAGE 17 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la tour —attorney at law 
47. Article 4 of the Extradition Treaty between the USA and France provides that 
"fektradition shall not be granted by France when the offense for which extradition is 
requested is considered by France as a political offense or as an offense connected with 
a political offense or as an offense inspired by political motives". 
48. A political motivation claim requires the Investigating Chamber to examine, to some 
extent, the merits of the case. The Court is also required to look into the merits of the 
case where the requested person argues that there is a manifest inconsistency between 
the conduct and the legal offenses in respect of which the extradition is sought23. 
49. The conduct described in the indictment does not appear to be manifestly inconsistent 
with the offenses charged therein. 
50. As to political motivation, French courts have never opposed extradition requests from 
the USA on this ground24. In fact, in the past ten years, only one published decision of 
the Cour de cassation has denied an American extradition request, on the ground that 
the Investigating Chamber had not verified that the criminal conduct described in the 
request constituted a crime in France at the time of commission25. All other published 
decisions which have ruled on a request from the USA have granted extradition26. 
51. In light of the elements contained in the Superseding Indictment, Ms Ghislaine Maxwell 
could not oppose her extradition to the USA on the basis of a political motivation claim, 
that would have no serious ground, and therefore the Investigating Chamber would not 
look into the merits of the case against her. 
B. The protection of nationals from extradition under French law and the Extradition 
Treaty between the USA and France: Lack of an absolute protection 
Cass. Crim., 21 November 2007, No. 07-87540. 
See by contrast, a 2016 recent decision of the Conseil dErat to deny extradition to Russia of a prominent figure 
of the Kazakh opposition, Moukhtar Abliazov, on the ground that the request was politically motivated (available 
at: haps://www.legifrance.gouv.frketatid/CETATEXT0000335811870. 
Cass. Crlm., 14 October 2015, No. 15-84426. 
Cass. Crim., 11 March 2020, No. 19-84023 ; Cass. Crim., 21 February 2017, No.16-87102 ; Cass. Crim., 23 
February 2010, No. 09-88021 ; Conseil d'Etat - 2eme et lime SSR, 15 April 2016, No.390860 ; Conseil d'Etat 
— 261The et 7610` SSR, 19 October 2018, No. 421762 ; Cass. Crim., 4 June 2019, No. 18-84398 ; Cass. Crim., 26 
November 2019, No. 19-80274 ; Conseil d'Etat - 2k" et l°100 &SR, 1 June 2011, No. 342419 ; Cass. Crim., 21 
June 2016, No. 16-81981 ; Cass. Crim., 4 October 2016, No. 16-84450 ; Cass. Crim., 11 May 2011, No. 11-
80942, No. 11-80943 ; Cass. Crim., 10 May 201, No. 11-80989 ; Conseil d'Etat, - 2sne et 7eft's SSR, 7 May 
2012, No. 352573 ; Cass. Crim, 13 February 2008, No. 07-88009 ; Cass. Crim., 3 March 2015, No. 14-88308 ; 
Cass. Crim., II June 2013, No. 13-81979. 
- 75017 paris tel. 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011237
--- PAGE 18 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la tour —attorney at law 
52. Chapter V of the French Code of Criminal Procedure (Articles 696 to 696-47-1) sets out 
legislative provisions pertaining to extradition. 
53. The rule against the extradition of nationals is set out under Article 696-4, which states 
that extradition shall not be granted when the requested person is a French national, and 
that nationality shall be assessed at the time of the facts in respect of which extradition 
is sought (« Extradition is not granted: J° When the person sought has the French 
nationality, the latter being assessed at the time of the offence for which extradition is 
requested. »27). 
54. The rule under Article 696-4 only applies "in the absence of an international 
convention stipulating otherwisei29. Therefore, we must determine whether the rule 
against the extradition of nationals contained in the French Code of Criminal 
Procedure applies in respect of an extradition request made by the USA. 
55. Extradition requests between the United States and France are governed by the 
Extradition Treaty between the USA and France 199629, which supersedes French law 
as mentioned explicitly in Article 696 of the French Code of Criminal Procedure. 
56. Article 3(1) of the Extradition Treaty between France and the United States provides: 
"There is no obligation upon the Requested State to grant the extradition of a 
person who is a national of the Requested State, but the executive authority of the 
United States shall have the power to surrender a national of the United States if, 
in its discretion, it deems it proper to do so. The nationality of the person sought 
shall be the nationality of that person at the time the offense was committed". 
In French : « L'extradition nest pas accord& 1° Lorsque la personne 'tient& a la nationalitefrancaise, cette 
derniere &ant appreciee a Pepoque de ?infraction pour laquelle Pextradition eat requise ». 
Article 696 of the French Code of Criminal Procedure: "In the absence of an international convention stimulating 
otherwise the condition, procedure and effects of condition shall be determined by the provisions of this chapter. 
These provisions shall also apply to matters which would not have been regulated by international conventions". (In 
French, « En ?absence de convention internationale en stipulant autrement, les conditions, la procedure et les 
effets de ?extradition sont determines par les disposition du present chapitre. Ces disposition s'appliquent 
egalement aux points qui n'maraient pas ite reglementes par les convention internationales »). 
The Extradition treaty between the USA and France was signed in Paris on April 23, 1996 and entered into force 
on February 1, 2002 (by Decree No. 2002-117 of 29 January 2002). 
- 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011238
--- PAGE 19 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cour — attorney at law 
57. If extradition is refused solely on the basis of the nationality of the person sought, Article 
3(2) requires the requested State to submit the case to its authorities for prosecution, if 
so requested by the requesting State. 
58. Consequently, the Extradition Treaty between France and the USA does not 
contain any prohibition on the extradition of nationals. Instead, it merely states that 
there is no obligation upon the requested State to grant the extradition of a person who 
is one of its nationals. 
59. The Extradition Treaty between France and the USA must therefore be distinguished 
from several international agreements on extradition ratified by France, which, by 
contrast, contain a clear rule against the extradition of French citizens30. 
60. For example, France has made the following declaration pursuant to Article 6 of the 
European Convention on Extradition 1957, which gives Contracting States "the right to 
refine extradition of nationals": 
"Extradition shall be refused when the person sought had French nationality at the time 
of the alleged offence "31. 
61. Therefore, France does not surrender French citizens under the European Convention on 
Extradition32. 
62. The Extradition Treaty between France and the USA is similar to other international 
agreements signed by France which also do not contain a prohibition against the 
extradition of nationals. These are generally treaties signed with Common law 
jurisdictions, which do not oppose the extradition of their nationals33. 
See, for example, the Extradition treaty between France and Morocco, or the Extradition treaty between France 
and China. 
See France's instrument of ratification of the European Convention on Extradition, deposited on 10 February 
1986. 
The European Convention on Extradition 1957 is an instrument of the Council of Europe which was signed in 
Paris on December 13th, 1957 and came into force on April IV", 1960. The European Convention on Extradition 
is open to signature by non-Council of Europe States, as such it was ratified by South Africa, Israel, and the 
Republic of Korea. It was ratified by France on February 101°, 1986. 
For example, the Extradition Treaty between France and Canada, signed in Ottawa on 17 November 1988, 
contains a similar provision to the United States Treaty: 'The requested State shall not be bound to extradite its 
own nationals. Nationality shall be determined as of the date of the offence for which extradition is requested" 
(Article 3). 
- 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011239
--- PAGE 20 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cour — attorney at law 
63. The wording of these international agreements, which do not contain a prohibition on 
the extradition of nationals, raises some important questions. In particular, could France 
decide to extradite its nationals on the basis of these international agreements without 
violating applicable international law, European law, or French constitutional law? 
64. In order to determine whether the French government may grant an extradition request 
relating to a French citizen under the Extradition Treaty between France and the USA, it 
is thus necessary to evaluate the strength and status of the prohibition of the extradition 
of nationals under (i) applicable international law, (ii) European law, and (iii) French 
constitutional law. 
International law 
65. As outlined, international treaties pertaining to extradition generally leave Contracting 
States a right not to extradite their nationals, and State practice largely varies in this 
regard. Some States are strongly committed to the rule against the extradition of nationals 
and have conferred the principle constitutional status (Germany, Poland, Greece, 
Portugal, Estonia, Austria). Others have codified the principle in their national legislation 
(France, Lebanon, Chili, Qatar, Slovenia). By contrast, many States - in particular, 
Common law jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom, Australia, and the USA, 
extradite their own citizens. 
66. Thus, there is no uniform rule regarding the extradition of nationals under international 
law. 
(ii) 
European law 
67. European law does not prohibit the extradition of nationals either. As mentioned, Article 
of the European Convention on Extradition 1957 provides States with a discretionary 
right on whether or not to extradite their own citizens. 
68. More interestingly, the European Arrest Warrant Framework Decision of 13 June 2002 
(hereafter, "EAW FD"), which governs extradition matters between Member States of 
the European Union, does not allow Member States the possibility to refuse the surrender 
of their nationals when the EAW is issued for the purpose of conducting a criminal 
prosecution. In fact, the surrender of a national who is the subject of criminal proceedings 
in another Member State of the European Union is at the cornerstone of the EAW FD. 
- 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011240
--- PAGE 21 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cour — attorney at law 
69. Articles 3 and 4 of the EAW FD set out a number of grounds for refusing the enforcement 
of a EAW, that are respectively mandatory and optional. Article 4(6) on optional grounds 
provides that a Member State may refuse the execution of a EAW « issued for the 
purposes of execution of a custodial sentence or detention order, where the requested 
person is staying in, or is a national or a resident of the executing Member State and that 
State undertakes to execute the sentence or detention order in accordance with its 
domestic law ». This article is the only provision in the EAW FD that allows Member 
States to consider nationality in the execution of a EAW. As such, nationality can only 
act as a bar to the execution of a EAW issued for the purpose of executing a custodial 
sentence, not conducting a criminal prosecution. 
70. It follows that European Union law does not prohibit the extradition of nationals. 
(iii) 
French constitutional law 
71. As regards the status of the protection of nationals from extradition under French law, 
the fact that France did not have to change its Constitution or domestic laws regarding 
the extradition of nationals to incorporate the EAW FD effectively means that the 
prohibition against the surrender of a French citizen to foreign authorities does not 
constitute an absolute prohibition per se under French law34. 
72. The Conseil Consfitutionnel (French constitutional Court) has long considered that France 
could not ratify an international amendment which went against the Constitution, thereby 
necessitating a modification of the text of the Constitution prior to the ratification of the 
purported international treaty35. For example, the Constitution had to be amended prior to 
the ratification of the Rome Statute, to create an exception to the rule that the President of 
the Republic cannot be found criminally liable in respect of acts committed during his 
mandate. By contrast, the provisions of the Rome Statute which require Contracting Parties 
to surrender their nationals when the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court is 
established did not trigger an amendment to the French Constitution. Like the EAW FD, 
the example of the Rome Statute must be taken as evidence that there is no constitutional 
principle against the extradition of nationals in France. 
By contrast, several Member States of the EU such as Germany, Poland or Cyprus, had to amend their national 
constitutions prior to incorporating the EAW FD, following constitutional courts' rulings. 
Decision No. 98408 DC, 22 Janvier 2009. 
- 75017 paris tel. 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011241
--- PAGE 22 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cow — attorney at law 
73. The Conseil d'Etat was once asked by the French government to deliver an opinion 
precisely on this point. It stated that the government's practice of refusing the extradition 
of nationals "finds no basis in a principle of constitutional value. None of the rights and 
liberties of the citizen, as proclaimed by the Declaration of the Rights of Men and 
Citizens of 1789 and by the preamble of the Constitution of 1946, implies that nationals 
cannot be extradited f...] No doubt the laws adopted and the international conventions 
signed by France attest to the authority of the rule that nationals are not extradited. But, 
in support of this rule, there are no grounds for considering it as a fimdamental principle 
recognized by the laws of the Republic, having constitutional value by virtue of the 
Preamble to the Constitution of 1946. »36. 
74. Therefore, the French Constitution does not prevent the executive from extraditing 
French citizens. 
75. It follows from this opinion and the above that the decision to apply the principle against 
the extradition of nationals is a matter for the executive, which could choose not to 
enforce it and thus choose to extradite a national without violating French constitutional 
law, European law or international law, taking into account the provisions of the 
Extradition Treaty between the USA and France of 23 April 1996 which supersede 
French law and do not prohibit the extradition of French nationals. 
Conclusion 
76. In the event that Ms Ghislaine Maxwell were to flee to France and become the subject 
of an extradition request, and where she has already executed an irrevocable waiver of 
her right to contest extradition, the Investigating Chamber would have to rule on the 
legality of the extradition request in accordance with the procedure described in Part 1. 
Because the extradition of French nationals is not prohibited by the Constitution or the 
Extradition Treaty between the USA and France, the Investigating Chamber would not 
be legally bound to oppose to the extradition request. It would then become a matter for 
the French government to decide on whether or not to issue an extradition decree against 
Ms Ghislaine Maxwell. 
77. In the recent past, I am not aware that the French authorities have had to address the 
situation in which the United States sought extradition of a French citizen who was also 
a Avis Consultant Conseil d'Erat, 24 November 1994, No. 356-641 
available at https://www.conseil-
etat.fr/jadefilefavisadm/356641.pdf 
- 75017 paris 
—fax. 
www.wjavocats.com palais C1652 
EFTA00011242
--- PAGE 23 ---
William JULIE 
avocet a la cour — attorney at law 
a United States citizen. Thus, there is no precedent to draw from in that 
regard. However, it is our view that under the specific and unique facts of this case, it is 
highly unlikely that the French government would refuse to issue and execute an 
extradition decree against Ms Maxwell because of several critical factors. 
78. First, under the applicable Extradition Treaty between the USA and France, a State party 
may refuse extradition on the basis of nationality, however if it does so, it is obliged to 
prosecute the requested person itself, on the basis of the conduct and the allegations 
contained in the request. In the case of Ms Ghislaine Maxwell, it is highly unlikely that the 
French government would be inclined to conducting such prosecution, considering that all 
the relevant facts were committed in the USA, a long time ago, and that witnesses are also 
located in the USA. 
79. Secondly, France is mindful to preserve its good extradition relations with the United 
States, as evidenced by a number of recent cases we reviewed or conducted in which 
French competent authorities proved highly cooperative with US authorities. If Ms 
Ghislaine Maxwell were to flee to France, and the USA decided to issue an extradition 
request, it would be difficult for French authorities — from a diplomatic point of view — to 
deny such an extradition request, considering that no legal bar applies." 
80. Thirdly, the fact that Ms Ghislaine Maxwell also holds American nationality, and has 
substantial ties to the USA, would, in all likelihood, be taken into account by the French 
government as one more element weighing in favor of extradition. 
81. Similarly, and fourthly, the fact that Ms Ghislaine Maxwell signed a legally binding 
Waiver under US law, and would have subsequently fled to France in violation of her bail 
conditions, could equally be taken into account by the French government as an incentive 
not to grant Ms Ghislaine Maxwell the benefit of her French nationality as a ban to 
extradition. 
William Julie 
" Of the 36 reported Supreme Court decisions involving extradition requests from the United States in the last 20 
years, the French authorities granted extradition in 34 of these cases. Lower court decisions granting extradition 
were quashed only twice for procedural deficiencies not at issue in this case. 
• 75017 paris 
— fax. 
www.wjavocats.com • palais C1652 
EFTA00011243
--- PAGE 24 ---
Exhibit A 
EFTA00011244
--- PAGE 25 ---
WILLIAM JULIE 
AVOCAT 
75017 Paris 
Date of birth: 
French English and German national 
Set up my own practice in 2002 
Marathon Runner (Paris, 2013, 2h57) 
EMPLOYMENT 
Since 2002 
Founding partner of William Julio Avocats 
INTERNSHIPS & LAW STUDIES 
war 
jaN ocats.com 
2000-2002 
Internships specialized in human rights and criminal law: 
• 
Henri Leclerc (President of the French Ligue des Droits de l'Homme) 
• 
Eric Plouvier (Human Rights barrister) 
2000 
Admitted to the Paris Bar 
1999 
Postgraduate Specialization Diploma: Criminal Law and Criminal Justice 
Policy in Europe 
Thesis Supervisor Mme Delmas Marty, University of Paris Sorbonne 
1999 
Certificate of criminal sciences, University of Paris Assas 
EXTRADITION LAW 
• 
Extradition cases in and outside the EU, including USA, Saudi Arabia, China, Russia, 
South Korea, Japan, Irak, Iran, Lebanon, India 
• 
Regularly appears as French judicial expert before Common law courts on extradition issues 
and prison detention conditions (UK, Hong Kong, USA) 
• 
Mutual legal assistance: cooperation with various investigation authorities on international 
cases (DEA, FBI, SFO, OCTRIS), cross-border penitentiary law (repatriation) 
• 
Obtained in 2017 a major change in French extradition law (right to challenge European arrests 
warrants issued against foreigners - Michael Ofsowitz case) 
CRIMINAL LAW 
• 
Testified before the Parliamentary Enquiry into miscarriages ofjustice during the Outreau trial 
• 
Fraud cases, including Emmanuel Henning 40 million pounds mobile phone VAT fraud in the 
UK, and Marseilles 385 Million carbon gas fraud 
• 
Business criminal law (money laundering, bribery and corruption, misappropriation of public 
funds, misuse of company assets, offenses related to public tenders, stock exchange law) 
• 
Important drug cases involving international issues and organized crimes (Morocco, Lebanon, 
Holland, Germany, GB), including 4 tons cocaine Tobago clipper case 
EFTA00011245
--- PAGE 26 ---
LEGAL ADVICE 
• 
Presidential party members and officials in Dakar, Senegal 
• 
Former Tunisian Ambassador in Paris and prominent Tunisian diplomats 
• 
Members of the Royal family of Saudi Arabia 
• 
Members of leading Lebanese political party 
• 
Opposition leaders in Irak and Lybia 
• 
Italian State 
MEMBERSHIPS 
• International criminal law Officer of the IBA (International Bar Association) 
• Member of DELF (Defense extradition Lawyers Forum, UK) 
• 
Co-Chair of the criminal committee of the corporate firms lawyers association (France) 
• Member of the ECBA (European Criminal Bar association) 
• Member of the Franco British Lawyers Society 
EFTA00011246
--- PAGE 27 ---
Exhibit B 
EFTA00011247
--- PAGE 28 ---
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
- against - 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
Docket No. 20-CR-330 (AJN) 
AFFIDAVIT AND WAIVER OF 
EXTRADITION 
Ghislaine Maxwell, being duly sworn, deposes and says: 
1. 
I am the named defendant in the above-captioned case. I am a citizen of the 
United States, the United Kingdom, and France. I have resided in the United States since 
approximately 1991. I am currently incarcerated at the Metropolitan Detention Center in 
Brooklyn, New York. 
2. 
I have reviewed with my counsel, Mark S. Cohen and Christian R. Everdell of 
Cohen & Gresser, LLP, the charges contained in the superseding indictment in the above-
captioned case (the "Indictment"). In addition, I have been informed by United States and French 
counsel, with whom I am satisfied, of my rights under French law on extradition, under the 
Extradition Treaty between the United States of America and France signed 23 April 1996 (the 
"Treaty") , under the Agreement on Extradition between the United States of America and the 
European Union signed 25 June 2003 (the "USA/EU Agreement on Extradition"), under the 
Instrument Amending the Treaty of April 23, 1996 between the United States of America and 
France signed 30 September 2004 (the "Instrument Amending the Treaty"), and under the 
provisions of the French Code of Criminal Procedure. I understand that, in proceedings in France 
under the aforementioned provisions in respect of an extradition request by the United States 
EFTA00011248
--- PAGE 29 ---
under the Treaty as amended by the Instrument Amending the Treaty and/or under the USA/EU 
Agreement on Extradition in connection with the Indictment, I would be entitled to argue that I 
should not be extradited to the United States on the ground of my French citizenship. I 
understand that in the absence of my consent to extradition, I cannot be surrendered to the United 
States authorities unless and until a court in France issues a ruling finding that there are no bars to 
my extradition, followed by an extradition decree issued by the French government. 
3. 
If I am released on bail in connection with the Indictment, I hereby voluntarily and 
irrevocably waive any rights to contest any extradition request by the United States under the 
Treaty as amended by the Instrument Amending the Treaty as well as under the USA/EU 
Agreement on Extradition with respect to the offenses charged in the Indictment. Specifically, I 
consent to extradition in accordance with Article 11 of the USA/EU Agreement on Extradition as 
incorporated in the Treaty by the Instrument Amending the Treaty, in connection with the 
offenses charged in the Indictment. In addition, to the extent that it might be relevant, I waive 
any rights to assert that any bars to extradition apply, and I confirm that no such bars apply. 
4. 
In the event that I violate my bail conditions after being released, I understand that 
the purpose of this affidavit is for the government to offer it to the authorities in France when my 
extradition is sought by the United States government in relation to the charges in the Indictment. 
I understand that France authorities may use this affidavit to assist in determining my 
extraditability. 
5. 
I make this waiver freely and voluntarily, after having consulted with counsel. 
Dated this 
day of December 2020. 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
EFTA00011249
--- PAGE 30 ---
I hereby certify that on this _ day of December 2020, Ghislaine Maxwell personally appeared 
before me and made her oath in due form of law that the statements herein are true. 
The Honorable Alison J. Nathan 
United States District Judge 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011250


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011251.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011251.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
>, 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: FW: Request re Maxwell Relativity 
Date: Tue, 08 Dec 2020 21:46:21 +0000 
lane-Images: image002.jpg 
As we discussed on our call with 
and 
on Friday, my understanding is that the FBI has ceased reviewing all 
content from Epstein's devices and will limit their review of the devices to (a) documents tagged Responsive on Relativity, 
(b) images and videos identified as Responsive during the review conducted by the FBI and SDNY this fall, and (c) portions 
of iPads and the iPhone that SDNY identified responsive during our review this fall. 
We should plan to do the same going forward. If you guys encounter anything that appears to come from any of Epstein's 
devices that you believe was not identified responsive, please let me know, and we can take action to confirm and lock off 
any nonresponsive material from review. 
From: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
Sent: Tuesday, December 8, 202010:07 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
>, 
(USANYS) <
Subject: RE: Request re Maxwell Relativity 
Hello 
Can you please confirm that the below search is the correct data to secure: 
US v. Epstein (SW Returns) - Potentially Non-Responsive - https://dlpe.nss.pae.com/Relativityjgo?id=2370462-4350955 
Can you also please confirm that the Potentially Non-Responsive data will be placed in two subfolders under the following 
parent folders: 
I-- Di Search Warrant Returns 
New_Search Warrant Returns_FBI 
4- b USvE_20200728 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Friday, December 4, 202010:55 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <
II> 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Request re Maxwell Relativity 
EFTA00011251
--- PAGE 2 ---
Now that we have completed our responsiveness review in the "US v Epstein (SW Returns)" database, we need to lock off 
access to any non-responsive materials in that database. Would it be possible to please lock off access to the 397,365 
documents in that database that are NOT currently tagged "Identified Responsive"? That should leave just the 1,218,719 
documents that are tagged "Identified Responsive" accessible to the team for use in our case. 
Happy to have a call to discuss if that would be useful. 
Thanks very much, 
EFTA00011252


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011253.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011253.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Christian Everdell  
To:" 
Cc: 
C STERNHEIM"' 
'Laura Menninger' 
Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) -- Renewed Bail Motion and Exhibits (to be 
Filed Under Seal) 
Date: Tue, 08 Dec 2020 22:20:09 +0000 
Attachments: 2020.12.8_Cover_Letter to_Judge_Nathan_re_Renewed_Bail_Motion.pdf; 
Memorandum re Second Bail Application_Final.PDF; Exhibit_A.pdf; Exhibit_B.pdf; 
Exhibit_C.pdfiE)Thibit_D7pdf; Exhibit_E.pdf 
Inline-Images: image001.gif; image003.jpg 
'Jeff Pagliuca' 
Dear Judge Nathan — 
Attached please find the following documents submitted to the Court and all counsel under seal pursuant to the Court's 
order (Dkt. 89): 
1. 
Cover letter 
2. 
Renewed bail motion (unredacted) 
3. 
Accompanying exhibits A-E (unredacted) 
Due to the volume of materials, we will be sending them in successive emails. 
Regards, 
Christian R Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
view the 
. A cohengresser.com 
New York I Paris I Washington DC I London 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or ptivileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only 
the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
review. dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error. please immediately notify 
the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you. 
PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed al: https:/Awew.cohengressar com/privacy-policx 
EFTA00011253


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011254.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011254.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit B 
EFTA00011254
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011255
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00011256
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00011257
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00011258


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011259.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011259.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
(USANYS) [Contractor]" •Tzl 
To: ' 
[Contractor]" 
Subject: RE: Discovery Requests 
Date: Tue, 02 Feb 2021 13:36:00 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg 
(USANYS) 
Good morning! If it's okay with everyone, I will be in the Office tomorrow and can load this drive (and the disc for MDC 
with the latest Ninth Production) then. Thanks very much! 
From: 
Sent: Monday, February 1, 2021 2:34 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] < 
< 
Subject: FW: Discovery Requests 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
FYI. • 
not going to be able to come into the office this week. Will someone be in and able to check the mail for this 
drive and get it loaded? 
From: Christian Everdell • 
Sent: Sunday, January 31, 2021 10:41 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) <
E
> 
Cc: Mark S. Cohen 
>, 'Laura Menninger' < 
Subject: RE: Discovery Requests 
Hi 
>; 
Bobbi Sternheim 
)< 
>; 
Jeff Pagliuca 
We will provide you with a drive to load the files. If our messenger service is functioning tomorrow (depending on the 
severity of the snow storm) we will drop it off tomorrow. If not, we will drop it off Tuesday morning. 
Thanks, 
Chris 
From: 
[mailto: 
Sent: Friday, January 29 2021 4:41 PM 
To: Christian Everdell; 
); 
(USANYS) 
Cc: Mark S. Cohen; Bobbi Sternheim; Jeff Pagliuca; 'Laura Menninger' 
Subject: RE: Discovery Requests 
Chris, 
Our paralegals reminded me that we have produced the ranges you included in your most recent email twice: once in the 
third production (08-21-2020) and once in the reproduction with shortened file names (09-03-2020). We can certainly 
produce them a third time, but we would not be able to reproduce them again through your FTP link, as they are too 
large. Please provide us with a 64 GB drive if you would like us to reproduce those ranges. 
Best, 
EFTA00011259
--- PAGE 2 ---
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: 
Sent: Friday, January 29, 2021 4:08 PM 
To: Christian Everdell 
(USANYS) 
Cc: Mark S. Cohen 
>; 'Laura Menninger' 
Subject: RE: Discovery Requests 
Chris, 
; Bobbi Sternheim 
Jeff Pagliuca 
Thank you for sending the link. I will ask our paralegals to use it to send you the ranges you requested, including the 
ranges you referenced in your most recent email. 
Best, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
fl
From: Christian Everdell 
Sent: Friday, January 29, 2021 3:53 PM 
To: 
) <[♦ 
(ustsivs).
> 
Cc: Mark S. Cohen 
>; 'Laura Menninger' 
>; 
< 
>; 
; Bobbi Sternheim < 
Jeff Pagliuca 
Subject: RE: Discovery Requests 
Thanks for the follow-up. Please send the documents to the FTP link below: 
https://cohengressersharefile.com 
EFTA00011260
--- PAGE 3 ---
Also, we are missing the Bates ranges listed below. 
SDNY_GM_00167911 through SDNY_GM_00168477 
SDNY_GM_00168488 through SDNY_GM_00169165 
SDNY_GM_00169184 through SDNY_GM_00169491 
SDNY_GM_00169505 through SDNY_GM_00169735 
We had discussed these ranges several months ago and I believe you had agreed to reproduce them in the 11/9 
production. But we do not appear to have received them. Can you send these ranges via the FTP site as well? 
Thanks, 
Chris 
From: 
(manto 
Sent: Friday, January 29, 2021 10:31 AM 
To: Christian Everdell; 
►; 
(USANYS) 
Cc: Mark S. Cohen; Bobbi Sternheim; Jeff Pagliuca; 'Laura Menninger' 
Subject: RE: Discovery Requests 
Chris, 
Following up on this, we have now prepared all of the items you requested in point 6 below for production to you. Our 
paralegals have sent a copy of the materials to the MDC for your client. Would you like to provide us with an FTP link for 
this production, or would you like us to prepare a CD for you instead? 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: 
Sent: Monday, January 25, 2021 3:56 PM 
To: 'Christian Everdell' 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 'Mark S. Cohen' 
>, 'Laura Menninger' 
Subject: RE: Discovery Requests 
Chris, 
) < 
>; 
'Bobbi Sternheim' < 
>; 'Jeff Pagliuca' 
Following up on point 6 below, our paralegals have re-stamped the materials you identified with a Bates range overlap 
and are prepared to reproduce those materials to you. The materials are small enough to produce via your FTP site. 
Would you like to send us a link to where you would like those materials uploaded? Alternatively, we can load the 
materials to a CD and send it to you. 
EFTA00011261
--- PAGE 4 ---
We are still waiting to hear back from our vendor about the remaining issues you identified in point 6. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: 
Sent: Sunday, January 17, 2021 10:05 PM 
To: Christian Everdell 
(LISANYS) 
Cc: Mark S. Cohen 
• 'Laura Menninger' 
Subject: RE: Discovery Requests 
Chris, 
Below please find our responses. 
; Bobbi Sternheim c
) Jeff Pagliuca 
1. 
As we have recently discussed, Ms. Maxwell now has access to the 4TB drive containing a full set of the discovery 
produced to date. It took a significant amount of time to create this copy due to the volume of discovery and 
delays on the part of our vendor, who assisted in creating the copy. 
2. 
As we have recently discussed, Ms. Maxwell now has a drive containing the contents of the CD produced on 
November 18, 2020. 
3. 
As I conveyed to you over the phone and in a recent email, the materials produced from the Subject Devices all 
contain metadata indicating the "NYC" CART Evidence Number of the device from which each document was 
extracted. In our November 18, 2020 discovery letter, we provided you with a chart setting forth which "NYC" 
CART Evidence Number corresponds with which Subject Device in our warrants. If you still need a detailed index 
of all 1.2 million documents with the specific Subject Device indicated, please let me know, and I will ask one of 
our paralegals to compile one. 
4. 
We produced the FBI report bearing Bates number SDNY_GM_02050812-14 in the form in which it was 
recovered from one of Epstein's devices. In other words, we did not apply any redactions to that document; 
rather, the redactions existed on the document at the time the document was found during the FBI's search of 
Epstein's devices. We are not aware of any legal basis for your request for a log of redactions. If you have any 
legal authority on that point, we would be happy to consider it. As a courtesy, I will note that our office did not 
apply redactions to any material that was identified responsive during the searches of Epstein's devices. 
5. 
We are aware of our discovery obligations, have complied with them, and will continue to comply with them. We 
are not aware of any legal basis for your request that we inform you of what, if any, documents have been 
withheld or the basis for their withholding. If you have any legal authority on that point, we would be happy to 
consider it. As a courtesy, I will note that we have provided you with all records we received from AT&T and all 
EFTA00011262
--- PAGE 5 ---
records we received from David Rodgers. As to your inquiry about the Bates ranges on the Rodgers documents 
beginning with Bates number "28", I note that the folder containing the Rodgers subpoena returns in our August 
5, 2020 production included two documents. The first (SDNY_GM_00005532-5649) is the document you 
referenced in your email inquiry. The second (SDNY_GM_00005650-5676) is 27 pages long, accounting for the 
first 27 pages of the production from Rodgers. We produced those two documents in the form in which we 
received them. 
6. 
Our paralegals are working on the issues you identified with Bates ranges and metadata load files. I will reach 
back out to you once I have an update on the status of those issues. 
7. 
We do not have a more detailed index of the November 9 and November 18 productions beyond what we have 
provided to you. 
8. 
We are not aware of any legal basis for your request for copies of grand jury subpoenas. Nor are we aware of any 
legal basis for your request that we identify the date range of documents we requested in each subpoena. If you 
have any legal authority for those requests, we would be happy to consider it. 
9. 
The court filings that appear to be referenced in the Daily Beast article you sent are an application for a search 
warrant and a search warrant filed in the District of New Hampshire. We produced both documents to you in 
discovery on August 5, 2020. The DNH judge issued a sealing order in connection with the warrant and 
application. As you can see at Bates No. SDNY_GM_00000621, the sealing order automatically expired on 
December 30, 2020. Our understanding is that the District of New Hampshire unsealed the filing of its own 
accord in conformity with the clear language of that sealing order. Our office took no affirmative steps to unseal 
or otherwise release these filings. 
Best, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: Christian Everdell 
Sent: Thursday, January 7, 20214:13 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: Mark S. Cohen 
> 
>; 
>; 
>; Bobbi Sternheim 
>; Jeff Pagliuca 
>; 'Laura Menninger' < 
> 
Subject: Discovery Requests 
We write to raise a number of discovery issues. Please let us know your position on these issues at your earliest 
convenience. 
1. In our email correspondence on 11/18/2020, you agreed to create a new hard drive containing the entire discovery 
production. We provided you with a 4TB hard drive for that purpose on 11/20/2020. It is very important for Ms. 
EFTA00011263
--- PAGE 6 ---
Maxwell to have this drive as soon as possible to prepare her defense. Do you have an update on when the drive 
will be ready? 
2. We also informed you that the CD produced on November 18, 2020 did not work on the prison computer at the 
MDC (as you know, the laptop provided to Ms. Maxwell does not have a CD drive). Accordingly, we asked you to 
include the material on the CD in the new 4TB hard drive. We followed-up with you about this issue on December 
30, 2020. Given that the new hard drive is still not ready, we ask that you download the material on the CD onto 
a separate thumb drive or hard drive and provide it as quickly as possible to Ms. Maxwell at the MDC so that she 
can review the materials this weekend. Alternatively, you can provide an external CD drive to Ms. Maxwell at 
the MDC so that she can read the files on the MDC computer. We will provide whatever media device you 
require to facilitate this production. 
3. Unlike the November 9, 2020 discovery cover letter, the November 18, 2020 discovery cover letter (attached) does 
not correlate the Bates numbers to the particular "Subject Device" from which the documents were recovered. 
Instead, the cover letter indicates that the documents came from "SDNY_PROD015" or "SDNY_PROD0167 We do 
not know what those terms refer to. We request that the government produce a list that correlates the Bates 
numbers for all of the documents in SDNY_PROD015 and SDNY_PROD016 to the particular devices from which the 
documents were recovered. 
4. We request that the government provide an unredacted version of the FBI report, dated December 6, 2006, 
bearing Bates number SDNY_GM_02050812-14 (attached). We also request that the government produce a log 
identifying all of the redacted documents in the discovery and the bases for each of the redactions. 
5. There are a few documents that seem to be missing from the discovery. For example, the AT&T documents 
(SDNY_GM_00001015-3637) do not seem to include subscriber information for the various phone numbers. Also, 
the flight logs produced by David Rodgers begin at Bates number "Rodgers000028," suggesting that 
Rodgers000001-000027 were not produced to us. Please produce these documents to us or provide an 
explanation why you are not producing them to us. Please confirm whether there are other documents that were 
removed from the grand jury subpoena productions that we have not yet identified and the basis for their removal. 
6. There are a few Bates number/metadata issues with some of the documents: 
a. There is an overlap between the fourth and fifth document productions. The fourth production ends at 
SDNY_GM_00328863, the fifth production begins at SDNY_GM_00328070. We propose renumbering the 
range from the fifth production (i.e., renumber SDNY_GM_00328070-328863). 
b. The metadata load files (*.DAT) for PROD011 had a number of gaps which are detailed in the attached Excel 
file. We propose that you send us a new DAT file covering only the missing documents. 
c. The metadata load files (*.DAT) for PROD015 had a gap from SDNYGM_00723971 to SDNY_GM_00723981. 
We propose that you send us a new DAT file covering only the missing documents. 
7. To the extent that the government has created an index of the documents produced on November 9 and 
November 18 that is more detailed than the production cover letters, we request that you provide a copy to the 
defense. 
8. We request that the government provide copies of the grand jury subpoenas for documents issued by the 
government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. 
There is one other issue we'd like to raise. An article in the Daily Beast on Monday referenced the search warrant affidavit 
for the cell-site simulator used to track Ms. Maxwell's cellphone before her arrest (https://www.thedailybeast.comThow-
the-fbi-tracked-down-ghislaine-maxwell-alleged-madam-of-jeffrey-epstein). The article stated that the affidavit appeared 
in a "newly unsealed court filing." I don't recall this affidavit being unsealed or referenced in anything that was filed on 
EFTA00011264
--- PAGE 7 ---
the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affidavit or any other materials from the 
criminal discovery, and whether any discovery materials were released pursuant to FOIA requests. 
Regards, 
Chris 
Christian R Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
Etil
l 
I view bio 
www.cohengresser.com 
New York I Paris I Washington DC I London 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only 
the individual named above. if the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
review. dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error. please immediately notify 
the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you. 
PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed at SI oslAwiwcohencresser.com/privac-policx
EFTA00011265


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011266.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011266.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: Christian Everdell 
Cc: "Mark S. Cohen" 
Subject: US v. Maxwell - discovery production 
Date: The, 02 Feb 2021 20:49:11 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.02.02_Maxwell_Discovery_Letter.pdf 
Bobbi Stemheim 
"Jeff Pa liuca" 
Chris, 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you today. Attached please find the accompanying cover 
letter. The production is small enough to produce via the FTP site. Would you please send us a link if that is how you 
would like us to make the production to you? 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00011266


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011267.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011267.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of Justice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The Silvio J. Mollo Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
February 2, 2021 
BY ELECTRONIC MAIL 
Christian Everdell, Esq. 
Mark Cohen, Esq. 
Cohen & Gresser LLP 
800 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
Laura Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 
150 East Tenth Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
Bobbi Stemheim, Esq. 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
West 19th Street-4th Fl. 
New York, NY 10007 
Re: 
United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
Dear Counsel: 
In recognition of the Government's ongoing discovery obligations, today we are producing 
the materials listed in the below index. These discovery materials are stamped with control 
numbers SDNY_GM_02742303 through SDNY_GM_02742750. One of the items included in 
this production is the final report of the Office of Professional Responsibility ("OPR") regarding 
the resolution of the 2006-2008 criminal investigation of Jeffrey Epstein by the U.S. Attorney's 
Office for the Southern District of Florida (the "OPR Report"). Although the OPR Report is 
publicly available and accessible through multiple websites, the Government has elected to 
produce a copy to you as a courtesy. 
In addition, due to an inadvertent error in Bates stamping in the prior production, which 
the Government just discovered, we are reproducing certain of the materials in the below index. 
These items were originally produced with incorrect Bates numbers that resulted in overlaps. 
These errors have now been corrected. These discovery materials are now stamped with the correct 
control numbers SDNY GM 00328069.001 through SDNY GM 00328069.794. 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
EFTA00011267
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
2020 Protective Order in this case.' This letter is itself designated as "confidential," because it 
includes information regarding records designated as "confidential" under the Protective 
Order. An index of the materials contained in this production is below: 
Bates Start 
Bates End 
Summary Description 
Confidential 
Designation 
SDNY_GM_02742303 
SDNY_GM_02742395 
AT&T subpoena return, January 28, 
2021 
Confidential 
SDNY_GM_002742396 
SDNY_GM_002742398 
FBI collected item log regarding 
highly confidential responsive 
materials 
SDNY_GM_002742399 
SDNY_GM_002742400 
FBI report regarding review of 
responsive digital evidence 
SDNY_GM_002742401 
SDNY_CM_002742402 
FBI collected item log regarding 10 
yearbooks collected from West Palm 
Beach 
SDNY GM 002742403 
SDNY GM 002742750 
Office of Professional Responsibility 
report dated November 2020 
SDNYGM00328069.001 SDNY GM 00328069.794 
REPRODUCTION, JPMorgan Chase 
materials 
Confidential 
The Government recognizes that its discovery obligations are ongoing and will promptly 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
to reach out if you have any difficulty accessing these materials or if you wish to arrange a time 
to review physical items in the FBI's custody. 
Very truly yours, 
AUDREY STRAUSS 
United States Attorney 
b 
Assistant United States Attorneys 
Files in PDF format designated as "confidential" under the protective order have been stamped 
"confidential." However, certain files cannot be individually labeled as confidential on the 
documents themselves due to their file format. 
EFTA00011268


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011269.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011269.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USAFLS)" alMIE> 
To:' 
" 
Bcc: "USAHUB-USAJournal111" 
Subject: Epstein documents 
Date: Tue, 02 Feb 2021 19:12:08 +0000 
Embedded: Epstein_documents.msg 
Sende 
Subject: Epstein documents 
Message-Id: 
<BN3P110MB02581D65E734FC2A1419FF8AF8B59®BN3P110MB0258.NAMP1 I O. P ROD.OUTLOOK.CO 
M> 
To: 
EFTA00011269


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011270.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011270.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USAFLS)" 
To: 
Subject: Epstein documents 
Date: Tue, 02 Feb 2021 19:12:07 +0000 
Can you please send me your cell phone number so that I can set you up with our USAfx account? Then I'll be able to 
share the folder with you. 
Thank you, 
EFTA00011270


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011271.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011271.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00011271
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011272
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00011273
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00011274
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00011275
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00011276
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00011277
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00011278
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00011279
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00011280
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00011281
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00011282
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00011283
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00011284
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00011285
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00011286
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00011287
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00011288
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00011289
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00011290
--- PAGE 21 ---
EFTA00011291
--- PAGE 22 ---
EFTA00011292
--- PAGE 23 ---
EFTA00011293
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA00011294


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011295.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011295.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00011295
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011296
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00011297


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011298.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011298.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00011298
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011299


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011300.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011300.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00011300
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011301
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00011302
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00011303
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00011304
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00011305
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00011306
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00011307
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00011308
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00011309
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00011310
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00011311
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00011312
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00011313
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00011314
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00011315
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00011316
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00011317
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00011318
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00011319


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011320.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011320.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00011320
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011321
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00011322
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00011323
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA00011324
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA00011325
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA00011326
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA00011327
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA00011328
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00011329
--- PAGE 11 ---
EFTA00011330
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00011331
--- PAGE 13 ---
EFTA00011332
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00011333
--- PAGE 15 ---
EFTA00011334
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00011335
--- PAGE 17 ---
EFTA00011336
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00011337
--- PAGE 19 ---
EFTA00011338
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00011339


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011340.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011340.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00011340
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011341
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA00011342
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA00011343


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011344.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011344.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00011344
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011345


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011346.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011346.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: RTC and verdict sheet 
Date: Mon, 20 Sep 2021 20:29:51 +0000 
Attachments: GM jury_exercise_RTC.docx; GM jury_exercise_verdict_form.docx 
Hi team, 
Attached are drafts of the RTC and verdict sheet for the mock jury exercise. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
New York, New York 10007 
EFTA00011346


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011347.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011347.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA00011347
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011348


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011349.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011349.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: '
Subject: RE: Call 
Date: Wed, 22 Sep 2021 03:54:20 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.jpg: image002.jpg; image005.jpg 
Hi 
I checked with the public corruption supervisors and, at least based on what we know now, we don't intend to move 
forward with criminal charges on any of the people you mentioned on the call, so you should go ahead with your 
interviews. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, September 20, 2021 1:11 PM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Call 
Can we do 1:30 pm today? 
Special Agent== 
U.S. Department of Justice • Office of the Inspector General • New York Field Office 
New York, NY 10004 
From: 
Sent: Monday, September 20, 2021 12:38 PM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Call 
Hi — Want to talk today? When are you free? 
From: 
Sent: Thursday, September 16, 2021 9:15 AM 
To: 
Subject: Call 
Good Morning M, 
Please let me know if you have a few minutes to speak with myself and SSA 
Thank you. 
Special Agent 
U.S. Department of Justice • Office of the Inspector General • New York Field Office 
New York, NY 10004 
regarding the Epstein case. 
EFTA00011349
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011350


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011351.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011351.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: LEGALREQUIREMENTS  
To: ' 
Cc: LEGALREQUIREMENTS 
Subject: RE: FB Case #19353 Jeffrey Epstein-Federal Grand Jury Subpoena 
Date: Tue, 10 Mar 2020 19:59:56 +0000 
Inline-Images: image003.jpg; image004.png; image005.jpg; image006.png 
Good afternoon AUSA 
We have just sent a secured message. Please register to access the information. 
Kindly, 
First Bank 
Records & Le al Requirements #244 
F 
ifirstbank.com 
IIII3EICI 
en et arnotente antes de iniorinitr este correo. 
Please consider the envircoment before prong this snarl 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This electronic transmission contains information belonging to First BanCorp or any of its subsidiaries. which might be 
related to criminal, civil or administrative actions. Such information is strictly confidential or legally privileged. If you are not the intended recipient. please 
immediately advise the sender by reply e-mail or telephone that this message has been inadvertently transmitted to you and delete this e-mail from your 
system. You are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or the taking of any action in reliance on the contents of the information is strictly 
prohibited by law. ---
AVISO DE CONFIDENCIALIDAD: Esta transmision electranica centime information de First BanCorp o alguna de sus subsidiaries. que pudiera ester 
relacionado a una investigation criminal, civil o administrative. Esta information es estrictamente confidential o privilegiada. Si usted recibe este mensaje 
por error. favor de indicarto al remitente a eaves de correo electronico o via telefonica y etimine el mismo de su sistema. Divulger. copier, distribuir o 
tomar alguna action sobre la information contenida en esta comunicaci0n este prohibido por ley.----
From: LEGALREQUIREMENTS 
Sent: Tuesday, March 10, 2020 12:55 PM 
To: 
Cc: VERONICA MARTINEZ 
LEGALREQUIREMENTS 
>; LAWRENCE ODELL 
Subject: FB Case #19353 Jeffrey Epstein-Federal Grand Jury Subpoena 
Sensitivity: Confidential 
Good afternoon AUSA 
Attached please find the list of accounts as requested. We are working on the production for this case. 
Regards, 
EFTA00011351
--- PAGE 2 ---
I First Bank 
Records & Le al Re uirements 
Records & Leon] Requirements #244 
ifirstbank.com 
fl
Piensa en el arnbente antes de impilmir este correo. 
Please Gander the environment before printing this emad. 
<p><span stylee"color: $999999;">DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be phvileged,confidential, and protected from disclosure. If 
you are not the intended reopient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distnbubon or duplication of this communication is stnctly prohibited. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete all copies. This message was sent by the FirstBank Secure Mail 
Gateway.</span> </p> 
EFTA00011352


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011353.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011353.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Mon, 09 Mar 2020 19:52:08 +0000 
Attachments: Jeffrey_Epstein.pdf; ATT00001.htm 
Here's something related to the Epstein case. 
Thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Monday, March 9, 2020 3:37 PM 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Edo you know who at SDNY to forward this correspondence to? Thanks. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: John Ray -I 
Date: March 9, 2020 at 3:00:06 I'M tin r  
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Good afternoon, Ms. 
Please see annexed for your information. 
Very truly yours, 
John Ray 
Ray, Mitev & Associates, LLP 
New York Attorneys 
"Killer Bees" 
Manhattan: 
Lon island:
Miller Place, New York 11764 
EFTA00011353
--- PAGE 2 ---
IRS Circular 230 Required Notice—IRS regulations require that we inform you that to the extent this 
communication contains any statement regarding federal taxes, that statement was not written or 
intended to be used, and it cannot be used, by any person (i) for the purpose of avoiding federal tax 
penalties that may be imposed on that person, or (ii) to promote, market or recommend to another 
party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
This communication is otherwise privileged and confidential as attorney-client communication and/or 
attorney work product and may not be used, reproduced, reformatted or in any way referred to 
without the prior written consent of Ray, Mitev & Associates, under penalty of law. If you have 
received this message in error, or are not the intended recipient, please notify us immediately and 
destroy this message, along with any and all copies of this message. 
Service of legal papers/documents by e-mail is not authorized and will be treated as a nullity. To the 
extent that this communication may contain attorney advertising, same is not intended to form any 
attorney-client relationship or otherwise impart or convey any legal advice. 
EFTA00011354


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011355.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011355.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: Questions re: Epstein ESI 
Date: Tue, 10 Mar 2020 22:31:10 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: unnamed 
EFTA00011355


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011356.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011356.pdf
----------------------------------------
Event: Questions re: Epstein ESI 
Start Date: 2020-03-11 14:30:00 +0000 
End Date: 2020-03-11 14:45:00 +0000 
Organizer 
Class: X-PERSONAL 
Date Created: 2020-03-10 22:41:24 +0000 
Date Modified: 2020-03-10 22:41:24 +0000 
Priority: 5 
DTSTAMP: 2020-03-10 22:31:08 +0000 
Attendee 
Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
Reminder 
EFTA00011356


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011357.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011357.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
„cl 
To: ' 
(USANYS)"  
Subject: RE: ESI review -- Epstein investigation 
Date: Tue, 10 Mar 2020 22:28:38 +0000 
Thanks, that would be great. Would 10:30 work tomorrow morning? 
From: 
(USANYS) <
> 
Sent: Tuesday, March 10, 2020 6:20 PM 
To: 
Subject: RE: ESI review -- Epstein investigation 
Sure, I'm generally around tomorrow except for a moot at 2. 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, March 10, 2020 4:07 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: ESI review -- Epstein investigation 
Hi=, 
I question has come up during our review of ESI in the Epstein investigation, and the PC chiefs asked us to seek guidance 
from appeals. Do you have a few minutes tomorrow or Thursday for a few questions? 
Thanks) 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00011357


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011358.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011358.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: <1 
Subject: Initial Response to Grand Jury Subpoena 
Date: Thu, 12 Mar 2020 19:11:01 +0000 
Attachments: 19353 _ -_ certification.pdf 
Michael Hantman I Holland & Knight 
Partner 
Holland & Knight LLP 
www.hklaw.com 
Add to address book I View professional biography 
NOTE: This e-mall is from a law firm, Holland & Knight LIP ("H&K"), and Is Intended solely for the use of the individual(s) to whom it is 
addressed. If you believe you received this e-mail In error, please notify the sender immediately, delete the e-mail from your computer and do 
not copy or disclose it to anyone else. If you are not an existing client of H&K, do not construe anything in this e-mail to make you a client 
unless it contains a specific statement to that effect and do not disclose anything to H&K In reply that you expect It to hold in confidence. If you 
properly received this e-mall as a client, co-counsel or retained expert of H&K, you should maintain its contents in confidence in order to 
preserve the attorney-client or work product privilege that may be available to protect confidentiality. 
EFTA00011358


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011359.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011359.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: '
Ma' 
To:'
Subject: notes from convo w/ counsel 
Date: Sat, 07 Mar 2020 22:08:57 +0000 
Attachments:M_convo_notes.docx 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011359


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011360.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011360.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To:I 
Subject: what a fucking clown 
Date: Fri, 13 Mar 2020 23:09:08 +0000 
https://www.foxnews.cornimedia/jeffrey-epstein-suicide-fox-nation 
I don't believe a word of what he says here. He was about to replace the attorneys who had been working for the dude 
for years and years?? No goddamn way. Ugh, unreal. 
Anyway thought you might appreciate. 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011360


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011361.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011361.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: Final Voucher 11063602-1(1) approved by 
approval 
Date: Tue, 24 Mar 2020 14:22:09 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
now awaiting further 
Dear 
Final voucher 11063602-1(1) has been approved by 
now awaiting further approval. 
Trip ID: 11063602-1 
Voucher ID: 1 
Voucher type: Final 
Traveler name: 
Purpose: R20NYS 13404 - Epstein Investigation Witness interview 
Destination: Beverly Hills, CA, United States 
Dates: 2020-02-25 - 2020-02-29 
Current status: Pending Voucher Approval 
Voucher total expenses: 1981.97 
Estimated trip cost: 2004.11 
E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
https://dojnet.doj.ggAmd/fs/e2-redirect.html
E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
emails that you receive from us. 
Reference ID# V0010 
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA00011361


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011362.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011362.pdf
----------------------------------------
Front 
To: 
Subject: current draft (just in case) 
Date: Sun, 29 Mar 2020 21:18:52 +0000 
Attachments: 2020-03-10,_prosecution_memo
docx 
EFTA00011362


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011363.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011363.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sigrid McCawley <I 
To:" 
Subject: FW: GM vs. Estate 
Date: Wed, 18 Mar 2020 15:32:08 -4)000 
Attachments: sean.pdf; ATT0000I.htm 
> 
Hello 
- I just received this from a reporter. It is an indemnification action filed in USVI by Maxwell. It contains 
statements that are directly contradictory to Maxwell's previous sworn depositions including that Epstein was not 
assisting in any of her legal bills and she didn't receive anything of value from him etc. and it also references 
correspondence that she never produced in that case and lists companies that she was apparently employed by. 
I am still reviewing but I wanted to get it to you quickly. Looks like ABC is doing a story on it. 
Sigrid McCawley 
Partner 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
Fort Lauderdale. FL. 33301 
(I) 
(n) 
www.bsfllp.com 
From: Hill, James E. [mailto: 
Sent: Wednesday, March 18, 2020 11:12 AM 
To: Sigrid McCawley 
Subject: GM vs. Estate 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, 
among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege. attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law If the reader of this 
electronic message is not the named recipient. or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination. distribution. copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in 
error. please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. Iv 1 082018318SF) 
EFTA00011363


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011364.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011364.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To:' 
Subject: Fwd: doc 001 Doe vs Epstein estate complaint.pdf 
Date: Mon, 23 Mar 2020 18:17:46 +0000 
Attachments: doc_001_Doe_vs_Epstein_estate_complaint.pdf; ATT00001.htm 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Brad Edwards <=ille 
Date: March 23, 2020 at 13:59:45 EDT 
To: 
Subject: doc 001 Doe vs Epstein estate complaint.pdf 
EFTA00011364


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011365.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011365.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Si 'd McCawle 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: 
Attachments: 
Inline-Images: 
FW: Ghislaine Maxwell Deposition Transcript in slip and fall case (readers digest version) 
Mon, 23 Mar 2020 21:28:16 +0000 
Maxwell_Dep._Tr._(Slip_and_Fall_Case).pdf 
image009.png; image022.png; image037.png; image064.png; image008.png; image001jpg; 
image002.jpg; image003.jpg; image004.jpg; image005.jpg; image006.jpg; image007.jpg; 
image010.jpg; image01 1.jpg; image012.jpg; image013.jpg; image014.jpg; image015.jpg; 
image016.jpg; image017.jpg; image018.jpg; image019.jpg; image020.jpg; image021.jpg; 
image023.jpg 
my paralegal found this. Not sure if you have it so I wanted to pass it along. It's a 2019 depo of Maxwell in a slip 
and fall case in NYC. There are some clips below and the full version is attached. 
Best, 
Sigrid 
Sigrid McCawley 
Partner 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
on au er ae. 
From: Sandra Perkins 
Sent: Monday, March 23 2020 5:13 PM 
To: Sigrid McCawley 
Sabina Mariella 
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Deposition Transcript in slip and fall case (readers digest version) 
Ghislaine Maxwell Deposition Transcript in slip and fall case (readers digest version) 
Note the File # has an AIG PRIV prefix (this has to mean that AIG is her insurance carrier on this case). 
CUOMO, LLC. 
Attorney for Defendant 
Mineola, New York 11501 
BY: MATTHEW CUOMO, ESQ. 
FILE NO.: AIGFRIV 17007 
EFTA00011365
--- PAGE 2 ---
SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
COUNTY OF NEW YORK 
SHELDON BARR and THOMAS GARDNER, 
-against-
CITY OF NEW YORK and 
Plaintiffs, 
Defendants, 
INDEX NO.: 159225/2010 
New York, New York 
April 9, 2019 
10:07 a.m. 
EXAMINATION BEFORE TRIAL of the Defendant, 
by GNISLAINE MAXWELL, iN 
the above-entitled action, held at the above time 
and place, taken before a Notary Public of the State 
of New York, pursuant to Order and Stipulations 
r 
Page 9 (Primary residence as of 9/2015 NY) 
EFTA00011366
--- PAGE 3 ---
Q. 
What was your primary residence back in 
September 
A. 
of 2015? 
Q• 
Can you tell me how much time you spent 
there, say, back in 2015 from January 1st through 
September 9, 2015? 
A. 
A lot of time. I lived there. That's my 
primary residence. 
Page 10 (Maxwell is a US Citizen as well as citizen of France and England) 
Q. 
A. 
Where were you born? 
Paris, France. 
Q. 
What is your date of birth? 
A. 
Q. 
Are you a U.S. Citizen at this time? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
When did you become a U.S. Citizen? 
A. 
I don't recall. But it was some time in 
late 
ftember. 
'90s, mid '90s. I'm not sure. I don't 
Q. 
Are you a citizen of any other country? 
A. 
Yes. 
0. 
What other countries? 
A. 
France and England. 
Page 11 Education and Licenses 
EFTA00011367
--- PAGE 4 ---
Q. 
Do you have any professional degrees or 
licenses? 
A. 
I do. 
Q. 
In what? 
A. 
I'm a registered emergency technician, 
first responder, EMT. I'm a helicopter pilot. 
Q. 
Sorry? 
A. 
Helicopter pilot. 
Q• 
Is your certification as an EMT in the 
United States or another country? 
A. 
In the U.S. 
Page 12 - Ellmax 
Q. 
What is Ellmax? 
A. 
It's no longer in existence. 
Q. 
What was it? 
A. 
It was a company I started to advise othe: 
businesses on board placement, placing board of 
directors, and any other questions they might have, 
conferences, locations for conferences, speakers at 
conferences. 
Q. 
What is the primary business? Is it 
Ellmax, LLC.? 
A. 
I think so. 
Q. 
Is that a Florida Limited Liability 
Company? 
A. 
Whatever paperwork I have. I don't recal_. 
Whatever it says on the paperwork. 
EFTA00011368
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 16 — 
Maxwell paid 
(Proof of payments?) 
personal assistant for more than 10 years (beginning 2001 or 2002) and 
herself not through Ellmax. 
Q. 
- 
A. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 
my personal assistant. 
Q. 
How long was 
your personal assistant? 
A. 
More than ten years. 
Q. 
More than ten years from today? 
A. 
No. ■ 
doesn't work for me anymore. 
Q. 
When did you start working for you? 
A. 
Again, some time .n 2001, 2002. Something 
like that. 
Q. 
Was 
your personal assistant for the 
next ten years? 
A. 
Yeah. 
Q. 
Was 
paid by Ellmax, miLC.? 
A. 
I paid 
myself. 
Q. 
Did you pay 
out of a different company 
or different funds or what source? 
A. 
t don't recall where T paid 
from 
exactly. 
was not an employee of -- I was the 
only person that did any work for El:rax. 
Was 
my personal assintart. 
was abl•> 
would do 
Page 18 (Ellmax Florida Corporation — Maxwell stated that she lived in number of place in Florida) 
EFTA00011369
--- PAGE 6 ---
C. 
Was there a reason you chose a Florida 
ILmited Liability Company for Ellmax, LAC.? 
A. 
I don't know why. I don't remember. 
Q. 
Were you also a Florida resident back in 
2016? 
A. 
lived in Florida at certain times since 2 
-2ved to the states. 
IC. 
2. 
What is your address In Florida? 
A. 
lived in a number of different places in 
IR 
'lorida. 
Q. 
Do you own real estate in Florida? 
2C 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
At any point did you maintain a residence 
_n Florida? 
A. 
I've never owned a home in Florida. 
u. 
Dad you rent the sane residence in Florida? 
2S 
A. 
No. 
Page 23 (Communicated with her personal assistant via email, text or phone) 
Where are the records? 
EFTA00011370
--- PAGE 7 ---
in 
.2 
you 
GHTSLAINE MAXWELL 
Q. 
You said ■ 
was your personal assistant . 
A. 
I did. 
Q. 
Was that a remote job or did 
lave with 
or lived nearby? 
A. 
never lived in my none. 
I can't 
recall. Wherever 
lived I don't know. I'm 
.orry. 
Q. 
Was it a full-time or part-time 'oh? 
A. 
It was full-time. 
D. 
How would you communicate with 
Page 25: Darren Indyke helped Maxwell create Ellmax 
EFTA00011371
--- PAGE 8 ---
April 9, 2019 
S 
IJ 
a 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
Q. 
Was there ever any other members? 
A. 
don't believe so. 
Q. 
Could you tell me who Darren Indyke, Esq. 
New York. New York is? Could 
you tell me who he is? 
A. 
He is a :awyer. 
O. 
What :r his connection with the LLC? 
A. 
Me helped create tt. 
Q. 
Did you hire him to create it? 
A. 
I don't recall how tt went down exactly. 
How he came to do it. But, he was the lawyer. Aryl 
•.a helped create tt. 
Q. 
Was he referred to you by somebody? 
A. 
Ho worked tor a friend of mine. 
Q. 
Who is that? 
A. 
A gent:Almon called Mr. Spinel:—
Page 31 (Miami Beach address in 2014) 
What is the address at 
Miami Seach, Florida 33139? 
A. 
That was a home that i rented !or a short 
while, and I stayed at the address. 
0. 
When did you rent it? 
A. 
I don't rota:: tne dates. 1 am sorry. 
0. 
Was it in the year 2014. 
A. 
I honestly don't remember. 
Page 32 (Douglas Elliman was broker for sale of NY home) 
EFTA00011372
--- PAGE 9 ---
:1 
lE 
:9 
Q. 
Was that based on your accountant or a 
legal advise or on your own? 
A. 
I'm sure that was based on legal advise. 
Q. 
you? 
Did you have a lawyer that formed it for 
A. 
You are asking things to go hack over 20 
years. I don't recall exactly how it went. down. 
Q. 
Did you utilize the services of a broker 
purchasing 
A. 
I don't remember. 
Q. 
Did you ut I re the services of a broke•( 
when se:ling 
A. 
did. 
D. 
Was that Douglas Elliman? 
A. 
It was. 
Page 40 (Odd that she says not married at the time ... could she be married now)? 
EFTA00011373
--- PAGE 10 ---
April 9, 
GHISLAINE 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Who lived in 
MAXWELL 
Or. 
September 9, 2015? 
A. 
Excuse me? 
Q. 
Are you married? 
A. 
I was not married at the time of this. 
Q. 
Do you have any chi:dren? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Did you have any help that lived in the 
house with you? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Did you have a housekeeper? 
A. 
I did have a housekeeper, yes. 
Q. 
Live out or live in? 
A. 
Out. 
Page 47 (says she used a MAC or laptop in 2015) 
(for ESI) 
2: 
Q. 
Were thorn computers kept in that office? 
A. 
There was a computer in that office. 
Q. 
What kind of computer was it? 
A. 
I think it was a Hock. 
O. 
Was it • laptop or desktop? 
A. 
I think it was • desk top. It could :olive 
boon a laptop. 
I don't know. 
Q. 
Who owned that desktop? 
A. 
Well, If it was a desk top it would have 
been me. Actually I think it was laptop an 201',. 
Q. 
back in September of 2015, was there a desk 
2019 
EFTA00011374
--- PAGE 11 ---
Maxwell had a filing cabinet (hard copy records) 
I didn't have oustnoss recoros. 
C. 
Where did you keep the records for Ellhax. 
A. 
I use to move my 
: had a file cabinet 
wherever I was sitting. 1 had a filing cabinet. 
Q• 
Where would that be kept? Cn what floor 1 -
the building? 
A. 
It moved. I frequently moved riy desk. 
couldn't decide where I woulc sit. Tnere was a 
period of time in the dining room became a place 
where I would sit and the library. When I moved ny 
desk my little filing system cop come with me. 
Page 52-53 (Tax returns reflect Maxwell claiming to work 60 hour weeks for Terramar) 
EFTA00011375
--- PAGE 12 ---
IS 
Q. 
Referring to the bottom portion next to the 
yellow label of Plaintiff's Exhibit 10. Directing 
your attention to Page S of the tax return. Do you 
see this page? 
A. 
I do. 
0. 
Did you indicate in this tax return that 
you worked 60 hours a week 
A. 
Yes. 
n the terramar Project? 
C. 
Did you have other officers at that time 
that worked for the Terramar Project? 
A. 
Well. 
done 23 hours. 
08172 Court KeportIng... A LexItas Company 
S00-678-0166 
YORK COUNTY CLERK 03/05/2020 12:59 PR 
IMMIX NO. 
RECEIVED NYSCEP: 
?age 53 
April 9, 2019 
159224/3016 
03/05/3020 
113 
QMISLAINE MAXWELL 
Q. 
Is that accurate? 
A. 
I'm ours it is. 
Page 54-55 Claims only "contract contractors" who paid for work — but she and other board members 
did not receive compensation. 
EFTA00011376
--- PAGE 13 ---
A. 
These aro just all directors and none of 
DFITZ Court Reporting... A Lexitas Company 
803-678-0166 
YORK COUNTY CLERK 03/05/2020 12:59 P$ 
. 113 
B 
INDEX NO. 159224/201G 
RECEIVED ?NEGEV: 03/05/2020 
Page 55 
April 9, 20:9 
GRISLAINE MAXWEtt 
cher. were :enumerated. Nobody was paid. But, 
Terramar Project did have work called contract 
contractors who did do work for it. A contract 
employee or contract person that worked for tne 
company is not the same as a regular employee. The.:
wouldn't come to work. 
O. 
Who was that? 
A. 
I have had a number of -- I had a number of 
different people. We also have one person who did 
work for Terramar Project. They were always 
()trait*, beCadae they would never come to work. 
They would be remote. 
Page 55: Robert Foos was a contracted employee for Terramar (Director of Development) 
Who paid him? 
EFTA00011377
--- PAGE 14 ---
0. 
Were there any contracting employees back 
in 2015 for Terramar Prolocc, Inc.? 
A. 
There were, yes. 
Q. 
Who were they? 
A. 
One. I believe It was Robert Foos. 
D. 
In what position did he hold? 
A. 
I think his official title was Director 
Covelopment. 
0. 
Coos the additiona_ data sheet indicate 
that you were also working 60 hours a week for 
Terramar Project back in 2013? 
A. 
Yes. 
DEITZ Court Report1mg... A Lexitas Company 
800-6/8-0166 
YORK COUNTY crairanvomunxis-tng 
INDEX NO. 259224/2016 
RECRIVED NTSCRF: 03/05/2020 
?age 56 
April 9, 20:9 
GH1SLAINE 
Page 57-58 (Mark, Paneth & Shron prepared her taxes for Terramar) 
EFTA00011378
--- PAGE 15 ---
Q. 
Was tne 
Paneth c Shron, 
New York 130017, 
accountant that prepared it Mark, 
LLP., 
New York, 
as indicated on Plaintiff's Exhibit 
DEITZ Court Reporting... A Lexitas Company 
800-678-0166 
YORK COUNTY CLERIC 61/015/2020 12:59 P$ 
113 
10? 
A. 
Q. 
A. 
Q. 
returns 
Project? 
INDEX NO. 
RECEIVED NYSCEF: 
Page 58 
April 9, 2319 
CHISLAINE MAXWELL 
It may have been. 
Were they your accountants? 
They were. 
Do they always tile your personal tax 
and the tax returns for the Terramar 
Page 66 (Discussed deed being titled as 
:7 
Q. 
When it was purchased in 
recall if you purchased it using 
LLC.? 
2000, do you 
A. 
I believe I did. 
Q. 
Were you the sole member of 
LLC.? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Were you advised either by a lawyer or an 
accountant to purchase the home through an LLC? 
A. 
I don't recall, but I'm sure I was. 
Page 70 
EFTA00011379
--- PAGE 16 ---
NO. 113 
RECEIVED NYSCEF: 
Page 7C 
April 9, 2019 
GHISLATNE MAXWELL 
Q. 
When in town is that where you would sleep? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
You had your master bedroom in the house at 
A. 
Yes. 
O. 
2016? 
That was all the time between 2000 thru 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
With respect to the Terramar Project, did 
you ever collect or have you ever collected any 
salary as the president of the Terramar Project? 
A. 
No. 
Page 73-74 
Q. 
Have you received any 
kind from the Terramar Project 
remaavrat ion of uny 
for your servic'• for 
that not-for-profit entity? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Is there any place in the home, at 
that is set aside for use solely by the 
Terramar Protect? 
A. 
No. 
03/05/2020 
EFTA00011380
--- PAGE 17 ---
C. 
When you worked for a particular company, 
DEITZ Court Reporting... A Lexitas Company 
800-678-0366 
YORK COUNTY CLERK 03/05/2020 12:59 RI 
. 113 
INDEX NO. 159: 
RECEIVED NYSCEF: 03, 
Page 74 
April 9, 2019 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
did you work with them at their premises? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
DId you ever had them come to your 
business, to 
to do that work? 
A. 
No. 
EFTA00011381
--- PAGE 18 ---
Q. 
During the period of tire that Ellmax 
functioned, did it generate revenue? 
A small amount. 
Q. 
Did you ever collect a salary for Ellmax? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
Were you ever disbursed any profits from 
Ellmax? 
A. 
No. 
Q. 
What happened to the revenue that Ellmax 
generated during that period of time, from 2010 to 
:7 
2013? 
A. 
It dust was used to deter cost such as 
traveling and travel mostly. 
Q. 
What were the costs of travel related to 
Ellmax where you were going? 
A. 
Sorry, most of the corpanies I would have 
worked for were from Los Angeles. I went to LA and 
also to London multiple times. 
Page 76-77 (Monte Albers De Leon closing lawyer for house/Maxwell did not attend closing). 
EFTA00011382
--- PAGE 19 ---
Q. 
Did you attend 
the closing 
when you solo 
the building 
at 
A. 
No. 
O. 
Did you authorize 
somebody to attend 
the 
closing 
for 
you? 
A. 
Yes. 
Q. 
Who was that? 
DEITZ Court Reporting... A Lexitas Company 
800-678-0166 
YORK COUNTY CLERK 03 
. 113 
/05/2020 
12:59 
PX 
INDEX NO. 159224/: 
RECEIVED NYSCEF: 03/05/: 
Page 77 
April 9, 2019 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
A. 
The lawyer that is on that. I don't 
remember his name. Monte Albers De Leon. 
Q. 
Who is he? Is he your lawyer? 
A. 
He was a lawyer that I used. 
Sandra Perkins Borger 
Case Manager 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that. 
among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege. attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. lithe reader of this 
electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination. distribution. copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in 
error. please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. (v.1 08201831859 
EFTA00011383


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011384.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011384.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: JE 
Date: Mon, 17 Dec 2018 21:14:40 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
and I have our quarterly meeting to speak with 
about Human Trafficking issues. She may ask about Epstein. 
Besides the generalities, is there anything particular you would like us to convey? 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Human Trafficking Co-Coordinator 
Violent & Organized Crime 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011384


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011385.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011385.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
)" 
To: 
(USANYS)" <1 
Cc: "I 
tr . 
f 
I 
I
I 
< 
>, ..'
l l,USAN
IIIMINE> 
Subject: RE: RE: foreign travel, Sweden, February 3-7 
Date: Mon, 27 Jan 2020 16:59:47 +0000 
Great, thank you! 
From: 
(USANYS) < 
Sent: Monday, January 27, 2020 09:26 
To: 
Cc: 
(USANYS)
:,
Subject: RE: RE: foreign travel, Sweden, February 3-7 
No. You are all set. 
From: 
Sent: Friday, January 24, 202012:53 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
<Ma; 
(USANYS).,
Subject: RE: foreign travel, Sweden, February 3-7 
Per the international travel checklist, I think we need to email you for approval / notice — 
and I are 
hoping to get approval to travel to Stockholm, Sweden, between February 3 and 7 to interview a witness in connection 
with the Epstein investigation. We'll also separately put in phone requests, but please let us know if you need any 
additional information or materials. 
thanks very much, 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011385


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011386.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011386.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit A 
EFTA00011386
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 1 of 15 
COMPOSITE EXHIBIT A 
NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT AND 
ADDENDUM 
EFTA00011387
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 2 of 15 
IN RE: 
INVESTIGATION OF 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT 
IT APPEARING that the City of Palm Beach Police Department and the State 
Attorney's Office for the 15th Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County (hereinafter, 
the "State Attorney's Office") have conducted an investigation into the conduct of Jeffrey 
Epstein (hereinafter "Epstein"); 
IT APPEARING that the State Attorney's Office has charged Epstein by indictment 
with solicitation of prostitution, in violation of Florida Statutes Section 796.07; 
IT APPEARING that the United States Attorney's Office and the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation have conducted their own investigation into Epstein's background and any 
offenses that may have been committed by Epstein against the United States from in or 
around 2001 through in or around September 2007, including: 
(I) 
knowingly and willfully conspiring with others known and unknown to 
commit an offense against the United States, that is, to use a facility or means 
of interstate or foreign commerce to knowingly persuade, induce, or entice 
minor females to engage in prostitution, in violation of Title 18, United States 
Code, Section 2422(b); all in violation ofTitle 18, United States Code, Section 
371; • 
(2) 
knowingly and willfully conspiring with others known and unknown to travel 
in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit sexual conduct, as 
defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(O, with minor females, in violation of Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2423(b); all in violation of Title 18, United States 
Code, Section 2423(e); 
(3) 
using a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce to knowingly 
persuade, induce, or entice minor females to engage in prostitution; in 
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Sections 2422(b) and 2; 
(4) 
traveling in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit sexual 
conduct, as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(O, with minor females; in violation 
Page I of 7 
EFTA00011388
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 3 of 15 
of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2423(b); and 
(5) 
knowingly, in and affecting interstate and foreign commerce, recruiting, 
enticing, and obtaining by any means a person, knowing that the person had 
not attained the age of 18 years and would be caused to engage in a 
commercial sex act as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 1591(eX1); in violation of Title 
18, United States Code, Sections 1591(a)(1) and 2; and 
IT APPEARING that Epstein seeks to resolve globally his state and federal criminal 
liability and Epstein understands and acknowledges that, in exchange for the benefits 
provided by this agreement, he agrees to comply with its terms, including undertaking certain 
actions with the State Attorney's Office; 
IT APPEARING, after an investigation of the offenses and Epstein's background by 
both State and Federal law enforcement agencies, and after due consultation with the State 
Attorney's Office, that the interests of the United States, the State of Florida, and the 
Defendant will be served by the following procedure; 
THEREFORE, on the authority of It Alexander Acosta, United States Attorney for 
the Southern District of Florida, prosecution in this District for these offenses shall be 
deferred in favor of prosecution by the State of Florida, provided that Epstein abides by the 
following conditions and the requirements of this Agreement set forth below, 
If the United States Attorney should determine, based on reliable evidence, that, 
during the period of the Agreement, Epstein willfully violated any of the conditions of this 
Agreement, then the United States Attorney may, within ninety (90) days following the 
expiration of the term of home confinement discussed below, provide Epstein with timely 
notice specifying the conditicm(s) of the Agreement that be has violated, and shall initiate its 
prosecution on any offense within sixty (60) days' of giving notice of the violation. Any 
notice provided to Epstein pursuant to this paragraph shall be provided within 60 days of the 
United States learning of facts which may provide a basis for a determination of a breach of 
the Agreement. 
After timely fulfilling all the terms and conditions of the Agreement, no prosecution 
for the offenses set out on pages 1 and 2 of this Agreement, nor any other offenses that have 
been the subject of the joint investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the 
United States Attorney's Office, nor any offenses that arose from the Federal Grand Jury 
investigation will be instituted in this District, end the charges against Epstein if any, will be 
dismissed. 
Page 2 of 7 
EFTA00011389
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 4 of 15 
Terms of the Agreement 
I. 
Epstein shall plead guilty (not nob contendere) to the indictment as 
currently pending against hint in the 15th Judicial Circuit in and for 
Palm Beach County (Case No. 2006-d-009495A/100CW charging 
one (1) count of solicitation of prostitution, in violation of FL Stet § 
796.07. In addition, Epstein shall plead guilty to an Information filed 
by the State Attorney's Office charging Epstein with an offense that 
requires him to register as a sex offender, that is, the solicitation of 
minors to engage in prostitution, in violation ofFlorida Statutes Section 
796.03; 
2. 
Epstein shall make a binding recommendation that the Court impose a 
thirty (30) month sentence to be divided as follows: 
(a) 
(b) 
Epstein shall be sentenced to consecutive terms of twelve (12) 
months and six (6) months in county jail for all charges, without 
any opportunity for withholding adjudication or sentencing, and 
without probation or community control in lieu of 
imprisonment and 
Epstein shall be sentenced to a term of twelve (12) months of 
community control consecutive to his two terms in county jail 
as described in Term 2(a), supra. 
3. 
This agreement is contingent upon a Judge of the 15th Judicial Circuit 
accepting and executing the sentence agreed upon between the State 
Attorney's Office and Epstein, the details of which are set forth in this 
agreement 
4. 
The terms contained in paragraphs 1 and 2, supra, do not foreclose 
Epstein and the State Atorneys Office from agreeing to recommend 
any additional charge(s) or any additional term(s) of probation and/or 
incarceration. 
5. 
Epstein shall waive all challenges to the Information filed by the State 
Attorney's Office and shall waive the right to appeal his conviction and 
sentence, except a sentence that exceeds what is set forth in paragraph 
(2), supra. 
6. 
Epstein shall provide to the U.S. Attorney's Office copies of all 
Page 3 of 7 
EFTA00011390
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 5 of 15 
proposed agreements with the State Attorney's Office prior to entering 
into those agreements. 
7. 
The United States shall provide Epstein's attorneys with a list of 
individuals whom it has identified as victims, as defined in 18 U.S.C. 
§ 2255, after Epstein has signed this agreement and been sentenced. 
Upon the execution of this agreement, the United States, in consultation 
with and subject to the good faith approval of Epstein's counsel, shall 
select an attorney representative for these persons, who shall be paid for 
by Epstein. Epstein's counsel may contact the identified individuals 
through that representative 
8. 
If any of the individuals referred to in paragraph (7), supra, elects to 
file suit pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255, Epstein will not contest the 
jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District 
of Florida over his person end/or the subject matter, and Epstein waives 
his right to contest liability and also waives his right to contest damages 
up to an amount as agreed to between the identified individual and 
Epstein, so long as the identified individual elects to proceed 
exclusively under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, and agrees to waive any other 
claim for damages, whether pursuant to state, federal, or common law. 
Notwithstanding this waiver, as to those individuals whose names 
appear on the list provided by the United States, Epstein's signature on 
this agreement, his waivers and failures to contest liability and such 
damages in any suit are not to be construed as an admission of any 
criminal or civil liability. 
9. 
Epstein's signature on this agreement also is not to be construed as an 
admission of civil or criminal liability or a waiver of any jurisdictional 
or other defense as to any person whose name does not appear on the 
list provided by the United States. 
10. 
Except as to those individuals who elect to proceed exclusively under 
U.S.C. § 2255, as set forth in paragraph (8), supra, neither Epstein's 
signature on this agreement, nor its terms, nor arty resulting waivers or 
settlements by Epstein arc to be construed as admissions or evidence of 
civil or criminal liability or a waiver of any jurisdictional or other 
defense as to eny person, whether or not her name appears on the list 
provided by the United States. 
11. 
Epstein shall use his best efforts to enter his guilty plea and be 
Page 4 of 7 
EFTA00011391
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 6 of 15 
sentenced not later than October 26, 2007. The United States has no 
objection to Epstein self-reporting to begin serving his sentence not 
later than January 4, 2008. 
12. 
Epstein agrees that he will not be afforded any benefits with respect to 
gain time, other than the rights, opportunities, and benefits as any other 
inmate, including but not limited to, eligibility for gain time credit 
based on standard rules and regulations that apply in the State of 
Florida. At the United States' request, Epstein agrees to provide an 
accounting of the gain time he earned during his period of 
incarceration. 
13. 
The pasties anticipate that this agreement will not be made part of any 
public record. If the United States receives a Freedom of Information 
Act request or any compulsory process commanding the disclosure of 
the agreement, it will provide notice to Epstein before making that 
disclosure. 
Epstein understands that the United States Attorney has no authority to require the 
State Attorney's Office to abide by any terms of this agreement. Epstein understands that 
it is his obligation to undertake discussions with the State Attorney's Office and to use his 
best efforts to ensure compliance with these procedures, which compliance will be necessary 
to satisfy the United States' interest. Epstein also understands that it is his obligation to use 
his best efforts to convince the Judge of the 15th Judicial Circuit to accept Epstein's binding 
recommendation regarding the sentence to be imposed, and understands that the failure to 
do so will be a breach of the agreement. 
In consideration of Epstein's agreement to plead guilty and to provide compensation 
in the manner described above, if Epstein successfully fulfills all of the terms and conditions 
of this agreement, the United States also agrees that it will not institute any criminal charges 
against any potential co-conspirators of Epstein, including but not limited t 
Further, upon execution of this 
agreement end a plea agreement with the State Attorney's Office, the federal Grand Jury 
investigation will be suspended, and all pending federal Grand Jury subpoenas will be held 
in abeyance unless and until the defendant violates any term of this agreement The 
defendant likewise agrees to withdraw his pending motion to intervene and to quash certain 
grand jury subpoenas. Both parties agree to maintain their evidence, specifically evidence 
requested by or directly related to the grand jury subpoenas that have been issued, and 
including certain computer equipment, inviolate until all of the terms of this agreement have 
been satisfied. Upon the successful completion of the tenns of this agreement, all 
outstanding grand jury subpoenas shall be deemed withdrawn. 
Page 5 of 7 
EFTA00011392
--- PAGE 8 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 7 of 15 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certifies that each of these terms is 
material to this agreement and is supported by independent consideration and that a breach 
of any one of these conditions allows the United States to elect to terminate the agreement 
and to investigate and prosecute Epstein and any other individual or entity for any and all 
federal offenses. 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certifies that he is aware of the fact that 
the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States provides that in all criminal 
prosecutions the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial. Epstein farther 
is aware that Rule 48(b) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure provides that the Court 
may dismiss an indictment, information, or complaint for unnecessary delay in presenting 
a charge to the Grand Jury, filing an information, or in bringing a defendant to trial. Epstein 
hereby requests that the United States Attorney for the Southern District ofFlorida defer such 
prosecution. Epstein agrees and consents that any delay from the date of this Agreement to 
the date of initiation of prosecution, as provided for in the terms expressed herein, shall be 
deemed to be a necessary delay at his own request, and he hereby waives any defense to such 
prosecution on the ground that such delay operated to deny him rights under Rule 48(b) of 
the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure and the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of the 
United States to a speedy trial or to bar the prosecution by reason of the running of the statute 
of limitations for a period of months equal to the period between the signing of this 
agreement and the breach of this agreement as to those offenses that were the subject of the 
grand jtuy's investigation. Epstein further asserts and certifies that he understands that the 
Fifth Amendment and Rule 7(a) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure provide that all 
felonies must be charged in an indictment presented to a grand jury. Epstein hereby agrees 
and consents that, if a prosecution against him is instituted for any offense that was the 
subject of the grand jury's investigation, it may be by way of an Information signed and filed 
by the United States Attorney, and hereby waives his right to be indicted by a grand jury as 
to any such offense. 
II/ 
I / I 
/I/ 
Page 6 of 7 
EFTA00011393
--- PAGE 9 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 8 of 15 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above has been read 
and explained to him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the conditions of this Non-
Prosecution Agreement and agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: 
By: 
Dated:  va,_ 
Dated: 
Dated: 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Page 7 of 7 
EFTA00011394
--- PAGE 10 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 9 of 15 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above has been read 
and explained to him. Epstein hereby stales that he understands the conditions of this Non-
Prosecution Agreement and agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: 
By:  
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
Dated; 
Dated:  7 19-410 7 
Dated: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
LILLY ANN SANCHE7, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
ERALb 
COLR7jfESQ. 
OUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Page 7 of 7 
EFTA00011395
--- PAGE 11 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 10 of 15 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above has been read 
and explained to him. Epstein hereby states that he undergo-Ands the conditions of this Non-
Prosecution Agreement and wets to comply with than. 
R ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: 
BY: 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
Dated: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated: 
Dated q-Ati- OR-
GERALD LERCOLIRT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Page 7 of 7 
EFTA00011396
--- PAGE 12 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 11 of 15 
IN RE: 
INVESTIGATION OF 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
ADDENDUM TO 71IE NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT 
IT APPEARING that the parties sea to clarify certain provisions of page 4, paragraph 7 
of the Non-Prosecution Agreement (hereinafter "paragraph Tr), that agreement is modified as 
follows: 
7A. 
The United Stales has the right to assign to an independent third-party the responsibility 
for consulting with and, subject to the good faith approval of Epstein's counsel, selecting 
the attorney representative for the individuals identified under the Agreement. If the 
United States elects to assign this responsibility to an independent third-party, both the 
United States and Epstein retain the right to make good faith objections to the attorney 
representative suggested by the independent third-party prior to the final designation of 
the attorney representative. 
7E. 
The parties will jointly prepare a short written submission to the independent third•party 
regarding the role of the attorney representative and regarding Epstein's Agreement to 
pay such attorney representative his or her regular customary hourly rate for representing 
such victims subject to the provisions of paragraph C, infra. 
7C. 
Pursuant to additional paragraph 7A, Epstein has agreed to pay the fees of the attorney 
representative selected by the independent third party. This provision, however, shall not 
obligate Epstein to pay the fees and costs of contested litigation filed against him. Thus, 
if after consideration of potential settlements, an attorney representative elects to file a 
contested lawsuit pursuant to 18 U.S.C. s 2255 or elects to pursue any other contested 
remedy, the paragraph 7 obligation of the Agreement to pay the costs of the attorney 
representative, as opposed to any statutory or other obligations to pay reasonable 
attorneys fees and costs such as those contained ins 2255 to bear the costs of the attorney 
representative, shall cease. 
EFTA00011397
--- PAGE 13 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 12 of 15 
By signing this Addendum, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above has been read and 
explained to him. Epstein hereby, states that he understands the clarifications to the Non-
Prosecution.Agreernent and agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated:  /0/3 b /07 
Dated:  / 
Dated: 
Dated: 
AZJIN I AN I U.J. AI I OttNt Y 
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EFTA00011398
--- PAGE 14 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 13 of 15 
By signing this Addendum, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above has been read and 
explained to him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the clarifications to the Non-
Prosecution Agreement and agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated:  iv h0/07 
Dated: 
Dated: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
RALD LEFCOt1RTJESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFF 
EPSTEIN 
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EFTA00011399
--- PAGE 15 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 14 of 15 
By signing this Addendum, Epstein asserts and certifies that the above has been read and 
explained to him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the chnifkelions to the Non-
Prosecution Agreement and agrees to comply with than. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: /0 bay 7 
Dated: 
Dated: 
Dated: lik,Paild-
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
IILLY 
CHEZ, 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
EFTA00011400
--- PAGE 16 ---
Case 1:10-cv-21586-ASG Document 1-3 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 15 of 15 
Dec -ti -27 
24:65pa 
Froa-Fowlar -Milts Burnett 
Affirmation 
2057226221 
T-266 
P.D21/024 
F-276 
JefETY I3. Epstein do hereby miff= she Ncoaroseonion Agrees:we esd Addict:es so 
rem de.zd October 30, 2007. 
/7-A 
EFTA00011401


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011402.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011402.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To:I
Cc: 
" 
Subject: RE: This Epstein accuser is 'ecstatic' over Ghislaine Maxwell's arrest 
Date: Sun, 12 Jul 2020 18:32:49 +0000 
It would be helpful to get the complaints in the first instance, thanks, as well as the names of your clients. If you could 
send those early this week? And then we likely can schedule an attorney proffer for later this coming week or the 
following, via phone. 
thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Friday, July 10, 2020 07:20 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: This Epstein accuser is 'ecstatic' over Ghislaine Maxwell's arrest 
Thanks M. What is your thinking on scheduling? We need to clear everything with our client.= can send you the 
Complaint by early next week and we can take it from there. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 8, 2020, at 16:32, 
) < 
> wrote: 
Following up on your email below, I believe our last communication was in January 2020, when you advised us that none 
of your nine clients were interested in speaking with the Government—we're happy to hear that view has changed, at 
least for one of your clients, and we are interested to hear their accounts. At the outset, it would be very helpful for us 
to get some basic threshold information. To help us become familiar with the background, could you please send us the 
lawsuits filed on behalf of your clients? I imagine this is due to my relative unfamiliarity with the New York State online 
filing system, but I haven't been able to locate those filings. 
And then as I mentioned in January, in the first instance, to the extent this is possible, it would be very helpful for us just 
to be provided the names of your client(s)—we would not attempt to contact them outside of our discussions with you, 
of course, but having that information will help us avoid inadvertently approaching individuals who are in fact already 
represented, and would also help us identify to you any particular individual(s) who might be known to us already. 
Once we're able to do a quick review of our current information to gather any relevant information we might already 
have, the most efficient next step is usually an attorney proffer, so we can talk with you about relevant details first, in 
advance of any interviews. 
Thanks again for reaching out, and we look forward to being in touch. 
Best, 
Original Message 
From: 
Sent: Saturday, July 04, 2020 10:01 
To: 
Cc 
Subject: Re: This Epstein accuser is 'ecstatic' over Ghislaine Maxwell's arrest 
EFTA00011402
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thank you for being in touch, we appreciate it, and I expect we will likely be able to reach out to you this coming week. 
Thanks again for following up. 
> On Jul 2, 2020, at 21:01, 
wrote: 
> Dear 
> You previously reached out to me but my client is ready to help. Let me know the next steps. 
> https://nypost.com/2020/07/02/this-epstein-accuser-is-ecstatic-over-ghislaine-maxwells-arrest/ 
> Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00011403


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011404.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011404.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Trials Law360 <news@law360.com> 
To: < 
Subject: Texas Patent Judges Diverge On Pandemic Trial Protocols 
Date: "Cue, 13 Oct 2020 08:00:16 +0000 
cj_aw360 Trials 
TRIALS 
How does your salary stack up to your peers? 
Take our survey. 
Tuesday, October 13, 2020 
Follow Law360 
TOP NEWS 
Feature 
Texas Patent Judges Diverge On Pandemic Trial Protocols 
Two of the busiest patent judges in the country have taken different 
approaches to COVID-19 safety precautions as they've resumed in-person 
jury trials in Texas, with face-covering preferences and scheduling flexibility 
among the biggest points of contrast. 
Read full article » 
J&J Opens Appeal By Assailing 'Radical' $465M Opioid Verdict 
Johnson & Johnson unleashed a sweeping assault on a historic judgment 
ordering it to pay $465 million for sowing the seeds of narcotic painkiller 
addiction in Oklahoma, waming the state's high court that the ruling invites 
limitless litigation against major corporations for public health problems. 
documents attached I Read full article » 
Opioid MDL Bellwether Trial Delayed Amid COVID-19 Fears 
Amid coronavirus concerns, a West Virginia federal judge on Friday 
postponed an eagerly awaited bellwether trial in multidistrict opioid litigation 
shortly before its scheduled start, adding to a series of recent setbacks for 
local governments that blame drug companies for rampant addiction. 
Order attached I Read full article » 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
COVID-19 IP Catch-Up: Moderna Promises & Ed Sheeran 
In this round of intellectual property updates tied to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
Moderna said it would hold off on enforcing certain patents and Ed Sheeran 
said getting to the U.S. for a copyright trial may be impossible, among many 
other litigation updates. 
Read full article » 
EMPLOYMENT & BENEFITS 
US, Ex-IBM Worker Ask DC Circ. To Revive Tipster Suit 
tiLaw360 Rising Stars 
LAW FIRMS 
Bangs McCullen 
Beck Redden 
Blank Rome 
Cleary Gottlieb 
Cooley 
Costello Porter 
Cozen O'Connor 
Cranfill Sumner 
Cravath Swaine 
DLA Piper 
Davis Polk 
Edinger Leonard 
Elliott & Smith 
Epstein Becker Green 
Faegre Drinker 
Fleming Nolen 
Florio Perrucci 
Fogler Brar 
Foliart Huff 
EFTA00011404
--- PAGE 2 ---
The U.S. government and a former IBM employee urged the D.C. Circuit 
during Friday oral arguments to revive a whistleblower suit claiming the 
company coerced the Internal Revenue Service into a $265 million software 
deal. 
Read full article » 
Jury Rejects EEOC Race Bias Suit Against BBQ Joint 
A federal jury in North Carolina has said Joe's Old Fashioned Bar-B-Que Inc. 
was not responsible for a worker's "explosive outburst" and "racial 
comments" against a Black female co-worker, handing a loss to the U.S. 
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. 
Verdict attached I Read full article » 
PRODUCT LIABILITY 
Texas Justices Bounce Back Fen-Phen Atty Malpractice Fight 
The Texas Supreme Court on Friday said a lower court wrongly revived 
claims that an attorney improperly withheld a cut of a Fen-Phen settlement 
he secured for 4,000 former clients, saying the appellate judges' decision 
was based on an incorrect finding he had submitted unauthenticated copies 
of court records. 
Opinion attached I Read full article » 
COMPETITION 
Apple Can Keep Fortnite Banned From App Store For Now 
Apple Inc. can keep Epic Games Inc.'s Fortnite video game out of its App 
Store but must allow Epic's affiliates access to developer tools for other 
applications ahead of a trial scheduled for next year, a California federal 
judge ruled in a mixed decision Friday. 
Order attached I Read full article » 
ENERGY & ENVIRONMENTAL 
Class Says Sunoco Rewriting History To Shake $155M Ruling 
Oklahoma royalty owners accused Sunoco of twisting facts in its attempt to 
get a redo after a federal judge found the company owes $155 million to tens 
of thousands of class members for not automatically paying interest on late 
payments, in a blistering response to the company's motion for a new trial. 
Response attached I Read full article » 
PERSONAL INJURY & MEDICAL MALPRACTICE 
Analysis 
Barrett Med Mal And Injury Rulings Attys Should Know 
During her three-year tenure as a Seventh Circuit judge, U.S. Supreme Court 
nominee Amy Coney Barrett has shown a rigorously by-the-books approach 
to medical malpractice and personal injury cases, including on liability issues 
involving the use of excessive force by police that may one day come before 
the high court. 
documents attached I Read full article » 
Colo. Court Affirms $54M Verdict In Bicyclist Crash Suit 
A Colorado appeals court has upheld a $54 million verdict for a cyclist who 
was hit by two cars, saying the defendant, a temp agency, forfeited a chance 
to cap the award under a state statute. 
Opinion attached I Read full article » 
Calif. Court Affirms $2.7M Auto Collision Verdict 
Freshfields 
Gass Weber 
Gibson Dunn 
Goldstein & Russell 
Gomez Trial Attorneys 
Goodwin 
Greenberg Traurig 
Grubman Shire 
Hogan Lovells 
Hueston Hennigan 
Irell & Manella 
Jenner & Block 
Kaufman Dolowich 
Kirkland & Ellis 
Latham & Watkins 
Levy Firestone 
Littler Mendelson 
Lynn Jackson 
Milbank LLP 
Mintz Levin 
Morgan Lewis 
Morrison & Foerster 
Motley Rice 
Niddrie Addams 
Nix Patterson 
Norton Rose 
O'Melveny & Myers 
Odom Sparks 
Orrick 
Paul Hastings 
Paul Weiss 
Porzio Bromberg 
Quinn Emanuel 
Rumberger Kirk 
Ryan Whaley 
Seyfarth Shaw 
Siebman Forrest 
Skadden 
Spencer Fane 
Stoel Rives 
Van Kampen Law 
Wheeler Trigg 
Whitten Burrage 
Willkie Farr 
WilmerHale 
Winston & Strawn 
Yetter Coleman 
Yurko Salvesen 
COMPANIES 
American Bar Association 
EFTA00011405
--- PAGE 3 ---
A California appeals court has upheld a jury's $2.7 million verdict in a suit 
accusing a motorist of causing a collision and a man's severe back injury, 
saying awards for pain and suffering and lost earnings were backed by 
substantial evidence. 
Opinion attached I Read full article » 
Firm Says Malpractice Suit Too Late Over Severed Leg Case 
Florio Perrucci urged a New Jersey federal court Friday to toss an insurer's 
malpractice suit over firm attorneys' failure to assert certain immunity 
defenses on behalf of state agencies in litigation over a multivehicle collision 
that cost a woman her leg, saying the claims were filed too late. 
Motion attached I Read full article » 
EXPERT ANALYSIS 
The Constitutional Risks In Pandemic-Era Criminal Jury Trials 
Virtual voir dire and other pandemic-prompted modifications to jury selection 
risk curtailing the Sixth Amendment's guarantee that juries represent a fair 
cross-section of the community, making criminal convictions vulnerable to 
constitutional attack, say Karin Portlock and Vinay Limbachia at Gibson 
Dunn. 
Read full article » 
Clients Have The Power To Promote Wellness At Law Firms 
Law firm clients can play a role in lowering mental distress in the legal 
profession by seeking lawyer wellness data from firms and factoring those 
responses into outside counsel hiring decisions, says Jonathan Prokup 
at Cigna. 
Read full article » 
LEGAL INDUSTRY 
Barrett Hearings Begin With Focus On ACA, Faith 
U.S. Supreme Court nominee Amy Coney Barrett spent the first day of her 
confirmation hearings Monday listening as Democrats cast her as a threat to 
the Affordable Care Act and Republicans accused liberals of attacking her 
Catholic faith. 
Read full article » 
Seyfarth Shaw Hit By Ransomware Attack 
Seyfarth Shaw LLP confirmed Monday it had been hit by a cyberattack over 
the weekend, causing the firm to temporarily shut down some of its systems. 
Read full article » 
Analysis 
Beyond The Big Offer: Lateral Partner Pay Pitfalls To Avoid 
Too many prospective lateral partners look only at a firm's offer figure, without 
considering numerous other factors needed to properly vet a compensation 
package before accepting a job, recruiters say. 
Read full article » 
Stoel Rives, Mintz Levin Reverse Pandemic Pay Cuts 
Stoel Rives LLP and Mintz Levin Cohn Ferris Glovsky and Popeo PC on 
Friday became the latest firms to confirm that they will restore salaries to pre-
pandemic levels after several months of cuts. 
Read full article » 
Willkie Hops On Fall Bonus Bandwagon As Other Firms Pass 
American Civil Liberties Union 
AmerisourceBergen Corp. 
Apple Inc. 
Association of Corporate Counsel 
Baretz+Brunelle LLC 
Bridgestone Corp. 
Cardinal Health Inc. 
Chambers and Partners 
Cigna Corp. 
Cisco Systems Inc. 
Deloitte Touche 
Epic Games Inc. 
Finjan Holdings Inc. 
Fordham University 
Fox Corp. 
Georgetown University 
Google Inc. 
II-VI Inc. 
International Business Machines 
Corp. 
Jaguar Land Rover Ltd. 
Johnson & Johnson 
Knights of Columbus USA Inc. 
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim 
Los Angeles Rams 
Major Lindsey & Africa LLC 
McDonald's Corp. 
McKesson Corp. 
Microsoft Corp. 
Moderna Inc. 
Morgan Stanley 
National Collegiate Athletic 
Association 
National Employment Law Project 
National Hockey League 
New York University 
New York Yankees 
Noramco Inc. 
Norfolk Southern Corp. 
Pac-12 Enterprises LLC 
Paypal Holdings Inc. 
Pfizer Inc. 
Purdue Pharma LP 
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
Roku Inc. 
San Francisco 49ers 
San Jose Sharks 
SoFi Stadium 
Social Finance Inc. 
Sony Corp. 
Southern Illinois Healthcare 
EFTA00011406
--- PAGE 4 ---
Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP confirmed Friday that it will be giving U.S. 
associates bonuses at the end of October, becoming the latest firm to match 
the pandemic-related bonuses set forth by Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP as 
others have announced their decisions not to follow suit. 
Read full article » 
Women GCs On When And How To Speak Out 
Mary Smith, vice chair and general counsel of the VENG Group, remembers 
several years ago when an outside counsel planned a dinner meeting with 
senior members of her then-legal department at a private club that did not 
allow women members. 
Read full article » 
In The Trenches Of Sports Law, It's All About The Pandemic 
Todd Davis, vice president for legal affairs for the NFL's Los Angeles Rams, 
said that in his 29 years with the team, he spent maybe 29 minutes on force 
majeure clauses — until this year's COVID-19 crisis. 
Read full article » 
600 Law Students Boycott Paul Weiss For Repping Exxon 
Law students on Friday afternoon delivered a letter to the Manhattan 
headquarters of Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison that was signed by 
over 600 law students pledging to boycott the firm over its continued 
representation of ExxonMobil. 
Read full article » 
Legal Recruiter Drops Fee Suit Against Freshfields 
A Massachusetts executive recruiting firm on Friday dropped its case that 
accused Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer US LLP of refusing to pay millions 
of dollars in fees owed for its work recruiting a successful corporate law 
partner from Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP. 
Read full article » 
Analysis 
Up Next At High Court: When A Shooting Becomes A 'Seizure' 
All eyes will be on Capitol Hill next week for Judge Amy Coney Barrett's 
confirmation hearings, but her would-be colleagues at the U.S. Supreme 
Court will be diving into a key civil liberties case involving the meaning of the 
word "seizure" under the Fourth Amendment and another involving debtors' 
rights. 
Read full article >> 
Supreme Court Extends Phone Hearings Through December 
The U.S. Supreme Court said Friday it would continue holding oral 
arguments via phone through the end of the year because of the coronavirus 
pandemic, a period that includes blockbuster cases on the Affordable Care 
Act, the First Amendment and the special counsel's investigation. 
Read full article » 
GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week 
Shoplet's former top attorney was sentenced to three to nine years in prison 
for stealing millions from the online retailer's PayPal account, and a survey 
found that the pandemic will likely force some law departments to eliminate 
or freeze merit increases in 2021. These are some of the stories in corporate 
legal news you may have missed in the past week. 
Read full article » 
In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360 
For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and 
expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week. 
State Bar of California 
Sunoco LP 
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries 
Ltd. 
The Aerospace Corp. 
The Sports Lawyers Association 
Thomson Reuters Corp. 
VirnetX Holding Corporation 
GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
COPRAC 
Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention 
Central Intelligence Agency 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Internal Revenue Service 
New Jersey Supreme Court 
Occupational Safety and Health 
Administration 
Office of Federal Contract 
Compliance Programs 
Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency 
Oklahoma Supreme Court 
Small Business Administration 
Texas Supreme Court 
U.S. Attorney's Office 
U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
District of Columbia Circuit 
U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
Seventh Circuit 
U.S. Department of Justice 
U.S. Department of Labor 
U.S. Department of Veterans 
Affairs 
U.S. District Court for the District of 
Massachusetts 
U.S. District Court for the District of 
New Jersey 
U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
District of New York 
U.S. District Court for the Middle 
District of Alabama 
U.S. District Court for the Middle 
District of Georgia 
U.S. District Court for the Northern 
District of California 
U.S. District Court for the Southern 
District of West Virginia 
U.S. Senate 
U.S. Supreme Court 
EFTA00011407
--- PAGE 5 ---
Read full article » 
Podcast 
Law360's Pro Say: The Road Ahead For Amy Coney Barrett 
Supreme Court nominee Amy Coney Barrett heads to Capitol Hill next week 
for confirmation hearings that are likely to produce fireworks over health care, 
abortion and the Republican effort to seat a new justice on an expedited 
timeline as the November election looms. On the latest episode of Law360's 
Pro Say podcast, we provide a cheat sheet of what to expect from the 
hearings. 
Read full article » 
JOBS 
Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
Intellectual Property & Technology 
Litigation Associate - MINNEAPOLIS • 2 to 
Years of Experience 
Robins Kaplan LLP 
Minneapolis, Minnesota 
Staff Attorney, Petrochemicals 
Earthjustice 
Washington. District of Columbia 
Boutique LF w! A++ clients seeks Big Law 
partners (NY) 
Schoen Legal Search 
New York, New York 
TEMP ON HOLD Elite multistate litigation 
boutique seeks multiple associates for NY 
office 
Schoen Legal Search 
New York, New York 
Staff Attorney (Portland) 
Duane Morris LLP 
Portland, Maine 
E-Discovery Lead Review Attorney 
Moore & Van Allen. PLLC 
Charlotte, North Carolina 
Big Law Partner w/ 51-5M book for mid 
sized firm 
Schoen Legal Search 
New York, New York 
NYC ELITE FULL SERVICE SMALL FIRM 
SEEKS PARTNERS 
Schoen Legal Search 
New York, New York 
Stellar New home for law partners recently 
turned out by current firm 
Schoen Legal Search 
New York, New York 
Health Care Litigator, Senior Associate or 
Counsel 
Duane Morris LLP 
United States District Court for the 
District of Colorado 
United States District Court for the 
Eastern District of Oklahoma 
United States District Court for the 
Northern District of Ohio 
Not sute if your fine subscribes? Ask your libtarian. 
We hope you found this message to be useful. 
However. if you'd gather no receive future emails of this son, 
you may unsubictibe here. 
Please DO NOT teply to this email. For customo support inquiries. please call *I -646-781-7ICO or visit our Como Us page. 
Privacy Policy. 
Law360 Portfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 19th Street. 5th Floor. New Yotk, NY lOOI I 
EFTA00011408


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011409.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011409.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: ' 
(USANYS) [Contractor]"  
Subject: RE: Call re Epstein responsiveness review 
Date: Tue, 13 Oct 2020 14:35:36 +0000 
No problem at all—thank you so much for taking care of this hard drive issue. If there is anything at all I can do to help get 
a drive out the door, please let me know. We can catch up once that is done. 
Thanks, 
From: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <
Sent: Tuesday, October 13, 2020 10:30 AM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Call re Epstein responsiveness review 
Hello 
Please do not think I forgot about you as I am working on getting this hard drive out the door today. I will give you a call 
back as soon as I can. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, October 13, 2020 9:35 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <
Cc: 
(USANYS) < 
Subject: Re: Call re Epstein responsiveness review 
Thanks very much 
I'll call you at 10am. 
On Oct 13, 2020, at 8:53 AM, 
(USANYS) [Contractor] <
 wrote: 
Good Morning. 
I am available for a call between 9 —11 am this morning and between 12:30 and 2 PM today. Please let me know what 
time works for you. 
Thank you. 
From: 
Sent: Sunday, October 11, 2020 7:54 PM 
EFTA00011409
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
Cc: 
<M
>; 
Subject: Call re Epstein responsiveness review 
Hi=, 
(USANYS) < 
Hope you're having a nice weekend. Is there a time on Tuesday when you would be available for a call to discuss the 
responsiveness review of the Epstein SW returns on Relativity, please? 
I'm available the entire morning if there's a time that would work for you. 
Thanks, 
EFTA00011410


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011411.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011411.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: RE: SDNY NEWS CLIPS, OCTOBER 13, 2020 
Date: Tuc, 13 Oct 2020 15:27:16 +0000 
'nitric-Images: imagc001.png 
thanks 
From 
Subject: FW: SDNY NEWS CUPS, OCTOBER 13, 2020 
Oops, forgot to copy you! 
From 
Sent: ues ay, cto er 1 , 
11:03 AM 
To. 'rtnefs' 
Cc 
Subject: SDNY NEWS CLIPS, OCTOBER 13, 2020 
SDNY PRESS CLIPPINGS 
Mr1KWFJI. 
NYON: ryttpsdatirealyilayetetumembeendiloy-lefftey:gpitHn-maxwell-cost-20201013-InfatliZategIbbilydbfaitiattab1031 
NY post. hftps://nypostcom/2020/10/11/new-photos-show-ghlslolne-maxwell-ot-onthsex-trofficking-event/ 
US NEWS: hfjps://www.ustwws.coranews/top-news/arddes/2020-10-13Ahlslolne-maxwel-to-urnst s-oppeas-See 
mopingA- s 
don-sec
MOTHER JONES: bgasj/www mofhecjnnencam/paihl 
CNN: https://www.cnn.com/2020/10/12/businessfieon-Wock-Jeffrey-epsten-opolio/Itulex.html 
OK: https,:ifigumgculnexonVexdusivetneffferepsteln.withdrew-800k-cosh-orrest/ 
NYT: https://www.nytlines.com/2020/10/13/books/review/whot-tech-colls-thinking-achlondoub.html 
MATTERS OF INTEREST 
POLITICO: bite£'//www politico 
f-ruo-repro 
- 
TELEGRAPH: https://mvw.telegroph.co.ukitechnology/2020/10/12/mkrosoft-tokes-mossive-ryber-akne-network-frors-will-used/
CNN: Ifflpv/Avivw.tnnsom/2020/10/12/Apacilludgekeket-Koter-Ita 
gworywERG: iglu mews moomftwgiosccual
froud-ond-Ineptitude-undermlne-covithrellehmictiatt 
N17: https://www.nytimes.com/2020/10/12/nyreglon/cuomo-coronowlcus-Whodokshutdown.html 
BUZZFEED NEWS: 
yark-owed-marman.tweered.truennentilatorc 
JDSUPRA: hteps://wwwasupro.comilegolnews/roc-deputy-finance-cholt-elott-broldy-29590/7
THE HILL: billLsitthrhilliom/homenewslhouseZ520712-two-ethks-gtoo-calkon-house-to-beglfripmeachinentagssigathabwE 
WAPO: LLtlRvawWwwasbiO9LAOastsaoilpf.RH"/2010/TG/LVdtmocrotl-cooflLCOAL62f1:ttaldO9.-
LiO9.1 
BUFFNEWS: https://buffolonews.cominewsilocolfinexplkoble-pensive-coffins-prepores-for-prison-while-blostIng-prosecuross-Judgelortkle 4:18c0624e-Occo-116-o&itS-ef62S255901.htmf 
BUSINESS INSIDER: https://www.busioessituidacomitalusive-IntenOw-rick-gotes-book-Inuellet-stat-witness-20,70-10 
OREIrenn hups://www.breltbortcom/2020-elertion/2020/10/12ipollok-joe-liklens-disastrous-short-list-for-ottornergenetal-cuomo-yotes-obronu-bhorcoa-wessmon/ 
EFTA00011411
--- PAGE 2 ---
NBC h 
• iv
ngisItsvbv.nbalghtnow.comkrisnelfree-humort-troffkking-oworentis-webinoilortide ec374086-0ccl-lien-803o-fb10O4d2Idthtml 
BARROWS: anpL//www barrontromlortfrinieleurvhe-bank-makes-bold-bw-coll-on-fsd-stoek-S1602C07230 
LDIOLOGY: haps://wpinclexology.comillbrory/dewitospx?g=68349d6cea fe-43d4-oe3e-33o0SJOI feed 
CNN: 
RkMMtfiftan1W11 
EFTA00011412


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011413.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011413.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Supervisory Conflict Check 
Date: Tue, 13 Oct 2020 17:44:50 +0000 
Attachments 
Supervisor_Financial_Interests_Check_COVID_version.pdf 
equested my help in sending this out: 
This should only take around 5 minutes: 
• 
Please review the list of assets on the last page of the attached (criminal or civil, depending on your 
division) and type in the asset code number(s) next to any case of yours that may affect that asset or 
involve a given law firm). (Use Adobe's Type Text Comment tool to type.) 
• 
If you have no hits, please type "nothing to report" at the top of the form. 
• 
Thanks! 
Save the annotated report and email it back to my secretary, Jeanette Grayeb, 
Intern 
U.S. Attorney's Office I SDNY 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10001 
EFTA00011413


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011414.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011414.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Images from Epstein devices 
Date: Wed, 14 Oct 2020 03:26:51 +0000 
Amazing, thank you so much, 
Very, very grateful for the extraordinary effort. 
Best 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New • York 
New York NY 10007 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, October 13, 2020 11:21 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Images from Epstein devices 
Hey 
I was in the office all weekend. I am done with all but 5 or 6 machines. I will be able to get you what I have 
tomorrow afternoon and the remaining as I get them. 
NY CART Coordinator 
On Oct 13, 2020 11:18 PM, 
Hi=, 
wrote: 
Hope you enjoyed the long weekend. I'm checking in to see whether you have a sense of when our office might begin 
receiving copies of the images from all of the Epstein devices from the New York and Virgin Island searches. Any sense of 
timing would be much appreciated. 
Thanks very much,
EFTA00011414
--- PAGE 2 ---
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011415


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011416.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011416.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "MME
IMIE> 
I.
Cc: 
Bcc: 
Subject: MCC discovery letter 
Date: Tue, 13 Oct 2020 21:08:41 +0000 
Embedded: MCC discovety_letter.msg 
Sender: 
Subject: MCC discovery letter 
Message-Id: 
<DM3P110MB0540059862B0F508C7C8FD58ED040@DM3P110MB0540.NAMP110.PROD.OUTLOOK.CO 
M> 
To: 
To: 
Cc: 
EFTA00011416


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011417.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011417.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: FW: Letter 
Date: Wed, 14 Oct 2020 13:26:14 +0000 
Attachments: 2020.10.13_Letter_to_Government_re_Rule_16_and_Brady_Requests.PDF 
Inline-Images: image005.jpg; image006.jpg 
FYI 
From: Christian Everdell 
Sent: Tuesday, October 13, 2020 11:38 PM 
Cc: Mark S. Cohen 
BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
Subject: Letter 
Please see the attached letter. 
Regards, 
Chris 
Christian Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
'N York I Paris I Washington DC 
• Laura Menninger 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only 
the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
review. dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error. please immediately notify 
the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you. 
PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed al: https:/Avww.cohengresser.com/privacy-policy.
EFTA00011417


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011418.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011418.pdf
----------------------------------------
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
October 13, 2020 
BY EMAIL 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
St. Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
Dear 
800 Third Pianos 
New York, NY 10022 
♦1 212 957 7600 phono 
www colsmipossoo corn 
We write on behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, to set forth requests for discovery and 
Brady material. Based on our review of the government's productions of August 5, 2019, August 
13, 2019, and August 21, 2020, we make the following requests for discovery, inspection, and 
copying, in accordance with the guarantees of the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Amendments, Rule 16 
of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, the Federal Rules of Evidence, and such other laws 
and rules as may be applicable. We are still reviewing these productions, as well as the 
government's most recent production of October 2, 2020, and reserve the right to supplement 
these requests as necessary. 
1. We request any oral, written, or recorded statements made by Ms. Maxwell, aside from 
the statements made in prior civil case proceedings that you produced on August 13, 
2020 and the statements made at the time of arrest, which you produced on August 21, 
2020. Fed. R. Crim. P. 16(a)(1)(A), (B). 
2. We request that the government disclose and identify any statements of alleged co-
conspirators that it intends to introduce at trial. 
3. We request any prior criminal records of Ms. Maxwell. Fed R. Crim. P. 16(a)(1)(D). 
4. We request any books, papers, documents, data, photographs, tangible objects, 
buildings or places, or copies or portions of any of these items. Fed R. Crim. P. 
16(a)( I )(E). 
EFTA00011418
--- PAGE 2 ---
October 13, 2020 
Page 2 
a. Based on our review of the discovery, it does not appear that any documents or 
tangible objects were obtained from Ms. Maxwell through a search warrant or a 
search incident to arrest. Please confirm this. 
b. We will schedule a time in the near future to inspect the originals of 
photographs and any other evidence (including documents and tangible objects) 
that have already been disclosed. 
5. We request the results or reports of any physical or mental examination and of any 
scientific test or experiment. Fed R. Crim. P. 16(a)(1)(F). 
6. We request a written summary of any testimony that the government intends to 
introduce at trial under Federal Rules of Evidence 702, 703 or 705, which summary 
must describe the witness's opinions, the bases and reasons for those opinions, and the 
witness's qualifications. Fed R. Crim. P. 16(a)(1)(G). 
7. We request that the government disclose the identities of the individuals identified in 
the indictment as Minor Victims 1-3. 
8. We request that the government disclose the complete birthdays of the individuals 
identified in the indictment as Minor Victims 1-3. 
9. We request all written and oral communications concerning the negotiations relating to 
the Non-Prosecution Agreement ("NPA") signed by Jeffrey Epstein on September 24, 
2007. Such communications include: 
a. All communications between the government — including, but not limited to, 
attorneys and staff at the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of 
Florida, the United States Attorney's Office for Southern District of New York, 
the Department of Justice, state prosecutor's offices, the FBI, and any other 
federal and state investigative agencies — and Mr. Epstein's attorneys. 
b. All communications between and among any government employees including, 
but not limited to, attorneys and staff at the U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of Florida, the United States Attorney's Office for Southern 
District of New York, the Department of Justice, state prosecutor's offices, the 
FBI, and any other federal and state investigative agencies. 
c. Unredacted copies of all emails and other correspondence between the 
government and Mr. Epstein's attorneys concerning the negotiation of the NPA, 
which you previously produced on August 13, 2020. See, e.g., 
SDNY GM 00134069 et seq. 
EFTA00011419
--- PAGE 3 ---
October 13, 2020 
Page 3 
10. We request that the government produce a complete copy of the diary, only seven 
pages of which were produced by the government on August 21, 2020. See 
SDNY GM 00165982-00162988.i
II. We request a complete, unredacted copy of the FBI 302 produced by the government 
on August 13, 2020, bearing Bates numbers SDNY_GM_00114982-00114993. 
12. We request that the government produce all versions and drafts of the book/memoir 
"The Billionaires Playboy Club" produced by the government on August 13, 2020, and 
identify the dates of each version/draft. See, e.g., SDNY_GM_00117607-608, 
00117626-635, 00117637-640, 00117726-727, 00117761-762, 00117836-837 (sample 
list). 
13. We request the following documents and materials related to the individuals identified 
in the indictment as Minor Victims 1-3 and for any other witness who has alleged that 
Ms. Maxwell engaged in or facilitated improper sexual conduct at any time up to the 
present: 
a. All diaries, notes, journals, e-mails, text messages, letters, or other writings by 
these individuals, including but not limited to, all written communications 
between these individuals and Mr. Epstein or Ms. Maxwell; 
b. All travel and immigration records, as well as copies of any passports and travel 
documents; 
c. All school records or other educational records; 
d. All phone records; 
e. All photographs; 
f. All financial records, including all records reflecting any payments or money 
transfers from Mr. Epstein or his associated businesses to these individuals or 
their family members or their counsel; 
g. All police reports or complaints to law enforcement authorities filed by these 
individuals; 
h. Any submissions to the Epstein Victims' Compensation Program made by any 
of these individuals; 
i. All communications between or among these individuals, or between these 
individuals and counsel for any other such individual, including but not limited 
to, emails, text messages, social media posts, and other correspondence; 
j. All public statements made by these individuals concerning Mr. Epstein or Ms. 
Maxwell; 
k. Any record or report of any physical, medical, mental, or psychological 
examination of these individuals; 
We also make this request, as well as Requests 11.16, pursuant to the government's Brady obligations. 
EFTA00011420
--- PAGE 4 ---
October 13, 2020 
Page 4 
I. Any record, report or other document reflecting the use or abuse of alcohol or 
any legal or illegal drug, including marijuana; 
m. All written and oral communications between the government and the attorneys 
for these individuals — including , but not limited to, 
, David 
Boies, Sigrid McCawley, Peter Skinner, Stanley Pottinger, Paul Cassell, 
Spencer Kuvin, and 
(the "Attorneys") — concerning or relating to 
Mr. Epstein and/or Ms. Maxwell. 
14. We request all written and oral communications and other documents concerning any 
meetings between the Attorneys and prosecutors and staff from the United States 
Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York ("SDNY") concerning Jeffrey 
Epstein and/or Ghislaine Maxwell. 
a. This request includes all communications and documents related to any 
meetings that took place in or about 2016 in which certain of the Attorneys met 
with SDNY prosecutors to ask SDNY to initiate a criminal investigation into 
Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell. See New York Daily News, "Manhattan Federal 
Prosecutors Declined to Pursue Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell Case in 
2016: Sources" (Oct. 13, 2020), https://www.rntdailynews.com/new-vork/ny-
jeffrey-epstein-maxwell-case-20201013-jmzh17zdrzdgrbbs7ycobfnszu-
storv.html ; see also 
Relentless Pursuit: My Fight for the 
Victims of Jeffrey Epstein, at 281. 
b. This request also includes all communications and documents related to any 
meetings between any of the Attorneys and SDNY prosecutors and staff 
concerning or relating to Mr. Epstein and/or Ms. Maxwell that took place in or 
about 2018, when the government asserts that it began the SDNY investigation 
into this case (see Dkt. 63), or at any time thereafter. 
15. We request the complete FBI's case file regarding the investigation of 
for obstruction of justice, referenced in the government's production cover 
letter of August 21, 2020. 
16. We request copies of the "82-page pros memo and 53-page indictment" drafted as part 
of the investigation conducted by the Southern District of Florida. See 
SDNY GM 00131226. 
17. We request all e-mails, text messages, letters, or other written communications to or 
from Ms. Maxwell. 
18. We request all medical records or reports concerning Mr. Epstein. 
EFTA00011421
--- PAGE 5 ---
c o er is, 
Page 5 
19. We request all subpoenas and voluntary request for production of documents issued in 
connection with or related to this case, and all evidence obtained by the government by 
subpoena or from voluntary production (to the extent it has not already been produced), 
including information to identify where and how the evidence was obtained. 
20. We request that the government disclose and identify any evidence it intends to 
introduce under Federal Rule of Evidence 404(b) or as background of the conspiracies 
charged in the Indictment. 
21. We request information about the composition of the grand jury that indicted this case, 
including a list of grand jurors, their attendance dates, the reasons for any absence, and 
whether attendance was in person or virtual. 
22. We request that the government disclose whether any persons were present during 
grand jury proceedings other than the grand jurors, witnesses under examination, court 
reporters, and attorneys from the United States Department of Justice. 
Consistent with the requirements of Brady v. Maryland, 373 U.S. 83 (1963) and Kyles v. 
Whitley, 514 U.S. 419, 438 (1995), as well as your own professional obligations, we request that 
the government conduct an affirmative search for, locate, identify, and produce, all documents, 
books, papers, photographs, scientific tests or experiments, tangible objects, written or recorded 
statements, grand jury transcripts and oral statements, reports, memoranda, names, and addresses 
or persons or other evidence or information favorable to the defense as to either guilt or 
punishment, or tends to affect the weight or credibility of the evidence to be presented against Ms. 
Maxwell, or which will lead to evidence favorable to or exculpatory of Ms. Maxwell, including 
but not limited to information which is within the possession, custody, or control of the 
government. Impeachment evidence, as well as exculpatory evidence, falls within Brady's 
definition of evidence favorable to the accused. See United States v. Bagley, 473 U.S. 667 (1985); 
United States v. Agurs, 427 U.S. 97 (1976). We also make the following specific Brady requests: 
I. Exculpatory Evidence: We request all such evidence requested above and evidence 
known to the government which tends to exculpate Ms. Maxwell of the offense 
alleged, including exculpatory statements. This request includes, but is not limited to: 
a. Any statements or written communications made by any witness who has 
alleged that she was sexually abused or assaulted by Mr. Epstein, but has not 
alleged that Ms. Maxwell participated in, was involved in, or facilitated the 
alleged sexual abuse. These include, but are not limited, to, all diaries, notes, 
journals, e-mails, text messages, letters, or other writings by these individuals. 
b. Any evidence suggesting that Ms. Maxwell was not involved in or aware of the 
conduct alleged in the indictment. 
EFTA00011422
--- PAGE 6 ---
October 13, 2020 
Page 6 
c. Any evidence concerning witnesses who have contacted the government or law 
enforcement authorities about alleged sexual abuse by Mr. Epstein or Ms. 
Maxwell who were determined not to be credible. 
d. Any evidence suggesting that any witness who has alleged that she was 
sexually abused or assaulted by Mr. Epstein, with or without the involvement of 
Ms. Maxwell, was not a minor at the time the alleged sexual abuse took place. 
e. All investigative efforts to verify any information provided by any and all 
witnesses, where such efforts were negative. 
f. All discussions with any witness, including law enforcement, that reveal Brady 
information. 
2. Favorable Statements and Witnesses: We request that the government produce any 
witness statements favorable to Ms. Maxwell, and identify the names of any witnesses 
who have information favorable to Ms. Maxwell. This includes any witness who the 
government does not intend to call at trial, but who made a favorable statement 
concerning Ms. Maxwell. 
3. Evidence of Criminal Investigation of Any Government Witness: We request any 
evidence that any prospective witness is under investigation by federal, state or local 
authorities for any criminal conduct. This includes their entire criminal record (both 
arrests and convictions, whether adult or juvenile) and probation reports, supervised 
release, pre-sentence reports, violation reports, intelligence reports and all 
supplementals. 
4. Evidence of Misconduct of Government Agents: We request information about any 
allegation of misconduct of any government agents or attorneys involved in any 
investigation into Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell. 
5. Impeachment Evidence: We request any evidence that may be used to impeach a 
prospective government witness. This request includes, but is not limited to: 
a. Any evidence that any prospective government witness has engaged in any 
criminal act, whether or not resulting in a conviction, and whether any witness 
has made a statement favorable to Ms. Maxwell. 
b. Any information tending to establish that the witness is or was a user of any 
drug or alcohol and any other information which tends to discredit the witness's 
ability to perceive, recollect and/or narrate events. 
EFTA00011423
--- PAGE 7 ---
October 13, 2020 
Page 7 
c. Any information concerning any government witnesses' history of emotional 
disorders and psychiatric or psychological counseling, which may bear on a 
witness's ability to perceive or relate events accurately and truthfully. 
d. Any evidence suggesting that any witness who has alleged that she was 
sexually abused or assaulted by Mr. Epstein, with or without the involvement of 
Ms. Maxwell, had a financial motive or incentive to accuse Mr. Epstein or Ms. 
Maxwell. 
6. Giglio Information: Pursuant to Giglio v. United States, 405 U.S. 150 (1972), we 
request dates and descriptions of any and all considerations or promises (express or 
implied) of consideration given during the course of the investigation by any law 
enforcement officials to or on behalf of any witness the government intends to call at 
trial, or any such consideration or promises expected by any such witness in the future. 
This includes but is not limited to the following: 
a. Rewards, monetary or otherwise; 
b. Employment; 
c. Protection and relocation; 
d. The rejection, dismissal, immunization from prosecution or reduction of any 
federal, state or local offenses charged in the past or present or that might be 
charged in the future; 
e. Reduction of sentence, improvement of custody status or leniency at sentencing 
by making the witnesses' cooperation known to the prosecution, Court, 
probation or parole officer, or other federal, state or local agency or jurisdiction; 
f. Other incidents of cooperation. 
7. Evidence of Bias or Motive to Lie: We request any evidence that any prospective 
government witness is biased or prejudiced against Ms. Maxwell or has a motive to 
falsify or distort his or her testimony. Pennsylvania v. Ritchie, 480 U.S. 39 (1987); 
United States v. Strifler, 851 F.2d 1197 (9th Cir. 1988). 
8. Contradictory Statements: We request all prior contradictory statements of any 
prospective government witness. Giles v. Maryland, 386 U.S. 66 (1967). 
9. Statements Relevant to the Defense: We request disclosure of any statement that may 
be "relevant to any possible defense or contention" that Ms. Maxwell might assert. 
10. We request any other materials or documents not otherwise accounted for in other 
requests herein that arguably reflect the (i) motivation of any government witness to 
cooperate with the prosecution team, (ii) the competency or credibility of the witness, 
or (iii) the witness's bias or hostility against Mr. Epstein or Ms. Maxwell. 
EFTA00011424
--- PAGE 8 ---
October 13, 
Page 8 
Please note that under both Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 16(c) and Brady, the duty 
to disclose is a continuing one, and you must disclose promptly any additional discovery evidence, 
information, or material of which you or any member of the prosecution team become aware. 
In the event that you are unable or unwilling to provide the information and documents 
requested in this letter, please advise us by October 21, 2020, so that we may file any necessary 
motions with the Court. 
Thank you in advance for your attention to these matters. 
Sincerely, 
Is/ Christian Everdell 
Christian R. Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
800 Third Avenue, 21st Floor 
New York New York 10022 
cc: 
Mark S. Cohen, Esq. 
Jeff Pagliuca, Esq. 
Laura Menninger, Esq. 
Bobbi C. Stemheim, Esq. 
EFTA00011425


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011426.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011426.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Fwd: Maxwell appeal 
Date: Wed, 14 Oct 2020 22:39:38 +0000 
Stephen Brown at the News is asking if we can provide any guidance on his questions about 
hearing yesterday and the denial of access for the Office to a civil case file he believes was th 
case. His email is below. 
Jim 
James Margolin 
Chief Public Information Officer 
U.S. Attorney's Office, SDNY 
Begin forwarded message: 
IMP 
From: "Brown, Stephen" < 
Date: October 14 2020 at 5:18:37 PM EDT 
To 
Subjec : 
axwe I appea 
Hi Jim, 
I'm writing a story off of yesterday's Maxwell hearing before the 2nd Circuit. Sorry for late notice, this just came together. 
I'm told that the "Court 2" that denied SDNY access to the case file was Judge Koetl on th 
Can you offer any insight into what differentiates theMcase 
from the 
I'm told Maxwell was deposed in thMcase. 
And I note tha 
Is it fair to say that Koetl's ruling was a fortunate break for Maxwell, 
Thanks, 
Stephen Rex Brown 
Manhattan Federal Court reporter 
NY DAILY NEWS 
ase. 
case? 
are defendants. 
EFTA00011426
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011427


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011428.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011428.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS) [Contractor]" 
To: Montell Figgins aa> 
Cc: ing,
IL
LYS)" 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: U.S. v Thomas, No. 19 Cr 830 - Discovery Production 6 
Date: Wed, 14 Oct 2020 21:17:38 +0000 
Attachments: SDNY_00017772 JAEO).pdf; 2020.10.14_Thomas_Discovery_Lettern
Production_6.pdf 
Counsel, 
Please find attached a letter regarding the Government's production in this case. We are uploading a zip file containing 
the discovery materials to USAfx. Additionally, please find attached one additional page of discovery, which has been 
marked attorney's eyes only. Please contact us with any questions or if you have any difficulty accessing the production. 
Regards, 
Paralegal Specialist 
U.S. Attorney's Office I SDNY 
New York, NY 10007 
Office: 
Cell: 
EFTA00011428


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011429.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011429.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: IMSYS)" 
Cc: 
" 
Subject: FW: Defense powerpoint 
Date: Fri, 24 Sep 2021 18:15:43 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.09.23_GM_defense.pptx 
(USANYS)" 
(USANYS)" 
Hey= and =, 
Apologies for the short notice -- we're trying to finalize the slides ASAP so Sunny has time to print copies before the end of 
the day. Would you mind signing off on this soon if you have a few minutes? 
Thanks, 
From: 
Sent: Friday, September 24, 2021 11:03 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 
Subject: Defense powerpoint 
Hi 
and =, 
Attached is a draft powerpoint to go along with the defense closing. It's mostly just some summary slides, but there are a 
couple exhibits (including a fake photo as 
suggested). 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
New York, New York 10007 
EFTA00011429


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011430.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011430.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "
Il
" alMIE> 
To: ''
I 'l
=la 
Cc: 
" alMIIM>, 
.
USANYS " 
, "Echenbe , Janis(USANYS " 
, . 
(USANYS) 
, 
[Contractor]" 
Subject: RE: Names for tomorrow 
Date: Sat, 25 Sep 2021 15:04:59 +0000 
Attachments: Uncalled witness.docx 
Hi 
This is the additional instruction we'd like to give the jury today. 
Thanks! 
From: 
Sent: Friday, September 24, 2021 6:20 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
>;= E. . 
>; Janis M. .Echenberg ( 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Names for tomorrow 
Hi 
) 
(USANYS) [Contractor] ‹
> 
Below are the names we'd like to run by the prospective jurors in the morning: 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Cora Friedland 
Emily Barnes 
Rachel Greene 
Christina Hake 
Kimberly Savino 
Jane Heinerth 
Thanks, and see you in the morning, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
Saint Andrews Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
EFTA00011430


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011431.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011431.pdf
----------------------------------------
Uncalled Witnesses — Equally Available to Both Sides 
There are people whose names you heard during the course of the trial but did not appear 
to testify. I instruct you that each party had an equal opportunity or lack of opportunity to call 
any of these witnesses. Therefore, you should not draw any inferences or reach any conclusions 
as to what they would have testified to had they been called. Their absence should not affect your 
judgment in any way. 
In a criminal case, however, the law does not impose on the defendant the burden or duty 
of calling any witnesses or producing any evidence. 
EFTA00011431


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011432.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011432.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Witness Immunity 
Date: Mon, 27 Sep 2021 18:08:43 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.09.24_PSEU_Immunity_Formfflat).pdf 
Hi=, 
Thanks very much for reviewing this. I've attached the full application form, which contains this information. If you have 
any questions or if a call would be useful, please let me know. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
From: 
(CRM) <
Sent: Monday, September 27, 2021 2:05 PM 
To: 
Subject: Witness Immunity 
Good afternoon 
I've been assigned your witness immunity request. Could you please email me the information regarding Ms. 
invovlement in the scheme and the information she proffered? I'll turn to your request now. If you 
need to reach me, my contact information is below. Thanks. 
• 
Policy & Statutory Enforcement Unit 
Office of Enforcement Operations 
Criminal Division 
U.S. Department of Justice 
Direct: 
DOJ Cell: 
Office: 
PSEU's Intranet Site - Forms etc. 
EFTA00011432


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011433.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011433.pdf
----------------------------------------
looks 27. Sexy and lots of fun 
sexy half Asian. Big breasts- bar tender wild 
Huge breasts Very wild — one to come to the hotel room 
V pretty wants to leave Sweden — works for Elle mag — 
Plse advise if you want me to pre set up any apts with these girls — time and 
place 
EFTA00011433


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011434.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011434.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
doug.band@gsa.gov 
From: 
"G. Max" <gmaxl@mindspring.com> 
Philip just e mailed me your contact info. 
When we are all back in NY the plan is to do a dinner - we'll have the sluty Spanish girl which will be 
nicely counter balanced by the cool poised Swedish type. 
Let me know when you next go to Europe as I do have some interesting and fun friends that you could 
hook up with. 
Hopefully we will meet up again soon 
Ghislaine 
EFTA00011434


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011435.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011435.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
Gibby <Gibby.Cohen@mindsping.com> 
From: 
"G. Max" <gmaxl@mindspring.com> 
Subject Re: 
Too bad, I am already counting on you 
Gx 
At 12:02 PM 11/6/2001 -0500, you wrote: 
Don't count on me - I'm too old to be counted on... 
Gibby 
At 09:37 AM 11/6/01 -0500, you wrote: 
I am counting on you 
Gx 
At 05:41 AM 11/6/2001 -0500, you wrote: 
Good Morning... 
I returned today to find no suggestions in my emails for JE trainer - still looking -
have a few more rocks still to turn over - but not looking too hopeful... 
Gibby 
At 06:05 PM 11/2/01 -0500, you wrote: 
Your a star - he wants someone to come to the hse. The instructor has to 
be female youngish and attractive otherwise he will loose interest 
rapidly. He is looking for someone who can tone, flex and stretch 
Thanks - 
Your desperately seeking an instructor 
PS 
If you had to rate the top 10 gyms in the city where would they be + any 
masseuses in the same vein as the exercise instructor? 
At 05:56 PM 11/2/2001 -0500, you wrote: 
Where does he want to train in a facility or someone to 
come to the house - does he want a weight training person a 
stretcher/dancer type - give me a little more color and 
logistics and I'll see what I can do... 
Gibby 
At 05:50 PM 11/2/01 -0500, you wrote: 
Gibby I need your help. JE is looking for an 
EFTA00011435
--- PAGE 2 ---
exercise instructor to work out with. He likes, 
well you know what he likes. Plse can you call 
me or let me know if you know of anyone or if 
you can point me to the right direction to go to 
a gym where you know I can meet someone 
who might do the trick 
Thanks 
Gx 
EFTA00011436


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011437.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011437.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
"The Invisible Man" <abx17@dial.pipex.com> 
To: 
"Ghislaine Maxwell (E-mail)" <gmax1@mindspring.com> 
Subject: 
Summer Camp 
Sent 
Thu, 16 Aug 2001 11:09:45 +0100 
I am up here at Balmoral Summer Camp for the Royal Family. Activities take 
place all day and I am totally exhausted at the end of each day. The Girls 
are completely shattered and I will have to give them an early night today 
as it is getting tiring splitting them up all the time! 
How's LA? Have you found me some new inappropriate friends? Let me know 
when you are coming over as I am free from 25th August until 2nd Sept and 
want to go somewhere hot and sunny with some fun people before having to put 
my nose firmly to the grindstone for the Fall. 
Any ideas gratefully received! 
See ya A xxx 
EFTA00011437


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011438.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011438.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
"The Invisible Man" <aace@dial.pipex.com> 
To: 
"'G. Max'" <gmaxl@mindspring.com> 
Subject: 
RE: Re: 
Sent: 
Thu, 28 Feb 2002 06:30:20 -0000 
I am overwhelmed at the kindness and generosity of the offers that are 
being made for me. 
I would love to do them all but fear that there would not be enough 
time! However I am afraid that horses and I do not mix particularly 
well but the trip to see the Lines sounds really interesting. As far as 
food is concerned I am very easy and will fit in with whatever he plans 
and I don't mind what time it is at all. As for girls well I leave that 
entirely to you and Juan Estoban! 
I am going to have more time after tomorrow to know what will happen and 
when in Peru so I will be in touch again on Friday. 
Masses of love A xxx 
Original Message 
From: G. Max (mailto:gmax1@mindspring.com) 
Sent: 28 February 2002 00:30 
To: abx17@dial.pipex.com 
Subject: Fwd: Re: 
>What do you think 
Gx 
From: "Juanesteban Ganoza" <jganoza@terra.com.pe> 
>To: "G. Max" <gmax1@mindspring.com> 
>Subject: Re: 
>Date: Wed, 27 Feb 2002 17:48:10 -0800 
>X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 4.72.3110.1 
>Ok, before we speak on the phone... 
>There are several things we could do on Sunday, depending on what he 
feels 
>like doing: 
>We could ride Peruvian Paso horses in the morning > I would organize a 
small 
>group of friends and get a few horses and go either to the beach or the 
>fields. Then we can go to a nice summer home and do a small / private 
lunch 
>in front of the sea, and at night we can go to a local restaurant. The 
>night time on Sunday is not going to be so "active," as a lot of the 
>restaurants are closed, and on Sunday nites people do not go out much 
except 
>to go to a movie ( so no night club going). 
>Instead of the Peruvian Pasos, we could also organize a Polo game if he 
>plays polo and would rather ride that type of horse. 
>Or we can rent a small plane and go to see the Nazca Lines, and then go 
to 
>another place that is in the area called Paracas and go water-skiing 
EFTA00011438
--- PAGE 2 ---
still 
>in the morning. Paracas is a very special bay for water-skiing, very 
flat 
>in the early morning and very windy latter on. We can then have lunch 
in a 
>very nice private Hacienda near by or come back to Lima to have lunch 
by the 
>sea. Lunches in Lima on the summer time are late, around 3:30 pm or 4 
Pm 
>(after lots of wine and beach). 
>About the girls... how old is he ? I doubt it that he will find 
someone 
>here, but we can try. 
>I am leaving now to go to the gym. I will be back to my office early 
>tomorrow; if you prefer to talk to me tonight you can reach me at my 
mobile 
>(511) 735 2000 
>Besos 
>JE 
EFTA00011439


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011440.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011440.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
"The Invisible Man" <abx17@dial.pipex.com> 
To: 
"'G. Maxwell'" <gmaxl@mindspring.com> 
Subject: 
RE: 
Sent 
Sat, 18 Aug 2001 22:42:18 +0100 
Distraught! 
You probably wouldn't know but I lost my valet on Thursday. He died in his 
sleep. He had been with me since I was 2. I am a little off balance as 
not only has my office been restructured, I have left the RN and now my 
whole life is in turmoil as I have no one to look after me. He was a real 
rock and almost a part of the family. 
If you have any good ideas as to how to get my mind back on track I'd be 
grateful for advice. 
See you real soon... I hope if you are coming over. 
A xxx 
Original Message 
From: G. Maxwell (mailto:gmax1@mindspring.com) 
Sent: 16 August 2001 16:32 
To: abx17@dial.pipex.com 
Subject: 
So sorry to dissapoint you, however the truth must be told. I have only 
been able to find appropriate friends. Will let you know about some church 
meetings on those dates 
Kisses 
Gx 
EFTA00011440


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011441.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011441.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
"The Invisible Man" <aace@dial.pipex.com> 
To: 
"'G. Max'" <gmaxl@mindspring.com> 
Subject: 
RE: 
Sent: 
Sun, 3 Mar 2002 15:27:59 -0000 
Got it I will ring him today if I can. 
Love you A xxx 
Original Message 
From: G. Max (mailto:gmax1@mindspring.com) 
Sent: 03 March 2002 05:36 
To: The Invisible Man 
Subject: 
Thought you would like to see what I sent 
- Have a great time 
Gx 
I just gave Andrew your telephone no. He is interested in seeing the 
Nazca 
Lines. He can ride but it is not his favorite sport ie pass on the 
horses. 
Some sight seeing some 2 legged sight seeing (read intelligent pretty 
fun 
and from good families) and he will be very happy. I know I can rely on 
you 
to show him a wonderful time and that you will only introduce him to 
friends that you can trust and rely on to be friendly and discreet and 
fun. 
He does not want to read about any trip in the papers whom or what he 
saw. 
Call me if you have any questions - otherwise you can expect a very 
English 
sounding gentleman on the phone to call up and say hi. I told him it 
would 
be best if he made his plans directly with you. 
The only part that I am jealous about is that he will get to see you and 
that he will be in Peru and have you as his tour guide for a day 
Besos 
Gx 
EFTA00011441


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011442.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011442.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 330 Filed 08/27/21 Page 1 of 2 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
United States of America, 
—v—
Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant. 
USDC SONY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC  
DATE FILED: 8/27/21 
20-CR-330 (AJN) 
ORDER 
ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: 
On May 11, 2021, the Court informed the parties that it set a tentative trial date for 
November 29, 2021. The Court accordingly requested a jury trial for that date pursuant to the 
COVID rules for centralized jury trial scheduling in the district. The Clerk's Office has now 
confirmed that a jury trial in this case has been scheduled to commence on November 29, 2021. 
This is a firm trial date. When the information is available, the Court will provide courtroom 
location and public access information by separate order. 
Due to space limitations resulting from the SDNY COVID protocols, the Clerk's Office 
has also provided the following dates for administering a juror questionnaire and conducting voir 
dire: November 4, 5, and 12 (questionnaire), and November 16-19 (voir dire). The Court 
intends to use a streamlined questionnaire as much as feasible given all relevant circumstances. 
The parties shall bear this in mind when they discuss and jointly propose a questionnaire and voir 
dire on the schedule outlined below. 
In light of the firm dates discussed above, it is hereby ORDERED that the parties appear 
for a telephone conference to discuss jury selection matters on October 21, 2021 at 12:00 P.M. 
Dial-in information for the parties and for public access will be provided when it is available by 
separate order. 
EFTA00011442
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 330 Filed 08/27/21 Page 2 of 2 
In light of the jury selection dates provided by the Clerk's Office, the Court amends the 
schedule that it set on June 2, 2021 as follows. The parties shall meet and confer and submit a 
joint proposed juror questionnaire and joint proposed voir dire by October 11, 2021. The parties 
shall file a joint proposed charge and verdict sheet, with any differing proposals supported by 
authority or other justification, by October 27, 2021. Any motions in limine must be 
simultaneously filed by October 18, 2021, and any responses to motions in limine are due by 
October 25, 2021. Otherwise, the parties shall continue to follow the schedule that the Court set 
on June 2, 2021. Dkt. No. 297. 
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the parties appear for an in-person pretrial conference 
on November 1, 2021 at 11:00 A.M. Location information and public access information will 
be provided by separate order when available. 
SO ORDERED. 
Dated: August 27, 2021 
New York, New York 
ALISON J. NATHAN 
United States District Judge 
EFTA00011443


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011444.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011444.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
To: 
Subject: Maxwell motions 1 of 3 
Date: Thu, 28 Jan 2021 23:08:35 +0000 
Attachments: 1.25.2021_ Filing_ 1.zip; 2021.1.25_Cover Letter to_Judge_Nathan_re_Pretrial_Motions.pdf 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00011444


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011445.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011445.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A 
EFTA00011445
--- PAGE 2 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 62 Filed 03/18/16 Page 1 of 6 
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 39-1 Filed 03/02/16 Page 2 of 7 
United States District Court 
Southern District Of New York.r 
X 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
Gbislaine Maxwell, 
Defendant. 
X 
15-cv-07433-RWS 
PROTECTIVE ORDER 
Upon a showing of good cause in support of the entry of a protective order to 
protect the discovery and dissemination of confidential information or information which 
will improperly annoy, embarrass, or oppress any party, witness, or person providing 
discovery in this case, IT IS ORDERED: 
1. 
This Protective Order shall apply to all documents, materials, and information, 
including without limitation, documents produced, answers to interrogatories, 
responses to requests for admission, deposition testimony, and other 
information disclosed pursuant to the disclosure or discovery duties created by 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. 
2. 
As used in this Protective Order, "document" is defined as provided in 
FED.R.Civ.P. 34(a). A draft or non-identical copy is a separate document 
within the meaning of this term. 
EFTA00011446
--- PAGE 3 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 62 Filed 03/18/16 Page 2 of 6 
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 39-1 Filed 03/02/16 Page 3 of 7 
3. 
Information designated "CONFIDENTIAL" shall be information that is 
confidential and implicates common law and statutory privacy interests of (a) 
plainti  
and (b) defendant Ghislaine Maxwell. 
4. 
CONFIDENTIAL information shall not be disclosed or used for any purpose 
except the preparation and trial of this case. 
5. 
CONFIDENTIAL documents, materials, and/or information (collectively 
"CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION") shall not, without the consent of the 
party producing it or further Order of the Court, be disclosed except that such 
information may be disclosed to: 
a. attorneys actively working on this case; 
b. persons regularly employed or associated with the attorneys actively 
working on this case whose assistance is required by said attorneys in the 
preparation for trial, at trial, or at other proceedings in this case; 
c. the parties; 
d. expert witnesses and consultants retained in connection ‘Nith this 
proceeding, to the extent such disclosure is necessary for preparation, trial 
or other proceedings in this case; 
e. the Court and its employees ("Court Personnel") in this case; 
f. stenographic reporters who are engaged in proceedings necessarily incident 
to the conduct of this action; 
g. deponents, witnesses, or potential witnesses; and 
EFTA00011447
--- PAGE 4 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 62 Filed 03/18/16 Page 3 of 6 
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 39-1 Filed 03/02/16 Page 4 of 7 
h. other persons by written agreement of the parties. 
6. 
Prior to disclosing any CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION to any person 
listed above (other than counsel, persons employed by counsel, Court 
Personnel and stenographic reporters), counsel shall provide such person with 
a copy of this Protective Order and obtain from such person a written 
acknowledgment stating that he or she has read this Protective Order and 
agrees to be bound by its provisions. All such acknowledgments shall be 
retained by counsel and shall be subject to in camera review by the Court if 
good cause for review is demonstrated by opposing counsel. 
7. 
Documents are designated as CONFIDENTIAL by placing or affixing on them 
(in a manner that will not interfere with their legibility) the following or other 
appropriate notice: "CONFIDENTIAL." 
Discovery material designated 
CONFIDENTIAL shall be identified by Bates number. To the extent practical, 
the respective legend shall be placed near the Bates number. 
8. 
Designation of a document as CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION shall 
constitute a representation that such document has been reviewed by an 
attorney for the designating party, that there is a valid and good faith basis for 
such designation, made at the time of disclosure or production to the receiving 
party, and that disclosure of such information to persons other than those 
permitted access to such material would cause a privacy harm to the 
designating party. 
EFTA00011448
--- PAGE 5 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 62 Filed 03/18/16 Page 4 of 6 
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 39-1 Filed 03/02/16 Page 5 of 7 
9. 
Whenever a deposition involves the disclosure of CONFIDENTIAL 
INFORMATION, the deposition or portions thereof shall be designated as 
CONFIDENTIAL and shall be subject to the provisions of this Protective 
Order. Such designation shall be made on the record during the deposition 
whenever possible, but a party may designate portions of depositions as 
CONFIDENTIAL after transcription, provided written notice of the 
designation is promptly given to all counsel of record within thirty (30) days 
after notice by the court reporter of the completion of the transcript, and until 
the expiration of such thirty (30) days after notice by the court reporter of the 
completion of the transcript, no party or counsel for any such party may share 
the contents of the deposition outside the limitations of this Protective Order. 
10. 
Whenever a party seeks to file any document or material containing 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION with the Court in this matter, it shall be 
accompanied by a Motion to Seal pursuant to Section 6.2 of the Electronic 
Case Filing Rules & Instructions for the Southern District of New York. 
11. 
A party may object to the designation of particular CONFIDENTIAL 
INFORMATION by giving written notice to the party designating the disputed 
information. The written notice shall identify the information to which the 
objection is made. If the parties cannot resolve the objection within ten (10) 
business days after the time the notice is received, it shall be the obligation of 
the party designating the information as CONFIDENTIAL to file an 
EFTA00011449
--- PAGE 6 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 62 Filed 03/18/16 Page 5 of 6 
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 39-1 Filed 03/02/16 Page 6 of 7 
appropriate motion requesting that the Court determine whether the disputed 
information should be subject to the tenns of this Protective Order. If such a 
motion is timely filed, the disputed information shall be treated as 
CONFIDENTIAL under the terms of this Protective Order until the Court rules 
on the motion. If the designating party fails to file such a motion within the 
prescribed time, the disputed information shall lose its designation as 
CONFIDENTIAL and shall not thereafter be treated as CONFIDENTIAL in 
accordance with this Protective Order. In connection with a motion filed under 
this provision, the party designating the information as CONFIDENTIAL shall 
bear the burden of establishing that good cause exists for the disputed 
information to be treated as CONFIDENTIAL. 
12. 
At the conclusion of this case, unless other arrangements arc agreed upon, each 
document and all copies thereof which have been designated as 
CONFIDENTIAL shall be returned to the party that designated it 
CONFIDENTIAL, or the parties may elect to destroy CONFIDENTIAL 
documents. Where the parties agree to destroy CONFIDENTIAL documents, 
the destroying party shall provide all parties with an affidavit confirming the 
destruction. 
13. 
This Protective Order shall have no force and effect on the use of any 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION at trial in this matter. 
EFTA00011450
--- PAGE 7 ---
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 62 Filed 03/18/16 Page 6 of 6 
Case 1:15-cv-07433-RWS Document 39-1 Filed 03/02/16 Page 7 of 7 
14. 
This Protective Order may be modified by the Court at any time for good cause 
shown following notice to all parties and an opportunity for them to be heard. 
13Y THE 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 
3-17-76 
EFTA00011451


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011452.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011452.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
x 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
: 
Cr. 330 (MN) 
x 
MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION UNDER THE DUE PROCESS CLAUSE TO 
SUPPRESS ALL EVIDENCE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT'S SUBPOENA 
TO BOIES SCHILLER AND TO DISMISS COUNTS FIVE AND SIX 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
Laura A. Menninger 
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. 
150 East 10th Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
Phone: 303-831-7364 
Mark S. Cohen 
Christian R. Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
800 Third Avenue New 
York, NY 10022 
Phone: 212-957-7600 
Bobbi C. Stemheim 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
West 19th Street - 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10011 
Phone: 212-243-1100 
Attorneys for Chislaine Maxwell 
EFTA00011452
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
ii 
TABLE OF EXHIBITS 
iv 
INTRODUCTION AND SUMMARY OF THE ARGUMENT 
FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
A. 
The Protective Order in 
v. Maxwell 
B. 
Maxwell's April and July 2016 depositions 
C. 
The Settlement And Boies Schiller's Refusal To Comply With The Protective Order 
D. 
The Government's False Statements To Judge McMahon 
E. 
Judge Netburn Separately Rejects An Identical Gambit By The Government 
ARGUMENT 
A. 
Pursuant To Its Inherent Power, This Court Should Suppress The Evidence Obtained 
From Boies Schiller, And Dismiss Counts Five And Six, Which Are The Fruits Of That 
Evidence 
I. 
The role of protective orders in civil litigation 
2. 
The government circumvented the protective order 
3. 
The government violated due proces • 
4. 
This court possesses the inherent authority to order suppression 
B. 
At A Minimum, This Court Should Order A Hearing At Which Maxwell May Inquire 
Into The Circumstances Surrounding The Government's Misrepresentations To Judge 
McMahon 
CONCLUSION 
Certificate of Service 
EFTA00011453
--- PAGE 3 ---
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
Cases 
Benkovitch v. Gorilla, Inc., No. 2:15-ev-7806 (WJM), 2017 WL 4005452 (D.N.J. Sept. 12, 2017) 
Brown v. Maxwell, 929 F.3d 41 (2d Ck 2019) 
3, 6 
Chambers v. NASCO, Inc., 510 U.S. 32 (1991) 
Chemical Bank v. Affiliated FM Ins. Co., 154 F.R.D. 91 (S.D.N.Y. 1994) 
passim 
Franks v. Delaware, 438 U.S. 154 (1978) 
Giglio v. U.S., 405 U.S. 150 (1972) 
v. Maxwell, 325 F. Supp. 3d 428 (S.D.N.Y. 2018) 
Klein v. Weidner, Civ. No. 08-3798, 2017 WL 2834260 (E.D. Pa. June 30, 2017) 
Manhattan Review LLC v. Ytni, 16 Civ. 0102 (LAK) (JCF), 2017 WL 11455317 (S.D.N.Y. Sept. 
21, 2017) 
Martindeli v. Intl Tel. & Tel. Cotp., 594 F.2d 291 (2d Cir. 1979) 
 12, 13 
S.E.C. v. TheStreet.Com, 273 F.3d 222 (2d Cir. 2001) 
Stewart v. Hudson Hall LLC, 20 Civ. 885 (SLC), 2020 WL 7239676 (S.D.N.Y. Dec. 9, 2020) 12 
United States v. Avellino, 136 F.3d 249 (2d Cir. 1998) 
United States v. Cortina, 630 F.3d 1207 (7th Cir. 1980) 
United States v. Lambus, 897 F.3d 368 (2d Cir. 2018) 
United States v. Paredes-Cordova, No. S I 03 CR. 987DAB, 2009 WL 1585776 (S.D.N.Y. June 
8, 2009) 
United States v. Rajaratnam, 719 F.3d 139 (2d Cir. 2013) 
United States v. Valentine, 820 F.2d 565 (2d Ck. 1987) 
Young v. United States, 481 U.S. 787 (1987) 
ii 
EFTA00011454
--- PAGE 4 ---
Other Authorities 
Norman Mailer, "An Appeal to Lillian Hellman and Mary McCarthy," 5/11/80 New York Times 
Stephen Rex Brown, Manhattan federal prosecutors declined to pursue Jeffrey Epstein and 
Ghislaine Maxwell case in 2016, New York Daily News (Oct. 13, 2020) 
Rules 
Fed. R. Civ. P. 1 
Constitutional Provisions 
U.S. CONST. amend. V 
iii 
EFTA00011455
--- PAGE 5 ---
TABLE OF EXHIBITS 
EXHIBIT A: Civil Protective Order 
EXHIBIT B: 
Protective Order Proposal 
EXHIBIT C: Sealed Affirmation and Application, USAO Ref. No. 2018R01618, 2/5/2019 
EXHIBIT D: Transcript, 3/26/2019 
EXHIBIT E: Transcript, 4/9/2019 
EXHIBIT F: Sealed Order (19 Misc. 149 (CM)), 4/9/2019 
EXHIBIT G: Sealed Memorandum Decision and Order Granting the Government's Application to 
Modify the Protective Order (19 Misc. 149 (CM)), 4/9/2019 
EXHIBIT H: Sealed Order (19-MC-00179 (SN)), 4/16/2019 
EXHIBIT I: Sealed Letter to Judge Netbum, 4/9/2019 
iv 
EFTA00011456
--- PAGE 6 ---
Ghislaine Maxwell moves to suppress all evidence the government obtained from a grand 
jury subpoena it issued to Boies Schiller Flexner LLP and to dismiss Counts Five and Six, which 
are the fruits of that unlawful subpoena. 
INTRODUCTION AND SUMMARY OF THE ARGUMENT 
Counts Five and Six allege that Maxwell committed perjury during two civil depositions 
conducted by Boies Schiller in a defamation action it filed against Maxwell on behalf of one of 
the firm's clients. 
v. Marvell, Case No. 15-cv-7433 (LAP) (S.D.N.Y). A Protective 
Order entered in that case prohibited the parties and their lawyers from sharing confidential 
discovery material (including the two Maxwell depositions) with anyone else, including with the 
government and law enforcement. Faced with that Protective Order, the government issued a 
grand jury subpoena for Boies Schiller's file and instituted an ex parte proceeding before Chief 
Judge McMahon to modify the Protective Order. By proceeding ex parte, the government 
ensured that no one before the court would be able to contest the accuracy of its representations 
in support of its application. 
The government then took full advantage. Judge McMahon, citing this Court's decision 
in Chemical Bank v. Affiliated FM Ins. Co., 154 F.R.D. 91 (S.D.N.Y. 1994), asked the 
government, point blank, whether Southern District prosecutors had previously met with the 
Boies Schiller firm or otherwise "collu[ded]" with that firm in arranging the discovery request. 
The government lawyer assured Judge McMahon that the prosecutors had no idea what was in 
Boies Schiller's file. Indeed, he insisted, there had been no contact whatsoever between Boies 
Schiller and United States Attorney's Office before the government commenced its investigation. 
Nor, said the prosecutor, did Boies Schiller have any role instigating the Maxwell inquiry. 
EFTA00011457
--- PAGE 7 ---
To paraphrase Mary McCarthy's philippic about Lillian Hellman, every word of the 
government's representation was untrue, "including 'and' and `the." The government knew 
what was in the Boies Schiller file; the law firm had provided that information well before the 
investigation began. The government did indeed have previous contact with the firm. And Pomp 
Schiller was instrumental in fomenting the Maxwell prosecution. 
The record is surpassingly clear: But for the government's misrepresentation, witting or 
not, Judge McMahon never would have permitted the circumvention of the civil Protective 
Order, on which Maxwell relied in agreeing to sit for her depositions. This Court therefore has 
both the authority and the duty to suppress the fruits of that misrepresentation, including the 
deposition transcripts and the two perjury counts based on those transcripts. If the Court is 
disinclined to exercise that inherent authority on the present record, Maxwell should be granted a 
hearing to examine the circumstances that resulted in the government's misrepresentations to 
Judge McMahon. 
FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
A. The Protective Order in 
v. Maxwell 
Counts Five and Six of the superseding indictment allege that Maxwell committed 
perjury during two civil depositions taken in 
v. Maxwell, a civil defamation case 
filed in 2015. 
claimed that Maxwell defamed her when Maxwell's attorney-hired 
press agent denied as "untrue" and "obvious lies" 
numerous allegations, over the span 
of four years, that Maxwell had participated in a scheme to cause 
to be "sexually abused 
and trafficked" by Jeffrey Epstein. 
' See Norman Mailer, "An Appeal to Lillian Hellman and Mary McCarthy," 5111/80 New York 
Times. 
EFTA00011458
--- PAGE 8 ---
, a public figure required to prove actual malice, had an uphill battle—even she 
was constrained to acknowledge that many of her public statements were false. Using a time-
honored if unfortunate litigation tactic, her lawyers at Boies Schiller therefore sought to turn the 
lawsuit into a proxy prosecution of Epstein. Not surprisingly, discovery in the case was bitter, 
hard-fought, and wide-ranging. It spanned more than a year and included large document 
productions, many responses to interrogatories, and thirty-some depositions, including 
depositions of 
and Maxwell as well as several third parties. See Brown v. Maxwell, 929 
F.3d 41, 46, 51 (2d Cir. 2019) (explaining that discovery was "hard-fought" and "extensive" and 
noting that the court file, which includes only some of the documents created during discovery, 
totals in the "thousands of pages"). 
sought and obtained a wide variety of private and confidential information about 
Maxwell and others, including information about financial and sexual matters. Brown, 929 F.3d 
at 48 n.22. Given the intimate and highly confidential nature of the discovery exchanged between 
the parties, the district court entered a stipulated Protective Order. See Ex. A. The Protective 
Order included a mechanism for one party to challenge another party's confidentiality 
designation (such a challenge never occurred) and provided that it did not apply to any 
information or material disclosed at trial. (Because the case settled before trial, that sole 
exception to the Protective Order was never triggered.) 
Notably, Boies Schiller sought to add a "law enforcement" exception to the Protective 
Order, doubtless because the firm was eager to enlist the government in its campaign against 
Maxwell. In particular, Boies Schiller proposed to include a provision stating that 
"CONFIDENTIAL information shall not be disclosed or used for any purpose except the 
preparation and trial of this case and any related matter, including but not limited to, 
investigations by law enforcement." Ex. Bil(a)(4) (emphasis supplied). Maxwell flatly rejected 
EFTA00011459
--- PAGE 9 ---
this proposal, and it was never included in the Protective Order. Ex. A.2 To the contrary, the 
order strictly limited the parties' disposition of Confidential Material, including at the conclusion 
of the case. In particular, paragraph 12 of the order provided that: 
[a]t the conclusion of this case, unless other arrangements are agreed upon, each 
document and all copies thereof which have been designated as CONFIDENTIAL 
shall be returned to the party that designated it CONFIDENTIAL, or the parties 
may elect to destroy CONFIDENTIAL documents. Where the parties agree to 
destroy CONFIDENTIAL documents, the destroying party shall provide all parties 
with an affidavit confirming destruction. 
Ex. Al 12. 
B. Maxwell's April and July 2016 depositions 
Relying on the confidentiality protections of the Protective Order, Maxwell declined to 
invoke her privilege against compulsory self-incrimination and agreed to testify at her April 
2016 deposition. In that deposition, 
attorneys asked Maxwell whether "Jeffrey Epstein 
[had] a scheme to recruit underage girls for sexual massages? If you know." Maxwell replied, "I 
don't know what you're talking about." And when asked to "[I]ist all the people under the age of 
that you interacted with at any of Jeffrey's properties," Maxwell responded, "I'm not aware of 
anybody that I interacted with, other than obviously [M
I who was 17 at this point." Count 
Five of the superseding indictment alleges those two answers were false. 
Following the deposition, 
moved to compel Maxwell to answer additional 
intimate and personal questions that she had previously declined to answer. In support of the 
motion, Boies Schiller assured the district court that "[s]uch questions are entirely appropriate in 
the discovery phase of this case, particularly where any answers will be maintained as 
confidential under the Protective Order in this case." 
'This proposal was rejected because of justifiable concerns about the misuse and abuse of this 
information by plaintiff and her lawyers including the selection and misleading leaking of confidential 
material to the media, other false claimants, and the government. 
EFTA00011460
--- PAGE 10 ---
The district court granted the motion. In requiring Maxwell to answer highly intrusive 
questions "relating to [her] own sexual activity" and "her knowledge of the sexual activity of 
others," the court held that Maxwell's "privacy concerns are alleviated by the protective order in 
this case." 
Secure in the belief that the Protective Order would be honored, Maxwell appeared at a 
second deposition. in July 2016. and answered hundreds of pages worth of questions about her 
"own sexual activity" and "her knowledge of the sexual activities of others." From the very first 
question, Maxwell discussed the intimate details of her sexual activity with Epstein, with other 
adult men, with other adult women, the use of sex toys, participation in "threesomes," and a full 
gamut of other sordid sexual topics. She was asked where she had sex, when she had sex, with 
whom she had sex, what types of sexual predilections Epstein had, whether others watched her 
having sex, whether she watched other people having sex, and whether she slept with clothes on. 
She was asked whether Epstein had sex with any number of women, and the names of women he 
might have had sex with. Maxwell was also grilled extensively about massages: when, where, 
what she was wearing, who gave them. 
Count Six of the superseding indictment alleges that Maxwell provided false testimony 
when she testified during her July 2016 deposition that: (1) she could not recall whether sex toys 
or devices were used in sexual activities at Epstein's Palm Beach house; (2) she did not know 
whether Epstein possessed sex toys or devices used in sexual activities; (3) she wasn't aware that 
Epstein was having sexual activities with anyone other than herself when she was with him; and 
(4) she never gave anyone, including Accuser-23, a massage. 
The indictment refers to the accusers as Minor Victim-I, Minor Victim-2, and Minor Victim-3. 
We will refer to them as Accuser-1, Accuser-2, and Accuser-3. 
EFTA00011461
--- PAGE 11 ---
C. The Settlement And Boies Schiller's Refusal To Comply With The 
Protective Order 
In 2017, the parties settled the defamation claim, and the case was dismissed. 
v. 
Maxwell, 325 F. Supp. 3d 428, 436 (S.D.N.Y. 2018), vacated and remanded sub nom. Brown, 
929 F.3d 41. As the district court found, "a significant, if not determinative, factor" in reaching a 
settlement was its confidentiality. Id. at 446. 
After the case was settled and concluded, Maxwell repeatedly invoked Paragraph 12 of 
the Protective Order and demanded that 
either return or destroy all confidential 
information, including her deposition transcripts. Boies Schiller refused. Instead, and 
unbeknownst to Maxwell. Boies Schiller produced some 90,000 pages of discovery material to 
the government, including both of Maxwell's deposition transcripts. 
D. The Government's False Statements To Judge McMahon 
Only in August 2020, after she was indicted in this case, did Maxwell finally learn that 
the government had obtained the Boies Schiller file by grand jury subpoena. Maxwell also 
learned that, to overcome the strictures of the Protective Order, the government had instituted an 
ex parte proceeding before Judge McMahon, Case No. 19-Misc.-149 (CM) (S.D.N.Y). 
Needless to say, neither Maxwell nor her attorneys were given the opportunity to oppose that 
application or to contest the government's representations in support of the application. This was 
all in direct violation of Paragraph 14 of the Protective Order, which provides that the order may 
be modified by the court only "for good cause shown following notice to all parties and an 
opportunity to be heard." Ex. A Y 14 (emphasis added). 
In its ex pane application, the prosecutors professed that they had sought out Boies 
Schiller's file only because "publicly available information regarding the [ 
v. Maxwell] 
EFTA00011462
--- PAGE 12 ---
Litigation, including the complaint and other docketed filings ... appear[ed] to make reference 
to certain subjects relating to the Investigation." That "publicly available information," the 
government claimed, indicated that the Boies Schiller file might "contain information relevant to 
the ongoing Investigation" of Jeffrey Epstein. Ex. C, 4. Nowhere did the government 
acknowledge that Boies Schiller had in fact approached the prosecutors multiple times well 
before the grand jury subpoena issued. 
In March 2019, in the first appearance before Judge McMahon, the Government 
continued this refrain, professing ignorance about what was in Boies Schiller's file or who was 
deposed in the case. The prosecutor defended the subpoena's breadth—which sought all "copies 
of discovery and related materials" in 
v. Maxwell-o n the ground that the government 
simply had too little knowledge of what was in the law firm's files to craft a more narrowly 
tailored subpoena: 
Here, we are essentially unable to significantly narrow the request for information 
in part for exactly the reasons that you describe. We have either little or no 
additional information than the Court does in terms of what materials there are, who 
was deposed, and that is in marked contrast to some of the other cases. 
Ex. D, p 17. For all the government knew, according to the Assistant U.S. Attorney, what he was 
seeking was "page after page of people taking the Fifth." Ex. D. p 19. 
The government appeared a second time before Judge McMahon in April 2019. Ex. E. 
Judge McMahon held that conference for one reason: to learn "about contacts between the 
United States Attorney's Office and the Boies Schiller law firm prior to the issuance of the 
subpoena." Ex. E, p 2. The Assistant U.S. Attorney told Judge McMahon that the government's 
investigation began on either November 30 or December 3, 2018, omitting mention of any 
contacts between Boies Schiller and the government prior to that time: 
In the initial days and weeks of the investigation, we endeavored to identify 
information about the subject of the investigation, including, among other things, 
EFTA00011463
--- PAGE 13 ---
possible victims who we should speak to. In the process of doing so, we identified 
certain counsel that were identified as representing victims or witnesses either in 
public filings or in media reports. Boies Schiller was among those plaintiff 
attorneys. So following the opening of the investigation, we were in touch with 
Boies Schiller, among other plaintiff and witness counsel, in connection with their 
representation of witnesses or victims. 
With respect to Boies Schiller in particular, we quickly came to learn during 
the investigation that they had at the time either active or recently completed civil 
litigation and so asked them, as is our standard practice, told them, I should say, 
that we expected to make document requests. They generally advised us that they 
believed there was a protective order that would govern at least some of the 
materials, and that is why we ultimately made the application to the Court. 
Ex. E, 99 pp 2-3. 
Those representations were false. At the time the government claims it began the 
investigation (late November or early December 2018), its knowledge of the civil case was not 
based exclusively on public filings. It knew that Boies Schiller possessed relevant information 
because the firm had come to the government asking it to open an investigation. In particular, on 
February 29, 2016, AUSA 
met with attorneys from Boies Schiller, who "urged 
o open an investigation of" Epstein and Maxwell!' Then, after Maxwell's two 
depositions, David Boies himself apparently approached the government in the summer of 2016, 
asking "if the Southern District would consider charging Maxwell with perjury." Brown, supra 
n.2. Said Mr. Boies: 
"We were saying to anyone who would listen: We've got clients who were abused. 
Some of them were underage. We have the evidence. There's a whole record that's 
been developed. We can establish beyond any reasonable doubt there was a massive 
sex trafficking ring going on." 
Id. 
Stephen Rex Brown, Manhattan federal prosecutors declined to pursue Jeffrey Epstein and 
Ghislaine Maxwell case in 2016, New York Daily News (Oct. 13, 2020), 
https://www.nydailynews.cominew-yorlc/ny-jeffrey-epstein-maxwell-case-20201013-
jinz117zdrzdgrbbs7yc6bfnszu-stoty.htnal. 
EFTA00011464
--- PAGE 14 ---
At that time, however, the government did not act. Boles "was particularly frustrated by 
the failure to pursue a perjury charge [against Maxwell]," reported one person, who recalled him 
saying, "We have her dead to rights."5 M. All of this contradicts The government's 
representations to Judge McMahon, who specifically asked if the government had any contact 
with Boies Schiller before it issued the subpoena. 
Reassured by the government that no contact had occurred, Judge McMahon modified 
the Protective Order so that Boies Schiller could comply with the subpoena. Ex. F. Judge 
McMahon found that Maxwell could not have reasonably relied on the Protective Order as 
prohibiting Boies Schiller from cooperating with the government. In making this finding, Judge 
McMahon relied on the Assistant U.S. Attorney's misrepresentations, and she distinguished the 
government's subpoena to Boies Schiller from the subpoena at issue in Chemical Bank. Said 
Judge McMahon: 
[T]he ic ting on which Maxwell or anyone else might reasonably have relied is 
that 
or her lawyers would not do what the defendant in Chemical Bank 
did—that is, forward discovery materials in their possession to prosecutors for the 
purpose of fomenting an investigation. But I am not faced with that situation. 
Nothing in this record suggests to me that 
or Boies Schiller had anything to 
do with the Government's decision to convene a grand jury to look into the matters 
that were the subject of the 
Action. On the contrary—the Government has 
advised the Court that it contacted Boies Schiller as part of its search for parties 
who might have been victims in its investigation; and that Boies Schiller told the 
Government that it could not consensually produce at least some documents in its 
files because of the existence of the Protective Order. There is no evidence of 
"collusion," to invoke a term of the moment, and it is quite clear that Boies Schiller 
did not foment the Government's investigation. Moreover, the Assistant United 
States Attorney has represented to this Court that he has no idea what is in Boies 
Schiller's files, and that for all he knows every witness who was deposed stood on 
his/her Fifth Amendment rights and refused to answer questions. 
Ex.G,p21. 
Ms. Maxwell strenuously disagrees with Mr. Boles' comments. We reference them here only to 
show their connection to the perjury counts that the government subsequently charged. 
EFTA00011465
--- PAGE 15 ---
Contrary to the government's misrepresentations, Boies Schiller did foment the 
investigation (or at least it tried to). And the evidence of "collusion" between the government 
and Boies Schiller was ample, tracing to at least early 2016 and precisely designed to have 
Maxwell charged with perjury.° Had Judge McMahon known the truth, she likely would have 
denied the government's application to modify the 
v. Maxwell Protective Order, and the 
government would have been unable to secure a copy of Boies Schiller's ninety-thousand-page 
file, including Maxwell's two deposition transcripts. 
E. Judge Netburn Separately Rejects An Identical Gambit By The 
Government 
Around the same time that Judge McMahon granted the government's ex parte request, 
Magistrate Judge Netbum rejected an identical request from the government in a different civil 
case, Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein, Case No. 17-cv-616 (JGK) (SN). Judge Netburn recognized the 
government's conduct for what it was: an attempt to deprive Maxwell of notice and an 
opportunity to be heard. Ex. H. Indeed, Judge Netbum rebuffed the government even after it 
alerted her to Judge McMahon's order. Ex. I. As Judge Netbum found, the government's 
"abstract concern" about the "secrecy" of its investigation—a concern that exists with any 
investigation and is hardly unique to this case—could not overcome the parties' reasonable 
reliance on the Protective Order or justify the government's secret, ex parte application. Ex. H, p 
6. Judge Netburn also implicitly recognized what Judge McMahon never knew—that Boies 
Schiller was all too eager for the government to investigate and prosecute Maxwell: 
Maxwell has not yet been provided discovery of whether Boies Schiller shared actual sealed 
materials or the contents of sealed materials during its meetings with the United States Attorney's Office 
in 2016. As noted below, the bare minimum that is required here is an evidentiary hearing to probe the 
extent to which Boies Schiller "colluded," in a Chemical Bank sense, with the prosecutor's office. 
EFTA00011466
--- PAGE 16 ---
fl'The extraordinary posture of the case requires the Court to police carefully 
government intrusions into areas of protections agreed to by civil litigants and so-
ordered by the Court. The Government is attempting to side-step these protections 
by serving a subpoena only upon a party who is willing (and perhaps eager) to 
comply with the Government's investigation. 
Ex. H, p 6. 
ARGUMENT 
A. Pursuant To Its Inherent Power, This Court Should Suppress The 
Evidence Obtained From Boies Schiller, And Dismiss Counts Five And 
Six, Which Are The Fruits Of That Evidence 
1. The role of protective orders in civil litigation. 
Protective orders serve a "vital function" in civil litigation. Martindell v. Intl Tel. & Tel. 
Corp., 594 F.2d 291, 295 (2d Cir. 1979). They promote "the `secure the just, speedy, and 
inexpensive determination' of civil disputes, by encouraging full disclosure of all evidence." Id. 
(quoting Fed. R. Civ. P. 1). "If protective orders were easily modified . . . parties would be less 
forthcoming in giving testimony and less willing to settle their disputes." S.E.C. v. 
TheStreet.Com, 273 F.3d 222, 230 (2d Cir. 2001). In particular, as here, "witnesses might be 
expected frequently to refuse to testify pursuant to protective orders if their testimony were to be 
made available to the Government for criminal investigatory purposes in disregard of those 
orders." Martindell, 594 F.2d at 295-96. Parties thus rely on protective orders, and courts strictly 
enforce them. See, e.g., Stewart v. Hudson Hall LLC, 20 Civ. 885 (SLC), 2020 WL 7239676, at 
*2 (S.D.N.Y. Dec. 9, 2020) ("In the Second Circuit, there is a strict standard for modification of 
a protective order entered by a district court." (citation and quotation marks omitted)). 
This case illustrates just how crucial a protective order is. The Maxwell depositions 
sought highly intrusive evidence of the most personal aspects of Maxwell's life. Her sexual 
practices. Her sexual preferences. Her sexual partners. In urging the district court to permit these 
extraordinary intrusions—in what should have been a simple defamation case-Boies Schiller 
EFTA00011467
--- PAGE 17 ---
expressly invoked the assurances of the Protective Order. So did the district court in permitting 
these intrusions and ordering Maxwell to sit for a second deposition. Maxwell likewise relied on 
the Protective Order in choosing to render such intimate details, rather than assert her Fifth 
Amendment privilege as she had every right to do. 
And why shouldn't Maxwell have relied on the Protective Order? The central protection 
in the Order was that none of Maxwell's answers could be disclosed to the government. Boies 
Schiller had expressly sought a law enforcement exception but was rebuffed. Instead, the law 
firm was required either to return the confidential material or, at Maxwell's option, to destroy it. 
Maxwell had every reason to take that assurance seriously, even if Boies Schiller did not. 
2. The government circumvented the protective order. 
Faced with a duly entered Protective Order—which quite deliberately omitted any "law 
enforcement" exception—the government had lawful options to pursue the confidential 
discovery. It could have moved to intervene in the civil case and to amend the Protective Order. 
It could have issued a subpoena for the materials and given Maxwell an opportunity to respond. 
Martindell, 594 F.2d at 294. It could even have applied for a search warrant, assuming 
(counterfactually) that it could show probable cause in support of such a warrant. 
The government did none of those things. Instead. it initiated an ex parte proceeding and 
secured a secret modification of the Protective Order based on material misrepresentations to the 
presiding judge. This was not among the lawful options available to the government. 
It cannot fairly be disputed that Judge McMahon's ruling to amend the Protective Order 
was based on the government's misrepresentations. Immediately before issuing her decision, 
Judge McMahon held a hearing with the sole purpose of asking the prosecutor, point blank, 
about the government's contacts with Boies Schiller. Judge McMahon's stated reason for so 
inquiring was to ensure that the government and Boies Schiller had not coordinated as the parties 
EFTA00011468
--- PAGE 18 ---
had in the Chemical Bank case. In no uncertain terms, Judge McMahon explained why she had 
haled the prosecutor back into court: 
I'll be very up-front with you. I want to make sure I'm not in a Chemical Bank kind 
of situation, so I would like to know about contacts between the United States 
Attorney's Office and the Boies Schiller firm prior to the issuance of the subpoena 
on the subject of your investigation. 
Ex. E, p 2. 
In Chemical Bank, a protective order precluded parties to a civil case from disclosing 
confidential documents to others. 154 F.R.D. at 92-93. Despite this prohibition, counsel for the 
defendant approached the Manhattan District Attorney's Office and suggested that it had 
evidence of criminal violations relating to the case. Id. at 93. A grand jury issued a subpoena, 
and the defendant produced to the government various confidential documents without 
complying with any of the specific procedures or exceptions provided in the protective order. Id. 
Once this collusion came to light, the district court reprimanded the defendant for its "disregard 
of the [protective] order[]" and admonished its behavior as "contrary to the traditions of the Bar 
which dictate that court orders be respected." Id. 
In addressing the government's application here, Judge McMahon specifically asked 
whether Boies N',1;t11t- had acted as the defendant did in Chemical Bank. The prosecutor omitted 
any mention of his office's previous meetings with the firm, and falsely led the court to believe 
that Boies Schiller had not encouraged its investigation. Reassured by the misrepresentations, 
Judge McMahon commented: 
Nothing in this record suggests to me that 
or Boies Schiller had anything to 
do with the Government's decision to convene a grand jury to look into the matters 
that were the subject of the 
Action. On the contrary—the Government has 
advised the Court that it contacted Boies Schiller as part of its search for parties 
who might have been victims in its investigation; and that Boies Schiller told the 
Government that it could not consensually produce at least some documents in its 
files because of the existence of the Protective Order. There is no evidence of 
EFTA00011469
--- PAGE 19 ---
"collusion," to invoke a term of the moment, and it is quite clear that Boies Schiller 
did not foment the Government's investigation. 
Had Judge McMahon known the truth, she likely would not have granted the government's 
application to modify the Protective Order to allow Boies Schiller to comply with the subpoena. 
3. The government violated due process. 
The government's conduct cannot be squared with elemental due process. U.S. CONST. 
amend. V. Pursuant to this guarantee, "[t]he responsibility of a public prosecutor differs from 
that of the usual advocate; his duty is to seek justice, not merely to convict." Young v. United 
States, 481 U.S. 787, 803 (1987). The government engages in misconduct and violates due 
process when it materially misrepresents facts before a court. See United States v. Valentine, 820 
F.2d 565, 570 (2d Cir. 1987) (holding that the government violated due process and reversing 
conviction when the government mischaracterized the substance of grand jury testimony). 
The prosecutor may well have known that his representations to Judge McMahon were 
false (or at best misleading). But the Assistant U.S. Attorney's personal knowledge doesn't 
matter. "An individual prosecutor is presumed . . . to have knowledge of all information gathered 
in connection with his office's investigation of the case." United States v. Avellino, 136 F.3d 249, 
255 (2d Cir. 1998); see also Giglio v. U.S., 405 U.S. 150, 154 (1972) ("The prosecutor's office is 
an entity and as such it is the spokesman for the Government. A promise made by one attorney 
must be attributed, for these purposes, to the Government."). At the barest minimum, a federal 
prosecutor has a duty to check the entire file to ensure that his representations to a federal judge, 
submitted on behalf of the office he serves and under oath, are true and complete. The Assistant 
U.S. Attorney did not discharge that basic function. 
EFTA00011470
--- PAGE 20 ---
4. This court possesses the inherent authority to order suppression. 
Incident to its inherent power to superintend proceedings, this Court has the authority to 
suppress the fruits of the government's misrepresentation. See, e.g., United States v. Cortina, 630 
F.3d 1207, 1214 (7th Cir. 1980) ("The court has inherent authority to regulate the administration 
of criminal justice among the parties before the bar .... [by] exclud[ing] evidence taken from 
the defendant by willful disobedience of law." (citation omitted)); United States v. Iambus, 897 
F.3d 368, 386 (2d Cir. 2018) ("It is within the court's inherent authority to suppress evidence 
gathered unlawfully in order to maintain the integrity of its own proceedings . . . ."); Benkovitch 
v. Gorilla, Inc., No. 2:15-cv-7806 (WJM), 2017 WL 4005452, at *2 (D.N.J. Sept. 12, 2017) 
("District courts have `inherent authority' to impose a variety of sanctions, including ... 
suppression of evidence . . . ."). 
It does not matter that the government made its misrepresentations to Judge McMahon 
and not directly to this Court. "As long as a party receives an appropriate hearing, . . . the party 
may be sanctioned for abuses of process occurring beyond the courtroom . . ." Chambers v. 
NASCO, Inc., 510 U.S. 32, 57 (1991). "Courts have held that inherent authority sanctions may be 
imposed for misconduct in another court where the misconduct is . . . in some way related to the 
case before the sanctioning court." Klein v. Weidner, Civ. No. 08-3798, 2017 WL 2834260, at *6 
(E.D. Pa. June 30, 2017) (citation and alteration omitted); Manhattan Review LLC v. Year, 16 
Civ. 0102 (LAK) (JCF), 2017 WL 11455317, *7 n.3 (S.D.N.Y. Sept. 21, 2017) ("The inherent 
power ... can punish conduct before a different court if it is intimately related to the relevant 
case." (citing Klein, 2017 WL 2834260, at *4)). Here, the government's misrepresentation to 
Judge McMahon was not simply "related" to Counts Five and Six; only by the government's 
deception was it able to obtain the factual predicate for those counts. Accordingly, the Court may 
exercise its inherent authority to suppress that evidence. And it should. 
EFTA00011471
--- PAGE 21 ---
B. At A Minimum, This Court Should Order A Hearing At Which Maxwell 
May Inquire Into The Circumstances Surrounding The Government's 
Misrepresentations To Judge McMahon 
If the Court is disinclined to grant relief on the present record, then at a minimum it 
should hold an evidentiary hearing to probe the government's misstatements to Judge McMahon 
and the extent to which the prosecutor's office had, in fact, coordinated with Boies Schiller prior 
to the issuance of the grand jury subpoena. These factual issues go directly to whether the 
predicate finding for Judge McMahon's ruling—namely, that no Chemical Bank collusion had 
occurred—was mistaken. See, e.g., United States v. Paredes-Cordova, No. SI 03 CR. 987DAB, 
2009 WL 1585776, at *1 (S.D.N.Y. June 8, 2009) ("An evidentiary hearing is normally required 
to address motions to suppress where a factual issue is in dispute."). 
An evidentiary hearing is warranted for an additional reason as well: If it turns out that 
the prosecutor knew (or was reckless in not knowing) that Boies Schiller had previously 
approached his office, both before and after the Maxwell depositions, in an effort to stir up a 
criminal prosecution and dangled the deposition transcripts as a carrot, then suppression would 
be warranted on that basis alone. Cf. Franks v. Delaware, 438 U.S. 154, 155-56 (1978); United 
States v. Rajaratnani, 719 F.3d 139, 146 (2d Cir. 2013) ("Franks instructs a district court to hold 
a hearing to determine whether the alleged misstatements or omissions in the warrant or wiretap 
application were made intentionally or with reckless disregard for the truth and, if so, whether 
any such misstatements or omissions were material."). 
CONCLUSION 
For these reasons, this Court should: (1) suppress all evidence the government obtained 
from Boies Schiller and any other evidence derived therefrom; or (2) suppress the April and July 
2016 depositions and all evidence derived therefrom; and (3) dismiss Counts Five and Six. 
Maxwell requests an evidentiary hearing on this Motion. 
EFTA00011472
--- PAGE 22 ---
Dated: January 25, 2021 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/ Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
Laura A. Menninger 
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. 
150 East 10th Avenue 
Denver, CO 80203 
Phone: 303-831-7364 
Mark S. Cohen 
Christian R. Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
800 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 Phone: 
212-957-7600 
Bobbi C. Stemheim 
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
West 19th Street - 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10011 
Phone: 212-243-1100 
Attorneys for Chislaine Maxwell 
EFTA00011473
--- PAGE 23 ---
Certificate of Service 
I hereby certify that on January 25, 2021, served by email, pursuant Rule 2(B) of the 
Court's individual practices in criminal cases, the Memorandum of Ghislaine Maxwell in Support 
of Her Motion Under the Due Process Clause to Suppress All Evidence Obtained from the 
Government's Subpoena to Boies Schiller and to Dismiss Counts Five And Six upon the 
following: 
U.S. Attorney's Office, SDNY 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
s/ Christian R. Everdell 
EFTA00011474


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011475.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011475.pdf
----------------------------------------
Exhibit B 
EFTA00011475
--- PAGE 2 ---
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
OFFICE OF 
PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY OF REPORT 
Investigation into the 
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida's 
Resolution of Its 2006-2008 Federal Criminal Investigation of 
Jeffrey Epstein and Its Interactions with Victims during the Investigation 
November 2020 
EFTA00011476
--- PAGE 3 ---
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
The Department of Justice (Department) Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR) 
investigated allegations that in 2007-2008, prosecutors in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of Florida (USAO) improperly resolved a federal investigation into the criminal 
conduct of Jeffrey Epstein by negotiating and executing a federal non-prosecution agreement 
(NPA). The NPA was intended to end a federal investigation into allegations that Epstein engaged 
in illegal sexual activity with girls.' OPR also investigated whether USAO prosecutors committed 
professional misconduct by failing to consult with victims of Epstein's crimes before the NPA was 
signed or by misleading victims regarding the status of the federal investigation after the signing. 
I. 
OVERVIEW OF FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
The Palm Beach (Florida) Police Department (PBPD) began investigating Jeffrey Epstein 
in 2005, after the parents of a 14-year-old girl complained that Epstein had paid her for a massage. 
Epstein was a multi-millionaire financier with residences in Palm Beach, New York City, and 
other United States and foreign locations. The investigation led to the discovery that Epstein used 
personal assistants to recruit girls to provide massages to him, and in many instances, those 
massages led to sexual activity. After the PBPD brought the case to the State Attorney's Office, a 
Palm Beach County grand jury indicted Epstein, on July 19, 2006, for felony solicitation of 
prostitution in violation of Florida Statute § 796.07. However, because the PBPD Chief and the 
lead Detective were dissatisfied with the State Attorney's handling of the case and believed that 
the state grand jury's charge did not address the totality of Epstein's conduct, they referred the 
matter to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in West Palm Beach for a possible federal 
investigation. 
The FBI brought the matter to an Assistant U.S. Attorney (AUSA), who opened a file with 
her supervisor's approval and with the knowledge of then U.S. Attorney R. Alexander Acosta. 
She worked with two FBI case agents to develop a federal case against Epstein and, in the course 
of the investigation, they discovered additional victims. In May 2007, the AUSA submitted to her 
supervisors a draft 60-count indictment outlining charges against Epstein. She also provided a 
lengthy memorandum summarizing the evidence she had assembled in support of the charges and 
addressing the legal issues related to the proposed charges. 
For several weeks following submission of the prosecution memorandum and proposed 
indictment, the AUSA's supervisors reviewed the case to determine how to proceed. At a July 31, 
2007 meeting with Epstein's attorneys, the USAO offered to end its investigation if Epstein pled 
guilty to state charges, agreed to serve a minimum of two years' incarceration, registered as a 
sexual offender, and agreed to a mechanism through which victims could obtain monetary 
damages. The USAO subsequently engaged in additional meetings and communications with 
Epstein's team of attorneys, ultimately negotiating the terms of a state-based resolution of the 
federal investigation, which culminated in the signing of the NPA on September 24, 2007. The 
As used in this Report, including in quoted documents and statements, the word "girls" refers to females who 
were under the age of 18 at the time of the alleged conduct. Under Florida law, a minor is a person under the age 
of 18. 
EFTA00011477
--- PAGE 4 ---
NPA required Epstein to plead guilty in state court to the then-pending state indictment against 
him and to an additional criminal information charging him with a state offense that would require 
him to register as a sexual offender—specifically, procurement of minors to engage in prostitution, 
in violation of Florida Statute § 796.03. 
The NPA required Epstein to make a binding 
recommendation that the state court sentence him to serve 18 months in the county jail followed 
by 12 months of community control (home detention or "house arrest"). The NPA also included 
provisions designed to facilitate the victims' recovery of monetary damages from Epstein. In 
exchange, the USAO agreed to end its investigation of Epstein and to forgo federal prosecution in 
the Southern District of Florida of him, four named co-conspirators, and "any potential 
co-conspirators." Victims were not informed of, or consulted about, a potential state resolution or 
the NPA prior to its signing. 
The signing of the NPA did not immediately lead to Epstein's guilty plea and incarceration, 
however. For the next nine months, Epstein deployed his extensive team of prominent attorneys 
to try to change the terms that his team had negotiated and he had approved, while simultaneously 
seeking to invalidate the entire NPA by persuading senior Department officials that there was no 
federal interest at issue and the matter should be left to the discretion of state law enforcement 
officials. Through repeated communications with the USAO and senior Department officials, 
defense counsel fought the government's interpretation of the NPA's terms. They also sought and 
obtained review by the Department's Criminal Division and then the Office of the Deputy Attorney 
General, primarily on the issue of federal jurisdiction over what the defense insisted was "a 
quintessentially state matter." After reviewing submissions by the defense and the USAO, on 
June 23, 2008, the Office of the Deputy Attorney General informed defense counsel that the 
Deputy Attorney General would not intervene in the matter. Only then did Epstein agree to fulfill 
his obligation under the NPA, and on June 30, 2008, he appeared in state court and pled guilty to 
the pending state indictment charging felony solicitation of prostitution and, pursuant to the NPA, 
to a criminal information charging him with procurement of minors to engage in prostitution. 
Upon the joint request of the defendant and the state prosecutor, and consistent with the NPA, the 
court immediately sentenced Epstein to consecutive terms of 12 months' incarceration on the 
solicitation charge and 6 months' incarceration on the procurement charge, followed by 12 months 
of community control. Epstein began serving the sentence that day, in a minimum-security Palm 
Beach County facility. A copy of the NPA was filed under seal with the state court. 
On July 7, 2008, a victim, identified as "Jane Doe," filed in federal court in the Southern 
District of Florida an emergency petition alleging that the government violated the Crime Victims' 
Rights Act (CVRA), 18 U.S.C. § 3771, when it resolved the federal investigation of Epstein 
without consulting with victims, and seeking enforcement of her CVRA rights.2 In responding to 
the petition, the government, represented by the USAO, revealed the existence of the NPA, but did 
not produce it to the petitioners until the court directed it to be turned over subject to a protective 
order; the NPA itself remained under seal in the federal district court. After the initial filings and 
hearings, the CVRA case was dormant for almost two years while the petitioners pursued civil 
cases against Epstein. 
Emergency Victim's Petition for Enforcement of Crime Victim's [sic] Rights Act, 18 U.S.C. Section 3771, 
Doe v. United States, Case No. 9:08-cv-80736-1CAM (S.D. Fla. July 7, 2008). Another victim subsequently joined 
the litigation as "Jane Doe 2." 
EFTA00011478
--- PAGE 5 ---
Soon after he was incarcerated, Epstein applied for the Palm Beach County Sheriff's work 
release program, and the Sheriff approved his application. In October 2008, Epstein began 
spending 12 hours a day purportedly working at the "Florida Science Foundation," an entity 
Epstein had recently incorporated that was co-located at the West Palm Beach office of one of 
Epstein's attorneys. Although the NPA specified a term of incarceration of 18 months, Epstein 
received "gain time," that is, time off for good behavior, and he actually served less than 13 months 
of incarceration. On July 22, 2009, Epstein was released from custody to a one-year term of home 
detention as a condition of community control, and he registered as a sexual offender with the 
Florida Department of Law Enforcement. After victims and news media filed suit in Florida courts 
for release of the copy of the NPA that had been filed under seal in the state court file, a state judge 
in September 2009 ordered it to be made public. 
By mid-2010, Epstein reportedly settled multiple civil lawsuits brought against him by 
victims seeking monetary damages, including the two petitioners in the CVRA litigation. During 
the CVRA litigation, the petitioners sought discovery from the USAO, which made substantial 
document productions, filed lengthy privilege logs in support of its withholding of documents, and 
submitted declarations from the AUSA and the FBI case agents who conducted the federal 
investigation. The USAO opposed efforts to unseal various records, as did Epstein, who was 
permitted to intervene in the litigation with respect to certain issues. Nevertheless, the court 
ultimately ordered that substantial records relating to the USAO's resolution of the Epstein case 
be made public. During the course of the litigation, the court made numerous rulings interpreting 
the CVRA. After failed efforts to settle the case, the parties' cross motions for summary judgment 
remained pending for more than a year. 
In 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Acosta to be Secretary of Labor. At his 
March 2017 confirmation hearing, Acosta was questioned only briefly about the Epstein case. On 
April 17, 2017, the Senate confirmed Acosta's appointment as Labor Secretary. 
In the decade following his release from incarceration, Epstein reportedly continued to 
settle multiple civil suits brought by many, but not all, of his victims. Epstein was otherwise able 
to resume his lavish lifestyle, largely avoiding the interest of the press. On November 28, 2018, 
however, the Miami Herald published an extensive investigative report about state and federal 
criminal investigations initiated more than 12 years earlier into allegations that Epstein had coerced 
girls into engaging in sexual activity with him at his Palm Beach estate.; The Miami Herald 
reported that in 2007, Acosta entered into an "extraordinary" deal with Epstein in the form of the 
NPA, which permitted Epstein to avoid federal prosecution and a potentially lengthy prison 
sentence by pleading guilty in state court to "two prostitution charges." According to the Miami 
Herald, the government also immunized from prosecution Epstein's co-conspirators and 
concealed from Epstein's victims the terms of the NPA. Through its reporting, which included 
interviews of eight victims and information from publicly available documents, the newspaper 
painted a portrait of federal and state prosecutors who had ignored serious criminal conduct by a 
wealthy man with powerful and politically connected friends by granting him a "deal of a lifetime" 
that allowed him both to escape significant punishment for his past conduct and to continue his 
Julie K. Brown, "Perversion of Justice," Miami Herald, Nov. 28, 2018. https://www.miamiherald.com./ 
news/local/article220097825.html. 
111 
EFTA00011479
--- PAGE 6 ---
abuse of minors. The Miami Herald report led to public outrage and media scrutiny of the 
government's actions.' 
On February 21, 2019, the district court granted the CVRA case petitioners' Motion for 
Partial Summary Judgment, ruling that the government violated the CVRA in failing to advise the 
victims about its intention to enter into the NPA.5 The court also found that letters the government 
sent to victims after the NPA was signed, describing the investigation as ongoing, "mislead [sic] 
the victims to believe that federal prosecution was still a possibility." The court also highlighted 
the inequity of the USAO's failure to communicate with the victims while at the same time 
engaging in "lengthy negotiations" with Epstein's counsel and assuring the defense that the NPA 
would not be "made public or filed with the court." The court ordered the parties to submit 
additional briefs regarding the appropriate remedies. After the court's order, the Department 
recused the USAO from the CVRA litigation and assigned the U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Northern District of Georgia to handle the case for the government. Among the remedies sought 
by the petitioners, and opposed by the government, was rescission of the NPA and federal 
prosecution of Epstein. 
On July 2, 2019, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York obtained 
a federal grand jury indictment charging Epstein with one count of sex trafficking of minors and 
one count of conspiracy to commit sex trafficking of minors. The indictment alleged that from 
2002 until 2005, Epstein created a vast network of underage victims in both New York and Florida 
whom he sexually abused and exploited. Epstein was arrested on the charges on July 6, 2019. In 
arguing for Epstein's pretrial detention, prosecutors asserted that agents searching Epstein's 
Manhattan residence found thousands of photos of nude and half-nude females, including at least 
one believed to be a minor. The court ordered Epstein detained pending trial, and he was remanded 
to the custody of the Bureau of Prisons and held at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in 
Manhattan. 
Meanwhile, after publication of the November 2018 Miami Herald report, the media and 
Congress increasingly focused attention on Acosta as the government official responsible for the 
NPA. On July 10, 2019, Acosta held a televised press conference to defend his and the USAO's 
actions. Acosta stated that the Palm Beach State Attorney's Office "was ready to allow Epstein to 
walk free with no jail time, nothing." According to Acosta, because USAO prosecutors considered 
this outcome unacceptable, his office pursued a difficult and challenging case and obtained a 
resolution that put Epstein in jail, forced him to register as a sexual offender, and provided victims 
with the means to obtain monetary damages. 
Acosta's press conference did not end the 
controversy, however, and on July 12, 2019, Acosta submitted to the President his resignation as 
See, e.g., Ashley Collman, "Stunning new report details Trump's labor secretary's role in plea deal for 
billionaire sex abuser," The Business Insider, Nov. 29, 2018; Cynthia McFadden, "New Focus on Trump Labor 
Secretary's role in unusual plea deal for billionaire accused of sexual abuse," NBC Nightly News, Nov. 29, 2018; Anita 
Kumar, 'Trump labor secretary out of running for attorney general after Miami Herald report," McClatchy Washington 
Bureau, Nov. 29, 2018; Emily Peck, "How Trump's Labor Secretary Covered For A Millionaire Sex Abuser," 
Huffington Post, Nov. 29, 2018; Julie K. Brown, et al., "Lawmakers issue call for investigation of serial sex abuser 
Jeffrey Epstein's plea deal," Miami Herald, Dec. 6, 2018. 
Doe v. United States, 359 F. Supp. 3d 1201 (S.D. Fla., Feb. 21, 2019) (Opinion and Order, 9:08.80736-C1V-
Marra). 
iv 
EFTA00011480
--- PAGE 7 ---
Secretary of Labor. In a brief oral statement, Acosta explained that continued media attention on 
his handling of the Epstein investigation rather than on the economy was unfair to the Labor 
Department. 
On August 10, 2019, Epstein was found hanging in his cell and was later pronounced dead. 
The New York City Chief Medical Examiner concluded that Epstein had committed suicide. 
As a result of Epstein's death, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of 
New York filed a nolle prosequi to dismiss the pending indictment against Epstein. 
On 
August 27, 2019, the district court held a hearing at which more than a dozen of Epstein's 
victims—including victims of the conduct in Florida that was addressed through the NPA—spoke 
about the impact of Epstein's crimes. 
The court dismissed the Epstein indictment on 
August 29, 2019. 
After Epstein's death, the federal district court in Florida overseeing the CVRA litigation 
denied the petitioners their requested remedies and closed the case as moot. Among its findings, 
the court concluded that although the government had violated the CVRA, the government had 
asserted "legitimate and legally supportable positions throughout this litigation," and therefore had 
not litigated in bad faith. The court also noted it expected the government to "honor its 
representation that it will provide training to its employees about the CVRA and the proper 
treatment of crime victims," as well as honoring its promise to meet with the victims. 
On September 30, 2019, CVRA petitioner "Jane Doe 1" filed in her true name a petition 
for a writ of mandamus in the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, seeking 
review of the district court's order denying all of her requested remedies. In its responsive brief, 
the government argued that "as a matter of law, the legal obligations under the CVRA do not attach 
prior to the government charging a case" and thus, "the CVRA was not triggered in [the Southern 
District of Florida] because no criminal charges were brought." Nevertheless, during oral 
argument, the government conceded that the USAO had not been "fully transparent" with the 
petitioner and had "made a mistake in causing her to believe that the case was ongoing when in 
fact the NPA had been signed." On April 14, 2020, a divided panel of the Court of Appeals denied 
the petition, ruling that CVRA rights do not attach until a defendant has been criminally charged. 
On August 7, 2020, the court granted the petition for rehearing en banc and vacated the panel's 
opinion; as of the date of this Report, a briefing schedule has been issued, and oral argument is set 
for December 3, 2020. 
II. 
THE INITIATION AND SCOPE OF OPR'S INVESTIGATION 
After the Miami Herald published its investigative report on November 28, 2018, 
U.S. Senator Ben Sasse, Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency 
Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, sent a December 3, 2018 letter to OPR, citing the Miami 
Herald's report and requesting that OPR "open an investigation into the instances identified in this 
reporting of possible misconduct by Department of Justice attorneys." On February 6, 2019, the 
Department of Justice Office of Legislative Affairs advised Senator Sasse that OPR had opened 
EFTA00011481
--- PAGE 8 ---
an investigation into the matter and would review the USAO's decision to resolve the federal 
investigation of Epstein through the NPA.6
After the district court issued its ruling in the CVRA litigation, on February 21, 2019, OPR 
included within the scope of its investigation an examination of the government's conduct that 
formed the basis for the court's findings that the USAO violated the CVRA in failing to afford 
victims a reasonable right to confer with the government about the NPA before the agreement was 
signed and that the government affirmatively misled victims about the status of the federal 
investigation. 
During the course of its investigation, OPR obtained and reviewed hundreds of thousands 
of records from the USAO, the FBI, and other Department components, including the Office of 
the Deputy Attorney General, the Criminal Division, and the Executive Office for U.S. Attorneys. 
The records included emails, letters, memoranda, and investigative materials. OPR also collected 
and reviewed materials relating to the state investigation and prosecution of Epstein. OPR also 
examined extensive publicly available information, including depositions, pleadings, orders, and 
other court records, and reviewed media reports and interviews, articles, podcasts, and books 
relating to the Epstein case. 
In addition to this extensive documentary review, OPR conducted more than 60 interviews 
of witnesses, including the FBI case agents, their supervisors, and FBI administrative personnel; 
current and former USAO staff and attorneys; current and former Department attorneys and senior 
managers, including a former Deputy Attorney General and a former Assistant Attorney General 
for the Criminal Division; and the former State Attorney and former Assistant State Attorney in 
charge of the state investigation of Epstein. OPR also interviewed several victims and attorneys 
representing victims, and reviewed written submissions from victims, concerning victim contacts 
with the USAO and the FBI. 
OPR identified former U.S. Attorney Acosta, three former USAO supervisors, and the 
AUSA as subjects of its investigation based on preliminary information indicating that each of 
them was involved in the decision to resolve the case through the NPA or in the negotiations 
leading to the agreement. OPR deems a current or former Department attorney to be a subject of 
its investigation when the individual's conduct is within the scope of OPR's review and may result 
in a finding of professional misconduct. OPR reviewed prior public statements made by Acosta 
and another subject. All five subjects cooperated fully with OPR's investigation. OPR requested 
that all of the subjects provide written responses detailing their involvement in the federal 
investigation of Epstein, the drafting and execution of the NPA, and decisions relating to victim 
notification and consultation. OPR received and reviewed written responses from all of the 
subjects, and subsequently conducted extensive interviews of each subject under oath and before 
a court reporter. 
Each subject was represented by counsel and had access to relevant 
contemporaneous documents before the subject's OPR interview. The subjects reviewed and 
provided comments on their respective interview transcripts and on OPR's draft report. OPR 
The federal government was closed from December 22, 2018, to January 25, 2019. After initiating its 
investigation, OPR also subsequently received other letters from U.S. Senators and Representatives inquiring into the 
status of the OPR investigation. 
vi 
EFTA00011482
--- PAGE 9 ---
carefully considered the comments and made changes, or noted comments, as OPR deemed 
appropriate; OPR did not, however, alter its findings and conclusions. 
Finally, OPR reviewed relevant case law, statutes, regulations, Department policy, and 
attorney professional responsibility rules as necessary to resolve the issues presented in this case 
and to determine whether the subjects committed professional misconduct. 
As part of its investigation, OPR examined the interactions between state officials and the 
federal investigators and prosecutors, but because OPR does not have jurisdiction over state 
officials, OPR did not investigate, or reach conclusions about, their conduct regarding the state 
investigation.' Because OPR's mission is to ensure that Department attorneys adhere to the 
standards of professional conduct, OPR's investigation focused on the actions of the subject 
attorneys rather than on determining the full scope of Epstein's and his assistants' criminal 
behavior. Accordingly, OPR considered the evidence and information regarding Epstein's and his 
assistants' conduct as it was known to the subjects at the time they performed their duties as 
Department attorneys. Additional evidence and information that came to light after June 30, 2008, 
when Epstein entered his guilty plea under the NPA, did not affect the subjects' actions prior to 
that date, and OPR did not evaluate the subjects' conduct on the basis of that subsequent 
information. 
OPR's investigation occurred approximately 12 years after most of the significant events 
relating to the USAO's investigation of Epstein, the NPA, and Epstein's guilty plea. As a result, 
many of the subjects and witnesses were unable to recall the details of events or their own or 
others' actions occurring in 2006-2008, such as conversations, meetings, or documents they 
reviewed at the times However, OPR's evaluation of the subjects' conduct was aided significantly 
by extensive, contemporaneous emails among the prosecutors and communications between the 
government and defense counsel. These records often referred to the interactions among the 
participants and described important decisions and, in some instances, the bases for them. 
III. 
OVERVIEW OF OPR'S ANALYTICAL FRAMEWORK 
OPR's primary mission is to ensure that Department attorneys perform their duties in 
accordance with the highest professional standards, as would be expected of the nation's principal 
law enforcement agency. Accordingly, OPR investigates allegations of professional misconduct 
against current or former Department attorneys related to the exercise of their authority to 
In August 2019, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis announced that he had directed the Florida Department of 
Law Enforcement to open an investigation into the conduct of state authorities relating to Epstein. As reported, the 
investigation focuses on Epstein's state plea agreement and the Palm Beach County work release program. 
OPR was cognizant that Acosta and the three managers all left the USAO during, or not long after resolution 
of, the Epstein case, while the AUSA remained with the USAO until mid-2019. Moreover, as the line prosecutor in 
the Epstein investigation and also as co-counsel in the CVRA litigation until the USAO was recused from that 
litigation in early 2019, the AUSA had continuous access to the USAO documentary record and numerous occasions 
to review these materials in the course of her official duties. Additionally, in responding to OPR's request for a written 
response, and in preparing to be interviewed by OPR, the AUSA was able to refresh her recollection with these 
materials to an extent not possible for the other subjects, who were provided with relevant documents by OPR in 
preparation for their interviews. 
vii 
EFTA00011483
--- PAGE 10 ---
investigate, litigate, or provide legal advice.' OPR also has jurisdiction to investigate allegations 
of misconduct against Department law enforcement agents when they relate to a Department 
attorney's alleged professional misconduct. 
In its investigations, OPR determines whether a clear and unambiguous standard governs 
the challenged conduct and whether a subject attorney violated that standard. Department 
attorneys are subject to various legal obligations and professional standards in the performance of 
their duties, including the Constitution, statutes, standards of conduct imposed by attorney 
licensing authorities, and Department regulations and policies. OPR finds misconduct when it 
concludes by a preponderance of the evidence that a subject attorney violated such a standard 
intentionally or recklessly. Pursuant to OPR's analytical framework, when OPR concludes that 
(1) no clear and unambiguous standard governs the conduct in question or (2) the subject did not 
intentionally or recklessly violate the standard that governs the conduct, then it concludes that the 
subject's conduct does not constitute professional misconduct. In some cases, OPR may conclude 
that a subject attorney's conduct does not satisfy the elements necessary for a professional 
misconduct finding, but that the circumstances warrant another finding. In such cases, OPR may 
conclude that a subject attorney exercised poor judgment, made a mistake, or otherwise acted 
inappropriately under the circumstances. OPR may also determine that the subject attorney's 
conduct was appropriate under the circumstances.10
IV. 
ISSUES CONSIDERED 
In this investigation, OPR considered two distinct sets of allegations. The first relates to 
the negotiation, execution, and implementation of the NPA. The second relates to the USAO's 
interactions with Epstein's victims and adherence to the requirements of the CVRA. The two sets 
of issues are described below and are analyzed separately in this Report. 
A. 
The Negotiation, Execution, and Implementation of the NPA 
In evaluating whether any of the subjects committed professional misconduct, OPR 
considered whether any of the NPA's provisions violated a clear or unambiguous statute, 
professional responsibility rule or standard, or Department regulation or policy. In particular, OPR 
considered whether the NPA violated standards relating to (1) charging decisions, (2) declination 
of criminal charges, (3) deferred or non-prosecution agreements, (4) plea agreements, (5) grants 
C.F.R. § 0.39a(aX I). OPR has authority to investigate the professional conduct of attorneys occurring 
during their employment by the Department, regardless of whether the attorney left the Department before or during 
OPR's investigation. Over its 45-year history, OPR has routinely investigated the conduct of former Department 
attorneys. Although former Department attorneys cannot be disciplined by the Department, OPR's determination that 
a former Department attorney violated state rules of professional conduct for attorneys could result in a referral to an 
appropriate state attorney disciplinary authority. Furthermore, findings resulting from investigations of the conduct 
of Department attorneys, even former employees, may assist Department managers in supervising future cases. 
In some instances, OPR declines to open an investigation based upon a review of the initial complaint or after 
a preliminary inquiry into the matter. In December 2010, one of the attorneys representing victims in the CVRA 
litigation raised allegations that Epstein may have exerted improper influence over the federal criminal investigation 
and that the USAO had deceived the victims of Epstein's crimes about the existence of the NPA. Pursuant to its 
standard policy, OPR declined to open an investigation into those allegations at that time in deference to the 
then-pending CVRA litigation. 
viii 
EFTA00011484
--- PAGE 11 ---
of immunity, or (6) the deportation of criminal aliens. The potentially applicable standards that 
OPR considered as to each of these issues are identified and discussed later in this Report. OPR 
also examined whether the evidence establishes that any of the subjects were influenced to enter 
into the NPA, or to include in the NPA terms favorable to Epstein, because of an improper motive, 
such as a bribe, political consideration, personal interest, or favoritism. OPR also examined and 
discusses in this Report significant events that occurred after the NPA was negotiated and signed 
that shed additional light on the USAO's handling of the Epstein investigation. 
B. 
The District Court's Conclusion That the USAO Violated the CVRA 
To address the district court's adverse judicial findings, OPR assessed the manner, content, 
and timing of the government's interactions with victims both before and after the NPA was 
signed, including victim notification letters issued by the USAO and the FBI and interviews 
conducted by the USAO. OPR considered whether any of the subject attorneys violated any clear 
and unambiguous standard governing victim consultation or notification. OPR examined the 
government's lack of consultation with the victims before the NPA was signed, as well as the 
circumstances relating to the district court's finding that the USAO affirmatively misled Epstein's 
victims about the status of the federal investigation after the NPA was signed. 
V. 
OPR'S FINDINGS AND CONCLUSIONS 
OPR evaluated the conduct of each subject and considered his or her individual role in 
various decisions and events. Acosta, however, made the pivotal decision to resolve the federal 
investigation of Epstein through a state-based plea and either developed or approved the terms of 
the initial offer to the defense that set the beginning point for the subsequent negotiations that led 
to the NPA. Although Acosta did not sign the NPA, he participated in its drafting and approved 
it, with knowledge of its terms. During his OPR interview, Acosta acknowledged that he approved 
the NPA and accepted responsibility for it. Therefore, OPR considers Acosta to be responsible for 
the NPA and for the actions of the other subjects who implemented his decisions. Acosta's overall 
responsibility for the government's interactions or lack of communication with the victims is less 
clear, but Acosta affirmatively made certain decisions regarding victim notification, and OPR 
evaluates his conduct with respect to those decisions. 
A. 
Findings and Conclusions Relating to the NPA 
With respect to all five subjects of OPR's investigation, OPR concludes that the subjects 
did not commit professional misconduct with respect to the development, negotiation, and 
approval of the NPA. Under OPR's framework, professional misconduct requires a finding that a 
subject attorney intentionally or recklessly violated a clear and unambiguous standard governing 
the conduct at issue. OPR found no clear and unambiguous standard that required Acosta to indict 
Epstein on federal charges or that prohibited his decision to defer prosecution to the state. 
Furthermore, none of the individual terms of the NPA violated Department or other applicable 
standards. 
As the U.S. Attorney, Acosta had the "plenary authority" under established federal law and 
Department policy to resolve the case as he deemed necessary and appropriate, as long as his 
decision was not motivated or influenced by improper factors. Acosta's decision to decline to 
initiate a federal prosecution of Epstein was within the scope of his authority, and OPR did not 
ix 
EFTA00011485
--- PAGE 12 ---
find evidence that his decision was based on corruption or other impermissible considerations, 
such as Epstein's wealth, status, or associations. Evidence shows that Acosta resisted defense 
efforts to have the matter returned to the state for whatever result state authorities deemed 
appropriate, and he refused to eliminate the incarceration and sexual offender registration 
requirements. OPR did not find evidence establishing that Acosta's "breakfast meeting" with one 
of Epstein's defense counsel in October 2007 led to the NPA, which had been signed weeks earlier, 
or to any other significant decision that benefited Epstein. The contemporaneous records show 
that USAO managers' concerns about legal issues, witness credibility, and the impact of a trial on 
the victims led them to prefer a pre-charge resolution and that Acosta's concerns about the proper 
role of the federal government in prosecuting solicitation crimes resulted in his preference for a 
state-based resolution. Accordingly, OPR does not find that Acosta engaged in professional 
misconduct by resolving the federal investigation of Epstein in the way he did or that the other 
subjects committed professional misconduct through their implementation of Acosta's decisions. 
Nevertheless, OPR concludes that Acosta's decision to resolve the federal investigation 
through the NPA constitutes poor judgment. Although this decision was within the scope of 
Acosta's broad discretion and OPR does not find that it resulted from improper factors, the NPA 
was a flawed mechanism for satisfying the federal interest that caused the government to open its 
investigation of Epstein. In Acosta's view, the federal government's role in prosecuting Epstein 
was limited by principles of federalism, under which the independent authority of the state should 
be recognized, and the federal responsibility in this situation was to serve as a "backstop" to state 
authorities by encouraging them to do more. However, Acosta failed to consider the difficulties 
inherent in a resolution that relied heavily on action by numerous state officials over whom he had 
no authority; he resolved the federal investigation before significant investigative steps were 
completed; and he agreed to several unusual and problematic terms in the NPA without the 
consideration required under the circumstances. In sum, Acosta's application of federalism 
principles was too expansive, his view of the federal interest in prosecuting Epstein was too 
narrow, and his understanding of the state system was too imperfect to justify the decision to use 
the NPA. Furthermore, because Acosta assumed a significant role in reviewing and drafting the 
NPA and the other three subjects who were supervisors left the USAO, were transitioning to other 
jobs, or were absent at critical junctures, Acosta should have ensured more effective coordination 
and communication during the negotiations and before approving the final NPA. The NPA was a 
unique resolution, and one that required greater oversight and supervision than Acosta provided. 
B. 
Findings and Conclusions Relating to the Government's Interactions with 
Victims 
OPR further concludes that none of the subject attorneys committed professional 
misconduct with respect to the government's interactions with victims. The subjects did not have 
a clear and unambiguous duty under the CVRA to consult with victims before entering into the 
NPA because the USAO resolved the Epstein investigation without a federal criminal 
charge. Significantly, at the time the NPA was signed, the Department did not interpret CVRA 
rights to attach unless and until federal charges had been filed, and the federal courts had not 
established a clear and unambiguous standard applying the CVRA before criminal charges were 
brought. In addition, OPR did not find evidence that the lack of consultation was for the purpose 
of silencing victims. Nonetheless, the lack of consultation was part of a series of government 
interactions with victims that ultimately led to public and court condemnation of the government's 
EFTA00011486
--- PAGE 13 ---
treatment of the victims, reflected poorly on the Department as a whole, and is contradictory to the 
Department's mission to minimize the frustration and confusion that victims of a crime endure. 
OPR determined that none of the subjects was responsible for communications sent to 
certain victims after the NPA was signed that described the case as "under investigation" and that 
failed to inform them of the NPA. The letters were sent by an FBI administrative employee who 
was not directly involved in the investigation, incorporated standard form language used by the 
FBI when communicating with victims, and were not drafted or reviewed by the subjects. 
Moreover, the statement that the matter was "under investigation" was not false because the 
government in fact continued to investigate the case in anticipation that Epstein would not fulfill 
the terms of the NPA. However, the letters risked misleading the victims and contributed to victim 
frustration and confusion by failing to provide important information about the status of the 
investigation. The letters also demonstrated a lack of coordination between the federal agencies 
responsible for communicating with Epstein's victims and showed a lack of attention to and 
oversight regarding communication with victims. 
After the NPA was signed, Acosta elected to defer to the State Attorney the decision 
whether to notify victims about the state's plea hearing pursuant to the state's own victim's rights 
requirements. Although Acosta's decision was within his authority and did not constitute 
professional misconduct, OPR concludes that Acosta exercised poor judgment when he failed to 
make certain that the state intended to and would notify victims identified through the federal 
investigation about the state plea hearing. His decision left victims uninformed about an important 
proceeding that resolved the federal investigation, an investigation about which the USAO had 
communicated with victims for months. It also ultimately created the misimpression that the 
Department intentionally sought to silence the victims. Acosta failed to ensure that victims were 
made aware of a court proceeding that was related to their own cases, and thus he failed to ensure 
that victims were treated with forthrightness and dignity. 
OPR concludes that the decision to postpone notifying victims about the terms of the NPA 
after it was signed and the omission of information about the NPA during victim interviews and 
conversations with victims' attorneys in 2008 do not constitute professional misconduct. 
Contemporaneous records show that these actions were based on strategic concerns about creating 
impeachment evidence that Epstein's victims had financial motives to make claims against him, 
evidence that could be used against victims at a trial, and were not for the purpose of silencing 
victims. Nonetheless, the failure to reevaluate the strategy prior to interviews of victims and 
discussions with victims' attorneys occurring in 2008 led to interactions that contributed to 
victims' feelings that the government was intentionally concealing information from them. 
After examining the full scope and context of the government's interactions with victims, 
OPR concludes that the government's lack of transparency and its inconsistent messages led to 
victims feeling confused and ill-treated by the government; gave victims and the public the 
misimpression that the government had colluded with Epstein's counsel to keep the NPA secret 
from the victims; and undercut public confidence in the legitimacy of the resulting agreement. The 
overall result of the subjects' anomalous handling of this case understandably left many victims 
feeling ignored and frustrated and resulted in extensive public criticism. In sum, OPR concludes 
that the victims were not treated with the forthrightness and sensitivity expected by the 
Department. 
xi 
EFTA00011487
--- PAGE 14 ---
VI. 
ORGANIZATION OF THE REPORT 
The Report is divided into three chapters. In Chapter One, OPR describes the relevant 
federal, state, and local law enforcement entities involved in investigating Epstein's criminal 
conduct, as well as the backgrounds of the five subjects and their roles in the events in question. 
OPR provides a brief profile of Epstein and identifies the defense attorneys who interacted with 
the subjects. 
In Chapter Two, OPR sets forth an extensive account of events relating to the federal 
investigation of Epstein. The account begins with the initial complaint in March 2005 by a young 
victim and her parents to the local police—a complaint that launched an investigation by local law 
enforcement authorities—and continues through the mid-2006 opening of the federal 
investigation; the September 2007 negotiation and signing of the NPA; Epstein's subsequent 
efforts to invalidate the NPA through appeals to senior Department officials; Epstein's June 2008 
guilty plea in state court; and, finally, efforts by the AUSA to ensure Epstein's compliance with 
the terms of the NPA during his incarceration and until his term of home detention ended in July 
2010. After describing the relevant events, OPR analyzes the professional misconduct allegations 
relating to the decisions made regarding the development and execution of the NPA. OPR 
describes the relevant standards and sets forth its findings and conclusions regarding the subjects' 
conduct. 
Chapter Three concerns the government's interactions with victims and the district court's 
findings regarding the CVRA. OPR describes the relevant events and analyzes the subjects' 
conduct in light of the pertinent standards. 
OPR sets forth the extensive factual detail provided in Chapters Two and Three, including 
internal USAO and Department communications, because doing so is necessary for a full 
understanding of the subjects' actions and of the bases for OPR's conclusions. 
xii 
EFTA00011488


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011489.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011489.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Christian Everdell  
To: II 
III 
' 
" 
(USANYS)" 
Cc: "Mark S. Cohen" 
Bobbi Stemheim 
Jeff Pagliuca 
, "'Laura Menninger" 
Subject: RE: Discovery Requests 
Date: Fri, 29 Jan 2021 20:52:49 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg; image002.jpg 
Thanks for the follow-up. Please send the documents to the FTP link below: 
https://cohengresser.sharefile.com/r-r16397a3bc183400da73b80cbfa69f256 
Also, we are missing the Bates ranges listed below. 
SDNY_GM_00167911 through SDNY_GM_00168477 
SDNY_GM_00168488 through SDNY_GM_00169165 
SDNY_GM_00169184 through SDNY_GM_00169491 
SDNY_GM_00169505 through SDNY_GM_00169735 
We had discussed these ranges several months ago and I believe you had agreed to reproduce them in the 11/9 
production. But we do not appear to have received them. Can you send these ranges via the FTP site as well? 
Thanks, 
Chris 
From: 
[maitto 
Sent: Friday, January 29, 2021 10:31 AM 
To: Christian Everdell; 
(USANYS) 
Cc: Mark S. Cohen; Bobbi Sternheim; Jeff Pagliuca; 'Laura Menninger' 
Subject: RE: Discovery Requests 
Chris, 
Following up on this, we have now prepared all of the items you requested in point 6 below for production to you. Our 
paralegals have sent a copy of the materials to the MDC for your client. Would you like to provide us with an FTP link for 
this production, or would you like us to prepare a CD for you instead? 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011489
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: 
Sent: Monday, January 25, 2021 3:56 PM 
To: 'Christian Everdell' 
lc 
(USANYS) 
Cc: 'Mark S. Cohen' <a 
• 'Laura Menninger' 
Subject: RE: Discovery Requests 
Chris, 
'Bobbi Sternheim' < 
• 'Jeff Pagliuca' 
Following up on point 6 below, our paralegals have re-stamped the materials you identified with a Bates range overlap 
and are prepared to reproduce those materials to you. The materials are small enough to produce via your FTP site. 
Would you like to send us a link to where you would like those materials uploaded? Alternatively, we can load the 
materials to a CD and send it to you. 
We are still waiting to hear back from our vendor about the remaining issues you identified in point 6. 
Thanks, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
From: 
Sent: Sunday, January 17, 2021 10:05 PM 
To: Christian Everdell 
(USANYS) 
Cc: Mark S. Cohen 
>; 'Laura Menninger' 
Subject: RE: Discovery Requests 
Chris, 
Below please find our responses. 
; Bobbi Sternheim < 
Jeff Pagliuca 
1. 
As we have recently discussed, Ms. Maxwell now has access to the 4TB drive containing a full set of the discovery 
produced to date. It took a significant amount of time to create this copy due to the volume of discovery and 
delays on the part of our vendor, who assisted in creating the copy. 
2. 
As we have recently discussed, Ms. Maxwell now has a drive containing the contents of the CD produced on 
November 18, 2020. 
EFTA00011490
--- PAGE 3 ---
3. 
As I conveyed to you over the phone and in a recent email, the materials produced from the Subject Devices all 
contain metadata indicating the "NYC" CART Evidence Number of the device from which each document was 
extracted. In our November 18, 2020 discovery letter, we provided you with a chart setting forth which "NYC" 
CART Evidence Number corresponds with which Subject Device in our warrants. If you still need a detailed index 
of all 1.2 million documents with the specific Subject Device indicated, please let me know, and I will ask one of 
our paralegals to compile one. 
4. 
We produced the FBI report bearing Bates number SDNY_GM_02050812-14 in the form in which it was 
recovered from one of Epstein's devices. In other words, we did not apply any redactions to that document; 
rather, the redactions existed on the document at the time the document was found during the FBI's search of 
Epstein's devices. We are not aware of any legal basis for your request for a log of redactions. If you have any 
legal authority on that point, we would be happy to consider it. As a courtesy, I will note that our office did not 
apply redactions to any material that was identified responsive during the searches of Epstein's devices. 
5. 
We are aware of our discovery obligations, have complied with them, and will continue to comply with them. We 
are not aware of any legal basis for your request that we inform you of what, if any, documents have been 
withheld or the basis for their withholding. If you have any legal authority on that point, we would be happy to 
consider it. As a courtesy, I will note that we have provided you with all records we received from AT&T and all 
records we received from David Rodgers. As to your inquiry about the Bates ranges on the Rodgers documents 
beginning with Bates number "28", I note that the folder containing the Rodgers subpoena returns in our August 
5, 2020 production included two documents. The first (SDNY_GM_00005532-5649) is the document you 
referenced in your email inquiry. The second (SDNY_GM_00005650-5676) is 27 pages long, accounting for the 
first 27 pages of the production from Rodgers. We produced those two documents in the form in which we 
received them. 
6. 
Our paralegals are working on the issues you identified with Bates ranges and metadata load files. I will reach 
back out to you once I have an update on the status of those issues. 
7. 
We do not have a more detailed index of the November 9 and November 18 productions beyond what we have 
provided to you. 
8. 
We are not aware of any legal basis for your request for copies of grand jury subpoenas. Nor are we aware of any 
legal basis for your request that we identify the date range of documents we requested in each subpoena. If you 
have any legal authority for those requests, we would be happy to consider it. 
9. 
The court filings that appear to be referenced in the Daily Beast article you sent are an application for a search 
warrant and a search warrant filed in the District of New Hampshire. We produced both documents to you in 
discovery on August 5, 2020. The DNH judge issued a sealing order in connection with the warrant and 
application. As you can see at Bates No. SDNY_GM_00000621, the sealing order automatically expired on 
December 30, 2020. Our understanding is that the District of New Hampshire unsealed the filing of its own 
accord in conformity with the clear language of that sealing order. Our office took no affirmative steps to unseal 
or otherwise release these filings. 
Best, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011491
--- PAGE 4 ---
From: Christian Everdell < 
Sent: Thursday, January 7, 2021 4:13 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc: Mark S. Cohen 
• 'Laura Menninger' 
Subject: Discovery Requests 
!c
> 
>; 
Bobbi Sternheim c 
> Jeff Pagliuca
We write to raise a number of discovery issues. Please let us know your position on these issues at your earliest 
convenience. 
1. In our email correspondence on 11/18/2020, you agreed to create a new hard drive containing the entire discovery 
production. We provided you with a 4TB hard drive for that purpose on 11/20/2020. It is very important for Ms. 
Maxwell to have this drive as soon as possible to prepare her defense. Do you have an update on when the drive 
will be ready? 
2. We also informed you that the CD produced on November 18, 2020 did not work on the prison computer at the 
MDC (as you know, the laptop provided to Ms. Maxwell does not have a CD drive). Accordingly, we asked you to 
include the material on the CD in the new 4TB hard drive. We followed-up with you about this issue on December 
30, 2020. Given that the new hard drive is still not ready, we ask that you download the material on the CD onto 
a separate thumb drive or hard drive and provide it as quickly as possible to Ms. Maxwell at the MDC so that she 
can review the materials this weekend. Alternatively, you can provide an external CD drive to Ms. Maxwell at 
the MDC so that she can read the files on the MDC computer. We will provide whatever media device you 
require to facilitate this production. 
3. Unlike the November 9, 2020 discovery cover letter, the November 18, 2020 discovery cover letter (attached) does 
not correlate the Bates numbers to the particular "Subject Device" from which the documents were recovered. 
Instead, the cover letter indicates that the documents came from "SDNY_PROD015" or "SDNY_PROD016." We do 
not know what those terms refer to. We request that the government produce a list that correlates the Bates 
numbers for all of the documents in SDNY_PROD015 and SDNY_PROD016 to the particular devices from which the 
documents were recovered. 
4. We request that the government provide an unredacted version of the FBI report, dated December 6, 2006, 
bearing Bates number SDNY_GM_02050812-14 (attached). We also request that the government produce a log 
identifying all of the redacted documents in the discovery and the bases for each of the redactions. 
5. There are a few documents that seem to be missing from the discovery. For example, the AT&T documents 
(SDNY_GM_00001015-3637) do not seem to include subscriber information for the various phone numbers. Also, 
the flight logs produced by David Rodgers begin at Bates number "Rodgers000028," suggesting that 
Rodgers000001-000027 were not produced to us. Please produce these documents to us or provide an 
explanation why you are not producing them to us. Please confirm whether there are other documents that were 
removed from the grand jury subpoena productions that we have not yet identified and the basis for their removal. 
6. There are a few Bates number/metadata issues with some of the documents: 
a. There is an overlap between the fourth and fifth document productions. The fourth production ends at 
SDNY_GM_00328863, the fifth production begins at SDNY_GM_00328070. We propose renumbering the 
range from the fifth production (i.e., renumber SDNY_GM_00328070-328863). 
EFTA00011492
--- PAGE 5 ---
b. The metadata load files (*.DAT) for PROD011 had a number of gaps which are detailed in the attached Excel 
file. We propose that you send us a new DAT file covering only the missing documents. 
c. The metadata load files (*.DAT) for PROD015 had a gap from SDNY_GM_00723971 to SDNY_GM_00723981. 
We propose that you send us a new DAT file covering only the missing documents. 
7. To the extent that the government has created an index of the documents produced on November 9 and 
November 18 that is more detailed than the production cover letters, we request that you provide a copy to the 
defense. 
8. We request that the government provide copies of the grand jury subpoenas for documents issued by the 
government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. 
There is one other issue we'd like to raise. An article in the Daily Beast on Monday referenced the search warrant affidavit 
for the cell-site simulator used to track Ms. Maxwell's cellphone before her arrest (https://www.thedailybeast.com/how-
the-fbi-tracked-down-ghislaine-maxwell-alleged-madam-of-jeffrey-epstein). The article stated that the affidavit appeared 
in a "newly unsealed court filing." I don't recall this affidavit being unsealed or referenced in anything that was filed on 
the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affidavit or any other materials from the 
criminal discovery, and whether any discovery materials were released pursuant to FOIA requests. 
Regards, 
Chris 
Christian R Everdell 
COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
I view bio 
www.cohengresser.com 
New York I Paris I Washington DC I London 
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only 
the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
review. dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error. please immediately notify 
the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you. 
PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed a! Mps:/Avvow.cohenoresser.com/privact-policx
EFTA00011493


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011494.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011494.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To:'
Cc: 
Bcc: "USAHUB-USAJournal111" <
IMINE> 
Subject: Re: OPR Epstein Final Report 
Date: Fri, 29 Jan 2021 22:33:12 +0000 
Embedded: Re:_OPR Epstein_Final_Report.msg 
Sender: 
Subject: Re: OPR Epstein Final Report 
Messa 
<78942A34-AB70-45F7-9B8D-31EBF8377A48@usa.doj.gov> 
To: 
Cc: 
EFTA00011494


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011495.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011495.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: OPR Epstein Final Report 
Date: Fri, 29 Jan 2021 22:33:11 +0000 
Hi 
- I hope this finds you well. Do you have some time to connect early next week on this matter? If 
there's a good time Monday morning, in particular, please let us know. Thanks, 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 12, 2020, at 10:06 AM, 
OPR) wrote: 
Attached please find OPR's final Report in the Jeffrey Epstein matter, and a transmittal letter. 
EFTA00011495


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011496.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011496.pdf
----------------------------------------
M
iMil igirVr4-Jnialentii.4 
Filed 06/16/21 Page 1 of 1 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
JANE DOE 
Plaintiff, 
- against - 
DARREN K. INDYKE, ET AL. 
Defendants. 
USDC SDNY 
DOCUMENT 
ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
DOC# 
DATE FILED: 1,21/, ..:19j 
cv 484 (JGK) 
ORDER 
JOHN G. KOELTL, District Judge: 
Defendant, Ghislane Maxwell, seeks to have her costs in the 
amount of $13.70 taxed against the plaintiff because the 
plaintiff dismissed this action with prejudice against Ms. 
Maxwell. The Clerk declined to tax costs because the plaintiff 
disputed whether Ms. Maxwell was a prevailing party. This Court 
previously found that Ms. Maxwell was a prevailing party. See 
ECF No. 98 at 5. By letter dated June 10, 2021, ECF. No. 113, 
counsel for the plaintiff indicated that if the Court is 
inclined to grant Ms. Maxwell's request, the plaintiff will send 
the plaintiff the $13.70. Because Ms. Maxwell is the prevailing 
party, the plaintiff should pay the costs in the amount of 
$13.70. 
SO ORDERED. 
Dated: 
New York, New York 
June 16, 2021 
a (1
John G. Koeltl 
United States District Judge 
EFTA00011496


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011497.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011497.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
< 
To: 
(USANYS) [Contractor]"  
Cc: 'a..
aras
in....
1YS"
,
Subject: RE: Maxwell testifying witness 3500 
Date: Mon, 21 Jun 2021 13:59:16 +0000 
Thanks! 
From: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] < 
Sent: Monday, June 21, 2021 8:56 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
•fl; 
Subject: RE: Maxwell testifying witness 3500 
These materials are all set as well. 
From: 
Sent: Sunday, June 20, 2021 4:37 PM 
To: 
(USANYS) [Contractor] 
Cc: 
<
)'; 
I < 
Subject: Maxwell testifying witness 3500 
> 
(USANYS) < 
Hi 
(USANYS) < 
b; 
Would you please save the attached pdfs in the respective witness and 3500 folders for the testifying witnesses in each 
pdf's file name on the Epstein share drive? 
Thanks, 
EFTA00011497


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011498.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011498.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "S(USANYS)" ‹
> 
To: " 
USANYS 
<a... 
S " 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: 2020-09-28 GM letter to Judge Nathan re discovery from other agencies v2Edocx 
Date: Wed, 30 Sep 2020 15:09:49 +0000 
Attachments: 2020-09-28_GM _letter to_Judge_Nathan_re_discovery_ftom_other_agencies_v2...docx 
Let me know if you have any thoughts? 
EFTA00011498


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011499.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011499.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Subject: RE: USVI AG 
Date: Wed, 30 Sep 2020 20:18:58 +0000 
Embedded: RE:_USVI_AG.msg 
Sender: 
Subject: RE: USVI AG 
Message-Id: 
<CY1P110MB048672F5D86F98761FC45EB884330@CY 1 PlI0MB0486.NAMP110.PROD.OUTLOOK.COM 
To: 
To: 
Cc: 
Cc: 
EFTA00011499


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011500.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011500.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 01 Oct 2020 19:27:20 +0000 
Attachments: 2020-10-01,_GM,_16(d)Jetter.docx; 2020-10-01,_GM,_affidavit_of certification.docx 
• • 
e er 
Chiefs, 
Attached for review is a public version of the 16(d) letter in Maxwell and a Local Rule 16.1 affidavit. 
Thanks, 
EFTA00011500


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011501.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011501.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
(USANYS)" <I 
Cc: 
SANYS 
(USANYS)" < 
[Contractor]" 
Subject: RE: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
Date: Tue, 25 Aug 2020 13:30:59 +0000 
Attachments: Epstein_box_inventory_8-21-2020.pdf 
USANYS) 
I can do a call this afternoon. Any time between 2:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. is best. Alternatively, I am available tomorrow 
during the same time period. Let me know which time is more convenient for you and your team. If these times don't 
work, let me know and we will work out an alternate time. 
In the meantime, we have all the materials in a secure room on our second floor in West Palm Beach. There are the case 
files and also boxes of files that were gathered for the OPR inquiry. We have an inventory of our materials and also OPR 
has their own inventory of the materials. 
When OPR was here earlier, we had a scanner on that floor dedicated for their exclusive use. They were able to scan the 
documents that they wanted and have those documents sent directly to their own DOJ accounts. I was overseas at the 
time on detail, but I was told that this worked rather well. 
A copy of our inventory is attached. 
I look forward to assisting you in this matter. 
Best regards, 
managing Assistant United States Attorney 
West Palm Beach Regional Office — SDFL 
From: 
Se 
To: 
Cc: 
[Contractor) 
Subject: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
(USANYS)<
> 
SANYS) 
(USANYS) 
>; 
USANYS) 
We supervise the team in New York that is currently prosecuting Ghislaine Maxwell, and 
uggested 
we reach out to you. As discussed briefly with 
we are hoping to locate the boxes of docu erns ana otner records 
EFTA00011501
--- PAGE 2 ---
regarding the prior SDFL investigation into Jeffrey Epstein and his co-conspirators that we understand are currently being 
stored in the West Palm Beach office. In partic 
e would like to make arrangements to review and scan those 
materials in connection with our own case, and 
uggested that we touch base with you on how best to do so. 
I've copied the trial team here. Please let us know if you have time for a call in the near future to discuss further. 
Alternatively, if there is a more appropriate point of contact on this issue, please feel free to point us in that direction. 
Thanks very much, 
le, u ic orrup ion Unit 
U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011502


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011503.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011503.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
(USANYS) [Contractor]" 
Cc:' 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: RE: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
Date: Tue, 25 Aug 2020 14:48:32 +0000 
That works for me as well, thanks. 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, August 25, 2020 10:46 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
ca;
(USANYS)r> 
[Contractor] ce 
Cc 
ANYS) <1
)* 
Subject: RE: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
c=a 
I'm available from 2pm to 3:30pm today for a call, thanks. 
From: 
(USANYS) .ca 
Sent: Tuesday, August 25, 2020 9:54 AM 
To: 
ca; 
(USANYS) 
CaME
)
Subject: FW: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
>; 
I think 
and I can be relatively flexible either afternoon, but since you guys are obviously far more important to this 
project going forward, please let us know what works best for you. 
From: 
Sent: Tuesday, August 25, 2020 9:31 AM 
To: 
(USANYS) 
Cc
IUSANYS) 
[Contractor] 
Subject: RE: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
•<===.;
> 
Hello IN 
(USANYS) 
c
l>; 
I can do a call this afternoon. Any time between 2:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. is best. Alternatively, I am available tomorrow 
during the same time period. Let me know which time is more convenient for you and your team. If these times don't 
work, let me know and we will work out an alternate time. 
In the meantime, we have all the materials in a secure room on our second floor in West Palm Beach. There are the case 
files and also boxes of files that were gathered for the OPR inquiry. We have an inventory of our materials and also OPR 
has their own inventory of the materials. 
When OPR was here earlier, we had a scanner on that floor dedicated for their exclusive use. They were able to scan the 
documents that they wanted and have those documents sent directly to their own DOJ accounts. I was overseas at the 
time on detail, but I was told that this worked rather well. 
EFTA00011503
--- PAGE 2 ---
A copy of our inventory is attached. 
I look forward to assisting you in this matter. 
Best regards, 
Managing Assistant United States Attorney 
West Palm Beach Regional Office — SDFL 
From: 
(USANYS) c
Sent: Tuesday, August 25, 2020 9:00 AM 
To: 
S; 
[Contractor] 
>; 
(USANYS)
(USANYS) 
Subject: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
Ve supervise the team in New York that is currently prosecuting Ghislaine Maxwell, and•uggested 
we reach out to you. As discussed briefly with
 we are hoping to locate the boxes of documents and other records 
regarding the prior SDFL investigation into Jeffrey Epstein and his co-conspirators that we understand are currently being 
stored in the West Palm Beach office. In particular, we would like to make arrangements to review and scan those 
materials in connection with our own case, and 
suggested that we touch base with you on how best to do so. 
I've copied the trial team here. Please let us know if you have time for a call in the near future to discuss further. 
Alternatively, if there is a more appropriate point of contact on this issue, please feel free to point us in that direction. 
Thanks very much, 
Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011504


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011505.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011505.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: Automatic reply: Epstein update 
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 13:21:59 +0000 
Can you give one of us a call when you get off with 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 10, 2019, at 8:45 AM, 
? Thanks 
> wrote: 
FYI. This is all the information I have— trying to find out more. Will keep you updated. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: " 
Date: Au ust 10, 2019 at 8:17:53 AM EDT 
To: 
Subject: FW: Automatic reply: Epstein update 
BOP just provided another update- Epstein has passed. I have no additional info. I will push out updates as we 
receive. 
From:
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 7:52 AM 
To: 
Subject: Re: Automatic reply: Epstein update 
FYI: 
The BOP just informed us that Epstein is being taken by ambulance to the hospital from another apparent suicide 
attempt- no other information was provided. 
They will update us as more info becomes available. 
On Aug 10, 2019, at 7:26 AM, 
wrote: 
Twill be out of the office on vacation until Monday, August 12th. Although 1 will have access to email durin m absence, m responses 
may be delayed. For urgent matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA 
at 
or 
EFTA00011505


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011506.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011506.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Epstein 
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 14:43:49 +0000 
Connecting everyone 
Sent from my iPhone 
> On Aug 10, 2019, at 10:43 AM
 wrote: 
> 
> Thanks for the update. Keep me post 
EFTA00011506


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011507.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011507.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Forthwith authority 
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 14:53:53 +0000 
Thank you. Look forward to having you back! 
I ap .rove. 
If Mean respond quickly he will, but if he cannot due to Epstein calls I think he would want you to move 
ahead. 
You should judge how long you can wait and see. Move forward if you need to. 
Sent from my iPhone 
nas to 
determine, as quickly as possible, if he is working with others, including people in the United States. 
EFTA00011507
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thanks, 
EFTA00011508


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011509.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011509.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To 
Subject: Fwd: EPSTEIN, Jeffrey, reg. no. 76318-054 
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 18:18:14 +0000 
Attachments: mltC634.pdf; ATT00001.htm 
FYI 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From 
Date: 
Cc: 
Subject: EPSTEIN, Jeffrey, reg. no. 76318-054 
Good afternoon, 
Enclosed please find official notification from Warden 
regarding Mr. Epstein's passing. As the 
investigation is ongoing, we have no further details at this time. We will continue to keep you updated as more 
information is available. 
Si 
you, 
Supervisory Staff Attorney 
CLC New York 
11111 ' 
" 
ter 
EFTA00011509


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011510.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011510.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 10, 2019 
U.S. Department of Justice 
Federal Bureau of Prisons 
Office of the Warden 
Metronnlann fonretinml Censer 
SENT VIA EMAIL 
The Honorable Colleen McMahon, Chief Judge 
The Honorable Richard M. Berman, District Judge 
Daniel Patrick Moynihan United 
States Courthouse 
Re: 
EPSTEIN, Jeffrey, Federal Register No. 76318-054 
United States v. Jeffrey Enstein, 19-cr-00490-RMB 
Dear Chief Judge McMahon and Judge Berman: 
I am writing to notify the Court of the death of Jeffrey Epstein, who passed away Saturday, 
August 10, 2019, at around 7:37 a.m. 
Mr. Epstein had been found unresponsive in his cell in the Special Housing Unit at around 
6:30 am from an apparent suicide at the Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC) in New 
York, New York. Responding staff immediately initiated life-saving measures and 
requested emergency medical services (EMS), by whom Mr. Epstein was transported to a 
local hospital for treatment of life-threatening injuries. Mr. Epstein was pronounced dead at 
the New York Presbyterian-Lower Manhattan Hospital in New York, New York. 
At this time, there are no preliminary reports identifying the exact cause of death. An 
autopsy is pending, and we expect to have more information as to the cause of death from the 
medical examiner in the near future. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is actively 
investigating the incident. In addition to the FBI's investigation, the Attorney General has 
requested that the Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General look into the matter 
as well. 
EFTA00011510
--- PAGE 2 ---
MCC New York will provide an update to the Court as soon as the autopsy is completed and 
the official cause of death is determined. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel 
free to call me at 
 Thank you for your time and attention to this matter. 
Sincerely.
Warden 
MCC New York 
cc: 
EFTA00011511


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011512.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011512.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
To: ' 
" 
Subject: FW: Epstein 
Date: Sun, 11 Aug 2019 02:22:15 +0000 
FYI, below is the attorney for the possible girlfriend. He's going to call back tomorrow. 
From: 
ca> 
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 6:19 PM 
To: 
Subject: RE: Epstein 
The attorney is Maurice Secarz 
From: 
(USANYS) 
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 6:05 PM 
To: 
Cc 
>; 
) 
S; 
(USANYS) 
Subject: Re: Epstein 
Thanks, 
(~)•> 
please feel free to give me a call on my cell to discuss at your convenience. 
On Aug 10, 2019, at 5:58 PM, 
wrote: 
— thanks very much for being in touch, and it turns out that the primary point of 
contact from our Office will be 
who is copied here but also her full contact info is: 
(office) 
(cell) 
Anything at all we can do, please don't hesitate to let us know, and I'll defer to 
to reach out to follow up 
separately. And thanks very much for all of your work today—not how any of us expected to spend this Saturday so we 
really appreciate everybody jumping in right away and making so much progress. 
thanks again, 
From 
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 17:15 
To: 
Cc
 *SI
I 
>; 
EFTA00011512
--- PAGE 2 ---
>; 
Subject: Epstein 
It was nice speaking with all of you and I appreciate the offer of assistance on this. 
Please see the AUSA team copied here and reach out to them for any assistance you may need from SONY. 
Thanks, 
Supervisory Special Agent 
FBI/NYPD 
Violent Crimes Task Force 
Office 
Cell 
On Aug 10, 2019 4:50 PM, " 
> wrote: 
I am cc'ing our team for you to connect them with the relevant agents on your side. 
Thanks very much, 
EFTA00011513


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011514.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011514.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
(USANYS)"
To: ' 
" 
, ' 
)" 
Subject: RE: focus group exercise 
Date: Mon, 27 Sep 2021 18:43:49 +0000 
Attachments: Maxwell Mock_Opening_v2.docx 
Here is the mock opening, thanks. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, September 27, 2021 2:13 PM 
To: 
c
>; 
Cc: 
(USANYS) < 
Subject: RE: focus group exercise 
Hi 
Attached are the two defense presentations. 
Thanks, 
From: 
c
=
>
Sent: Monday, September 27, 2021 1:36 PM 
To: 
) 
Cc: 
(USANYS) 
Subject: focus group exercise 
Attached is the closing/presentation of government's case that I gave. 
and 
can send you the presentations 
they gave as well. We'll send you a copy of the deliberations when we get the video— let us know where the paras should 
mail it. 
Everyone is putting together a memo of takeaways from the exercise, so we'll forward that when it's compiled so that you 
have the rundown. 
Thanks! 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
One Saint 
Plaza 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00011514


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011515.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011515.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: tate-checked omnibus MUL 
Date: Fri, 26 Feb 2021 09:07:40 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.02.26,_GM,_Omnibus_Opposition_to_Defense_Motions.docx 
Attached please find the cite-checked omnibus memorandum of law in opposition to Maxwell's motions. The team will be 
working with the paralegals tomorrow to proofread (which will include cleaning up the TOA), get out the discovery that 
we reference in the MOL, and deal with redactions before filing. You'll see that we have highlighted portions that we 
tentatively expect to redact in 
Thanks,
EFTA00011515


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011516.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011516.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
: rte-c ec e omm us 
Date: Fri, 26 Feb 2021 18:55:16 +0000 
Attachments: 2021.02.26_GM_Omnibus_Opposition_to_Defense_Motions.ebd.docx 
It will surprise you not at all to learn that unlike 
took this beyond just proofreading and included some 
substantive line edits/comments. 
would you please take a look at the changes in your sections to confirm you 
are ok with them being input into the final version? I'll do the same for my sections. 
EFTA00011516
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011517


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011518.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011518.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: '
:3' 
To: Nathan NYSD Chambers
Cc: 
Christian Everdell 
Bobbi Sternheim 
,'Laura 
Menninger' 
"Jeff Pagliuca" 
Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Government Opposition to Defense Motions 
Date: Sat, 27 Feb 2021 04:20:19 +0000 
Attachments: Brief Exhibits.zip; 2021-02-26_GM_Government_pre-
trial_opposition_cover_letter (final).pdf; PROPOSED_REDACTIONS_-
2021.02.26 Government Omnibus_Opposition_to_Maxwell_Defense_Motions_FINAL.pd 
2021.02.26_Govemment_Omnibus_Opposition_to_Maxwell_Defense_Motions_FINAL_U 
NREDACTED.pdf 
Good evening, 
Attached please find the Government's omnibus memorandum of law in opposition to the defense's pretrial motions in 
the above-referenced case. Also attached is a zip file containing the exhibits to the memorandum, as well as a cover 
letter. The cover letter has been filed on ECF, and the Government requests that the remaining filings be accepted 
temporarily under seal. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
New York, NY 10007 
EFTA00011518


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011519.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011519.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
/O=USNOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SNAKANO-02] 
Sent: 
Thur 6/14/2007 5:23:41 PM (UTC) 
Subject: RE: A question regarding a very old case 
COMPLAIN.03.wpd 
EJECT2.BRF.wpd 
DECISION.02.wpd 
DECISION.01.wpd 
Attached is a copy of the complaint, summary judgment brief and court's decisions. Please let me know if you need any 
further info. Good luck! 
From: 
) [mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, June 12, 2007 3:40 PM 
To: 
Subject: A question regarding a very old case 
— I saw that you were the AUSA who worked on a case several years ago against Jeffrey Epstein involving the 
lease of a former embassy. Do you remember anything about the case that you might be willing to share? 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone 
Fax 
EFTA00011519


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011520.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011520.pdf
----------------------------------------
U.S. Department of .1 ustice 
United States Attorney 
Southern District of New York 
The Silvio J. Mollo Building 
One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
New York, New York 10007 
February 28, 2019 
TO BE FILED UNDER SEAL 
VIA EMAIL 
The Honorable Sarah Netburn 
United States District Court 
Southern District of New York 
United States Courthouse 
New York, New York 10007 
Re: 
In re Application to Unseal Civil Discovery Materials, USAO No. 2018R01618 
Dear Judge Netburn: 
The Government writes respectfully in connection with its sealed application and proposed 
order pursuant to the All Writs Act, Title 28, United States Code, Section 1651, for a limited order 
to unseal discovery materials in the possession of Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP 
(the "Application"), in connection with the matter Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein, et aL ("Jane Doe"), 
Civ. 616 (JGK) (SN) (the "Litigation"), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
Background 
As described in the Application, the Government has served a grand jury subpoena 
(the "Subpoena") upon Boies Schiller & Flexner ("Boies Schiller") requiring the production of 
copies of discovery and related materials related to the Litigation. The Subpoena was validly 
issued pursuant to an ongoing investigation into Jeffrey Epstein and others, for possible violations 
of Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1591 and 1594(c) (unlawfully trafficking minors) and 
Section 2422(b) (unlawfully enticing minors) (the "Investigation"). The production of materials 
pursuant to the Subpoena is solely for the purposes of the Investigation, and is subject to the 
protections and restrictions of Fed. R. Crim. P. 6(e). 
The Government has been advised that Boies Schiller, which is counsel for plaintiffs in the 
Litigation, does not intend to contest the Subpoena. However, the Government is advised that 
although Boies Schiller would not otherwise contest compliance with the Subpoena, it believes 
that a protective order entered in the Litigation (the "Protective Order") may preclude compliance. 
Accordingly, the Government respectfully requested that the Court issue an order 
permitting Boies Schiller to comply with the validly-issued Subpoena. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00000919 
EFTA00011520
--- PAGE 2 ---
Page 2 
Discussion 
Where, as here, a grand jury subpoena has validly issued, and the recipient of the subpoena 
is not contesting compliance—but rather seeking authorization to comply with the subpoena—a 
court should grant such permission through limited modification of an applicable protective order, 
absent countervailing interests not present in this case. As described below, a court can and should 
modify a protective order, or permit limited relief from it, to allow the recipient of a grand jury 
subpoena to comply with such a subpoena under the circumstances presented here. 
The Court is best guided by the decision in Chemical Bank v. Affiliated FM Ins. Co., 154 
F.R.D. 91 (S.D.N.Y. 1994), which rejected an application for a party in civil litigation to be held 
in contempt for complying with a grand jury subpoena despite the existence of a protective order, 
without first obtaining authorization from the court, because the court would have granted such 
authorization had it been sought. Chemical Bank, 154 F.R.D. at 93. As that court explained: 
The role of the federal courts in law enforcement, exemplified by 
the Federal Criminal Code (Title 18, USC) and in enforcing Grand 
Jury subpoenas argues in favor of making significant information 
available to enforcement authorities absent a countervailing 
showing that the need for the information for such purposes is 
outweighed by 
the need for protecting expectations of 
confidentiality under Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(c). 
Id. at 94 (citing United States v. Davis, 702 F.2d 418, 421-22 (2d Cir. 1983) (finding that the 
"conflict between protection of private material used in a civil proceeding and public need in a 
criminal prosecution" posed in that case was "easily resolved" and explaining that "[a]bsent 
applicable grounds for exception, such as a previously asserted Fifth Amendment privilege, no 
shiled protects the civil evidence" in that case "from compellable production before the grand jury 
which subpoenaed it"). The court in Chemical Bank chastised the relevant party for responding to 
the grand jury subpoena without authorization specifically because such disregard was "entirely 
unnecessary and inappropriate" due to the readily available remedy of a modification of the 
applicable protective order. Chemical Bank, 154 F.R.D. at 93. The court also explicitly noted that 
such formal judicial approval could be obtained ex pane if sufficient reason for doing so was 
shown. Id. 
Chemical Bank further described the types of interests that otherwise might be implicated 
in connection with a Rule 26(c) protective order, none of which are implicated here. Id. at 94 
("There is no indication that any difficult balancing under Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(c) would have been 
necessary of interests of law enforcement against protection of technological trade secrets, 
currently sensitive customer lists, or contemporarily sensitive competitive information which 
could benefit rivals, since no such information has been claimed to have been contained in any of 
the discovery materials in this case.") (citations omitted): 
' Notably, here, and in contrast to other cases further described below, the Government's specific 
knowledge of the subject matter of discovery materials is relatively limited, due to the confidential 
nature of the Litigation; however, the Protective Order itself indicates that discovery materials 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00000920 
EFTA00011521
--- PAGE 3 ---
Page 3 
Indeed, the Chemical Bank opinion specifically rejected judicial protection for the type of 
information the Protective Order appears to cover in the Litigation: 
Avoiding embarrassment may be a reason for a party to seek 
confidentiality. It is not by itself a valid reason for courts to uphold 
confidentiality as against a legitimate law enforcement need for the 
information. Courts must honor restrictions laid down by the Fourt 
or Fifth Amendment or applicable statutes. But aside from those 
restrictions, hiding possible criminal violations from law 
enforcement authorities is hardly a ground for judicial protection of 
confidentiality. 
Chemical Bank 154 F.R.D. at 94 (emphasis added). Although parties may rely on confidentiality 
agreements and protective orders generally, such classification "is not binding on the court" and 
the "risk of disclosure is well known to the Bar, in part because disclosure may be required where 
such information is needed for judicial decisions, to the basis for which the public should have 
access. Id. (collecting cases). 
Under some circumstances, courts in this Circuit have applied a balancing test to evaluate 
the government's ability to obtain access to materials covered by a protective order. Specifically, 
in Martindell v. International Tel. and Tel. Corp., 594 F.2d 291 (2d Cir. 1979), the government 
informally—and without use of a grand jury subpoena—sought access to discovery materials from 
a civil litigation. The Court held that the Government was not entitled to the materials unless it 
could show either that the protective order was improvidently granted or some extraordinary 
circumstance or compelling need for the material; see also In re Grand Juiy Subpoena Duces 
Tecum Dated Apr. 19, 1991 ("Subpoena Duces Tecum"), 945 F.2d 1221, 1224 (2d Cir. 1991) (in 
connection with bankruptcy proceeding, and citing Martindell, vacating denial of a motion to 
quash a grand jury subpoena seeking production of documents subject to protective order and 
remanding for determination of showing that the order was improvidently granted or of 
extraordinary circumstance or compelling need). 
As an initial matter, the Court need not employ the Martindell balancing test here. This is 
so for two reasons. First, Martindell and cases employing its balancing test generally relate to 
motions to quash or other challenges to a grand jury subpoena, or else instances where the 
Government sought protected information without such grand jury process. See Martindell, 594 
F.2d 291 (in which the government informally, and without use of a grand jury subpoena, sought 
access to discovery materials); Subpoena Duces Tecum, 945 F.2d at 1224 (vacating denial of a 
motion to quash a grand jury subpoena). Here, there is no such deficiency in the form of request 
nor a challenge by the recipient of the subpoena. Indeed, in Chemical Bank, which cited 
Martindell, the district court opined that had the Government obtained judicial relief to issue an 
such as documents and depositions are not likely to include the kind of confidential business 
information that Chemical Bank describes as having the potential to give rise to "difficult 
balancing." See id.; see also Jane Doe, Protective Order ("Prot. Order") (Dkt. 177) (defining 
"confidential" information as, in sum and substance, medical and psychological information, 
personal identifying information, and information relating to sexual activity or sexual contact). 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00000921 
EFTA00011522
--- PAGE 4 ---
Page 4 
uncontested subpoena for 
documents—precisely the scenario here—such relief would be 
appropriate. Chemical Bank, 154 F.R.D. at 94. 
Second, any presumption against modification of a protective order is unreasonable where, 
as here, the protective order is on its face temporary or limited. Such protective orders "that are 
on their face temporary or limited may not justify reliance by the parties [and] in such 
circumstances reliance may be unreasonable." S.E.C. v. TheStreet.com, 273 F.3d 222, 230-31 (2d 
Cir. 2001). "Where a litigant or deponent could not reasonably have relied on the continuation of 
a protective order"—for example, where such an order was limited to the pretrial stages of 
litigation—"a court may properly permit modification of the order." Id. (citing In re "Agent 
Orange" Prod. Liab. Litig., 821 F.2d 139, 147 (2d Cir. 1987)); see also Allen v. City of New York, 
420 F.Supp.2d 295, 301 (S.D.N.Y. 2006) (Mag. J. Gorenstein) (analyzing the differently-situated 
interests of civil litigants but where, as here, the relevant protective order specified that a party 
could object to the designation of a document as confidential, and was also temporary or limited 
on its face). In such a case, "'[w]hether to lift or modify a protective order is a decision committed 
to the sound discretion of the trial court.'" TheStreet.com, 273 F.3d at 231 (modification in 
original) (citing In re Agent Orange, 821 F.3d at 147) (additional citations omitted). Here, the 
parties in the Litigation explicitly contemplated the public disclosure of such information at trial 
by the very terms of the Protective Order, thereby establishing precisely the kind of temporal limit 
described above. See Prot. Order at 6 ("This Protective Order shall have no force and effect on 
the use of any CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION at trial in this matter."). The parties could not 
have—as, for example, they might in a bankruptcy proceeding such as in Subpoena Duces 
Tecum—relied upon the Protective Order to indefinitely keep the relevant materials hidden. 
In this case, where the Protective Order is limited by its terms to only the pretrial stages 
of the civil litigation, no confidential business information appears to be at issue, and counsel for 
the victims of the suspected crimes being investigated have indicated a willingness to voluntarily 
comply with the Subpoena, the "sound discretion of [this] court," TheStreet.com, 273 F.3d at 231, 
militates overwhelmingly toward limited, narrow modification of the Protective Order to permit 
compliance with the Subpoena.2 This is consistent with the grand jury's "wide ranging authority 
to inquire into suspected violations of the criminal law; and to effectuate such investigations it may 
compel the production of documentary evidence or the testimony of witnesses, as it deems 
necessary." Id. at 421-22; see Branzburg v. Hayes, 408 U.S. 665, 688 (1972) ("Although the 
powers of the grand jury are not unlimited and are subject to the supervision of a judge, the 
longstanding principle that 'the public . . . has a right to every man's evidence,' except for those 
The Government notes that any materials produced pursuant to a grand jury subpoena fall under 
the protections and restrictions set forth in Fed. R. Crim. P. 6(e), and further notes and emphasizes 
that the proposed order accompanying the Application provides no additional exception or 
modification to the Protective Order as to the recipient of the subpoena other than the narrow, 
limited ability to comply with grand jury process. The Protective Order will remain otherwise 
intact and fully enforceable. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00000922 
EFTA00011523
--- PAGE 5 ---
Page 5 
persons protected by a constitutional, common-law, or statutory privilege is particularly applicable 
to grand jury proceedings.") (citations omitted).3
Finally, even were the Court to apply the Martindell test here,4 despite the significant 
distinguishing factors described above, this Investigation is a paradigmatic example of 
extraordinary circumstances. In the first instance, unlike in Subpoena Duces Tecum, the posture 
of the Application does not involve a motion to quash. Of course, should this Court permit Boies 
Schiller to respond, Boies Schiller would have the right to move to quash—including, for example, 
if a grand jury subpoena made any improper requests, such as for materials subject to privilege. 
But it is not anticipated that Boies Schiller will do so. 
Additionally, as set forth in the Application, the existence and scope of the Investigation 
in this district is not publicly known. While counsel for certain victims are aware of the 
Investigation, neither Epstein nor other subjects of the investigation are believed to be similarly 
aware. Accordingly, the ordinary exercise of grand jury power to "subpoena witnesses to testify, 
regardless of whether they have already testified or furnished documentary evidence in civil 
litigation," Martindell, 594 at 296, would implicate and invite the very risk of disclosure—and the 
possibility of alerting potential criminal targets that they are under investigation, causing them to 
destroy evidence, flee from prosecution, or otherwise seriously jeopardize the Investigation—that 
caused the Government to proceed via subpoena and its related Application. Cf. Subpoena Duces 
Tecum, 945 F.2d at 1224 (in which the party that moved to quash the relevant subpoena argued 
that the government could not meet its burden of showing need for deposition testimony until it 
had at least called the witness before the grand jury). 
The subject matter of the Litigation also demonstrates the extraordinary circumstances of 
the Government's Investigation and Application, insofar as the materials at issue here appear not 
to be of the sort that ordinarily would provide protection against Government investigation. See 
To read Martindell more broadly would not only be contrary to the opinion itself, as described 
above, but would risk rendering that opinion in even further conflict with the well-reasoned 
decisions of numerous other Circuits. In particular, the Fourth, Ninth, and Eleventh Circuits have 
each adopted a per se rule favoring enforcement of a grand jury subpoena even where a protective 
order exists. See In re Grand Jut,/ Subpoena, 836 F.2d 1468, 1477 (4th Cir.), cert. denied, 487 
U.S. 1240 (1988); In re Grand Jury Subpoena Served on Meserve, Mumper & Hughes, 62 F.3d 
1222, 1226-1227 (9th Cir. 1995); In re Grand Jury Proceedings (Williams), 995 F.2d 1013, 1020 
(11th Cir. 1993) (expressly criticizing the Martindell test and stating that it "is administratively 
unworkable," "defies construction," and "places prosecutors in untenable positions"). In the First 
and Third Circuits, a grand jury subpoena overrides a protective order unless the party seeking to 
quash the subpoena shows "exceptional circumstances that clearly favor subordinating the 
subpoena to the protective order." In re Grand Jury Subpoena (Roach), 138 F.3d 442, 445 (1st 
Cir.), cert. denied, 524 U.S. 939 (1998); In re: Grand Jury, 286 F.3d 153, 157-158 (3d Cir. 
2002). The Government is aware of no case in those circuits where the presumption was rebutted 
and the grand jury subpoena was not enforced. 
An application of the Martindell test would not in any event preclude the provision of a list of 
witnesses deposed, see 594 F.2d at 293, and of pre-existing documents collected or produced in 
the course of discovery, see id. at 297 n.8. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00000923 
EFTA00011524
--- PAGE 6 ---
Page 6 
Chemical Bank, 154 F.R.D. at 94 (describing such materials a "technological trade secrets, 
currently sensitive customer lists, or contemporarily sensitive competitive information which 
could benefit rivals"). Rather, the Government seeks materials that relate to among the gravest 
criminal offenses it investigates—the sexual exploitation of minors—which materials, if revealed, 
would tend to inculpate and/or embarrass some parties to the Protective Order. Indeed, by the very 
terms of the Protective Order, the confidential materials appear to be of the category for which 
"[a]voiding embarrassment . . . is not by itself a valid reason for courts to uphold confidentiality 
as against a legitimate law enforcement need for the information." Id.; see also Prot. Order at 2 
(designating as "confidential" information "whose public release would violate common law and 
statutory privacy interests"). "Aside from those restrictions [laid down by the Fourth or Fifth 
Amendment or applicable statutes], hiding possible criminal violations from law enforcement 
authorities is hardly a ground for judicial protection of confidentiality." Chemical Bank, 15 F.R.D. 
at 94. 
Finally, this is unlike a case in which the contours of the civil litigation are publicly 
apparent. Cf. Subpoena Duces Tecum, 945 F.2d at 1223 (noting that a "lengthy report" of the 
bankruptcy examination in that case "was made available to the public"). In Subpoena Duces 
Tecum, for example, not only was the government apparently unconcerned with the confidentiality 
of the grand jury investigation, but the government knew from a lengthy public report precisely 
what it might replicate through a grand jury investigation. Id. Not so with respect to the Litigation, 
which resulted in no such report, no trial, and limited public filings. 
For all of these reasons, and for the reasons set forth in the Application, the Government 
respectfully requests that the Court grant the Application. 
Respectfully submitted, 
GE a FFREY S. BERMAN 
Enclosure 
By: 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Tel.: 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00000924 
EFTA00011525


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011526.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011526.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 2021-03-01 attorney proffer re 
Date: Mon, 01 Mar 2021 20:02:18 +0000 
Call with AUSA S 
Attorneys Mariann Wang & Gloria Allred 
MW & GA wanted to provide attorney proffer of additional information their client, 
had disclosed 
since being interviewed by SDNY & FBI in 2020. • 
is available to be re-interviewed if necessary. 
had subsequent interactions with Epstein beyond November 2017, those interactions took place in December 2018-
July 2019 
• Accurate that JE lured 
to Paris & to Florida with offer of employment 
• Accurate that 
left and did not want to deal with JE again 
• JE & another woman names 
(spelling unknown) kept reaching out to 
JE offered 
help 
• 
took up offer, and JE bought a ticket for 
to travel to NY and let. stay in 
so JE said, in essence, 
M owed
 and • 
felt obligated to agree to additional trips 
• 
• Another trip to Florida & VI, sexual abuse in both. 
• • 
also went to JE's Paris apartment when= was already in Paris, she talked about a dental issue= had, JE had 
arrange dentist appointments for=and flew 
to NY for dental appointments, appointments were right 
around the time when JE was arrested. • 
interacted with 
around that time. 
• JE would ask 
to find girls for him, and JE asked • to meet with a young (18/19) girl for coffee in Russia. • 
did 
so, but does not recall her name, just told JE that the girl seemed fine. 
EFTA00011526


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011527.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011527.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent 
Sun 1/24/2010 3:37:45 PM (UTC) 
Subject Re: 
what is exagerated. or inaccurate. . you and i see things differently. ok. enough 
On Sun, Jan 24, 2010 at 10:36 AM 
> wrote: 
For the record, this email is again your skewed recollection of events, many of which are exaggerated or inaccurate, not reality. 
You had told me repeatedly you didn't need me until 5. I asked endlessly if I could help in the morning and when I returned. I came many times and offered you 
and your guest refreshments' , food, I made
dinner.. 
From: Jeffre E stein < 
> 
To: 
> 
Sent: Sun, January 24, 2010 5:45:29 AM 
Subject: 
yesterday was emblematic of what appears to be an impossible situation. I told you i had a guest coming that i had 
looked forward to meeting for years. I told you the time he was to come.. You refused to tell me if you had confirmed 
your flying, and if so the time you were to fly and or return„ though i have asked repeatedely not to be served 
restaurant food , you asked me only about menus for lunch. You left without asking or even saying goodbye, You had a 
great classic, a great flying day with my great pilot that i arranged for. you, I introduced you to him, in a way that you 
asked . you refused to tell me when you were to return, you didnot ask if ot
cauld help serve lunch„ could you cook 
anything( soup ) for lunch, could you help with my guest, you focused on 
, you came home 
and made a fuss calling her a funcking cunt, stamoing aorund the house, all you did was give me a hard time ,I 
suggested you ask her or me any questions that was on your mind, your refused, sayi
ve both would lie, 
then you tell m
 could see it right away, I 
did not attack you for something 
could see. but whe 
akes the same comment about your behavior , 
you view it soley as my doing. you have only been here only three days . you have broken your promise every day 
exvcept my birthday , which i did have a great day. thank you. I did not lose my temper, I did not sleep/ this is s
i
very unfair. You focus on not wanting a record without proposing an alternative solution. it is sad/ i will send 
home , i had intended her staying until wed. as i told you last night , soley in response to your actions i already canceled 
I am very unhappy with this situation. I tried. i really tried. 
****** 
***************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to  
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00011527
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA00011528


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011529.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011529.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
USANYS)" 
To• 
SANYS)" 
Subject: Update 
Date: Thu, 09 Sep 2021 20:48:39 +0000 
Attachments: Public_Corruption_Unit_August_2021.docx 
Southern District of New York 
EFTA00011529


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011530.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011530.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ' 
(USANYS)" <1 
To: 
(USANYS)" <1 
Cc: ' 
(USANYS)" 
Subject: RE: Unit Update Reports 
Date: Fri, 10 Sep 2021 18:31:10 +0000 
Attachments: Public_Corruption_Unit_Septembet_2021.docx 
Here is the PC update. 
From 
Sent: Friday, September 10, 2021 10:23 AM 
To: 
Subject: Unit Update Reports 
Last month I sent you all a new template for monthly reports. With apologies for those who have sent in their 
reports without using that template, please kindly resubmit using the new template. The new template also 
includes a section on specially allocated FTE. Here is the specially allocated FTE report for the last two months. 
Associate U.S. Attorney 
United States Attorney's Office 
Southern District of New York 
(0) 
(m 
EFTA00011530


##############################
### SOURCE_FILE: root__EFTA00011531.txt ###
##############################

METADATA_SOURCE: .
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00011531.pdf
----------------------------------------
S Depal• .e.71 
Aviation Safety 
of Tor'sportfition 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
Date of Issue: July 22, 2021 
N550GP LLC 
ONTARIO, CA 
91764-5496 
Ilili,...III,..1.II.,.I..I.I.I..I.illil...II,.1.1..1.1.....111 
Fa \ 
ATTENTION: IATS 
Oklah ma i , Oklahoma 73125-0504 
Toll Free: 
WEB Address: 
T216269 
This facsimile must be carried in the Aircraft as a Temporary Certificate of 
Registration for 
N550GP GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) Serial 5173 and is valid until Aug 
21, 2021. 
This is not an airworthiness certificate. For airworthiness information, contact the nearest 
Federal Aviation Administration Flight Standards District Office. 
for 
Acting Manager, Aircraft Registration Branch 
Federal Aviation Administration 
REGALFAX-4 (02/21) 
EFTA00011531
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00011532
--- PAGE 3 ---
peg 
Ces,‘S‘ca 
P" • 
DECLARATION 
of 
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS 
The undersigned owner of aircraft N 5504 P , Manufacturer  Gulfstream Acent..c. 
Model  6 V SP 
 Serial Number 5173 
declares that this aircraft is scheduled to make an international flight' on  7- 2S ata21•
(due) 
as flight Number 
departing  an 4-arla _EL-Lecen a- 0(070 
(city/State) 
with a destination of  
Ai/spies I tn.l 9 (&I RN) 
 • 
(City/Country) 
•urrequired route between two points in the United States involves international navigation, explain under 
Comments below, e.g. "partly over Canada" or "partly in international airspace".i 
Expedited registration in support of this international flight is requested this 
At) sf- 
 day of  1. 1. 
21 
 with knowledge that: 
Whoever, in any matter within the jurisdiction of the executive branch of the 
Government of the United States, knowingly and willfully makes or uses any 
false wilting or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, 
fictitious or fraudulent statement of representation shall be fined under Title 18 
United States Code or imprisoned not more than 5 years. or both. 18 U.S.C. 
§1001(a). 
Name of Owner 
Signature 
Typed Name and Title of Signer 
Phone: 
Comments: 
N550GP, LLC c
~ 
CAR COPY I 
Fax: 
required route between two points in the United States involves international 
navigation, explain under comments below, e.g. "partly over Canada" or "partly in 
international airspace".l 
Comments: Please fax the flying time wire to Insured Aircraft Title Service inc. at • 
Filed b : 
sure 
ircraft T' 
ervice LLC 
Phone 
Accepted CF Jul/22/2021 
EFTA00011533
--- PAGE 4 ---
FILED WITH FM 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION SR 
2021 JUL 22 AM 8: 10 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011534
--- PAGE 5 ---
Q
Depattnani 
ASSIGNMENT OF SPECIAL 
REGISTRATION NUMBERS 
Special Registration Number 
N550GP 
Aircraft Make and Model 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (6550) 
Present Registration Number 
N212IE 
u.s, 
of Transportgon 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
Serial Number 
5173 
Issue Date: 
Feb 24, 2021 
ICAO AIRCRAFT ADDRESS CODE FOR NSS0GP - 51600017 
N550GP LW 
ONTARIO CA 917645496 
III  
IIIIIIIIILIIIIIIiIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIII 
111 
This is your authority to change 
the United State registration 
Dumber on the above described 
aircraft to the special 
tegimation number shown. 
Carty duplicate of this form in the 
aircraft together with the 
old registration certificate as
mtaim anhority to operate the 
aircraft pending receipt of revised 
certificate of aircraft rentiratiees 
The latest FAA Eons Si 30-6, 
Applicadon For Airworthiness 
on me h doted: 
Mr 07, 2008 
The airworthiness classification 
and category: 
STD TRANSP 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
SIGN AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL of this form to the Civil Aviation Registry, Aircraft Registration Branch, within 5 days 
after the special registration number is placed on the aircraft. A revised certificate of aircraft registration will then be issued. 
Obtain a revised certificate of airworthiness from your nearest Flight Standards District Office. 
The authority to ate the special number expires: Feb 24, 2022 
CERTIFICATION: I certify that the special migration number was placed 
oo the aircraft described above. 
Signature of Owner: 
RETURN FORM TO: 
Civil Aviation Registry 
tion Branch 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73125-0504 
Title of Owner 
--
Date Placed on Avert& 
-1 9 -aoai 
AC FORM 105064 (5/2105) Stannein Previous ttlitioa 
Return Certificate of Registration to 
OA.JnS
Accepted CF Jul/22/2021 
EFTA00011535
--- PAGE 6 ---
.
.
•
FILED WITH FAA 
Amea
c 
.(21 JUL 20 1119 7 31 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAhOMA 
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
21121 BAR 26 AN S 32 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011536
--- PAGE 7 ---
DecoSign Envelope ID: C9C42BF8-7BCA-4108-A29F-423F14801D14 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
FAA AIR(' AFT REGISTRY 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73125 
AIRCRAFT SECURITY AGREEMENT 
NAME & ADDRESS OF BORROWER: 
N550GP LLC 
Ontario, CA 91764 
NAME & ADDRESS OF SECURED PARTY/LENDER: 
Bank of Ho 
Los Angeles, CA 90010 
NAME & ADDRESS OF GRANTOR: 
N550GP LLC 
Ontario, CA 91764 
ABOVE SPACE 
FOR FAA USE ONLY 
1. 
THIS AIRCRAFT SECURITY AGREEMENT dated May II, 2021, is made 
and executed by N550GP, LLC, a California limited liability company ("Grantor"), in favor of 
Bank of Hope ("Lender"). 
2. 
GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST. For valuable consideration, Grantor 
grants to Lender a continuing security interest in the Collateral to secure the Indebtedness and 
agrees that Lender shall have the rights stated in this Agreement with respect to the Collateral, in 
addition to all other rights which Lender may have by law. 
3. 
COLLATERAL. The word "Collateral" as used in this Agreement means the 
following described Airframe, Engines, and Contracts, as defined herein: 
151821345 
CF014762 Conveyance Recorded Aug/19/2021 10:20 AM FAA 
EFTA00011537
--- PAGE 8 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
2011 MAT 14 RI I: 46 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011538
--- PAGE 9 ---
DowSep Envelope O C9C428F8-76CA-4108-A29F-423F 14801014 
YEAR MFG 
AIRCRAFT 
MANUFACTURER 
MODEL NUMBER 
SERIAL 
NUMBER 
FAA REGISTRATION 
NUMBER 
2008 
Gulfstream 
Aerospace 
Corporation (aka 
GULFSTREAM on 
the International 
Registry drop down 
menu) 
GV-SP (aka 
Gulfstream GV-SP 
(6550) on the 
International 
Registry drop down 
menu) 
5173 
N212JE (Pending 
change to N550GP) 
ENGINE 
MAKE 
MODEL NUMBER(S) SERIAL NUMBER(S) 
Rolls-Royce 
Deutschland 
Ltd & Co KG 
(aka ROLLS 
ROYCE on the 
International 
Registry drop 
down menu) 
Rolls-Royce 
Deutschland 
Ltd & Co KG 
(aka ROLLS 
ROYCE on the 
International 
Registry drop 
down menu) 
BR700-710C4-11 (aka 
BR710 on the 
International 
Registry drop down 
menu) 
BR700-710C4-11 (aka 
BR710 on the 
International 
Registry drop down 
menu) 
15449 
15448 
AUXILIARY 
POWER UNIT 
MAKE 
MODEL NUMBER 
SERIAL NUMBER 
HONEYWELL RE220 
P-500 
The word "Aircraft" also means and includes without limitation, (a) the Airframe, (b) the 
Engines, (c) any propellers, and (d) related log books, manuals, diagrams and records. 
The word "Airframe" means the Aircraft's airframe, together with any and all parts, appliances, 
components, instruments, accessories, accessions, attachments, equipment, or avionics 
(including, without limitation, radio, radar, navigation systems, or other electronic equipment) 
installed in, appurtenant to, or delivered with or in respect of such airframe. 
The word "Engines" means any engines described above together with any other aircraft engines 
which either now or in the future arc installed on, appurtenant to, or delivered with or in respect 
of the Airframe, together with any and all parts, appliances, components, accessories, accessions, 
attachments or equipment installed on, appurtenant to, or delivered with or in respect of such 
engines. The word "Engines" shall also refer to any replacement aircraft engine which, under this 
Agreement, is required or permitted to be installed upon the Airframe. 
1511121145 1 
EFTA00011539
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA00011540
--- PAGE 11 ---
DocuSign Envelope 
C9C428F8-YBCA-4108-A29F-423F 14801014 
The word "Contracts" means any and all agreements, contracts, service contracts, repair 
contracts, maintenance contracts, including the Engine Maintenance Program, insurance contracts, 
leases, purchase agreements, bills of sale and assignments, and any other instruments, contracts, or 
agreements of any kind with respect to the Collateral. 
4. 
DURATION. This Agreement, including any representations, warranties and 
covenants contained herein, shall remain continuing, in full force and effect until such time as 
the Indebtedness secured hereby, including principal, interest, costs, expenses, attorneys' fees 
and other fees and charges, shall have been paid in full, together with all additional sums that 
Lender may pay or advance on Grantor's behalf and interest thereon as provided in this 
Agreement. 
5. 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND COVENANTS. 
Grantor 
represents, warrants and covenants to Lender at all times while this Agreement is in effect as 
follows: 
5.1 
Title. Grantor warrants that Grantor is the lawful owner of the Collateral and 
holds good and marketable title to the Collateral, free and clear of all 
Encumbrances except the lien of this Agreement. Grantor is, or concurrent with 
the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will be, the 
registered owner of the Aircraft pursuant to a proper registration under the 
Transportation Code, and Grantor qualifies in all respects as a citizen of the 
United States as defined in the Transportation Code. If Grantor acquired its 
interest in the Aircraft on or after the effective date of the Convention, the 
ownership rights of Grantor shall be the subject of a valid and subsisting 
registered contract of sale at the International Registry. Grantor shall defend 
Lender's rights in the Collateral against the claims and demands of all other 
persons. The Collateral is not and will not be registered under the laws of any 
foreign country, and Grantor is and will remain a citizen of the United States as 
defined in the Transportation Code. 
5.2 
Authority; Binding Effect, etc. Grantor is a limited liability company which is. 
and at all times shall be, duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing 
under and by virtue of the laws of the State of California. Grantor is duly 
authorized to transact business in all other states in which Grantor is doing 
business, having obtained all necessary filings, governmental licenses and 
approvals for each state in which Grantor is doing business. Grantor has the full 
right, power and authority to enter into the Note, the Related Documents, and this 
Agreement and to grant a security interest in the Collateral to Lender. The Note, 
the Related Documents, and this Agreement are binding upon Grantor as well as 
Grantor's successors and assigns, and are legal, valid and binding obligations of 
Grantor and are legally enforceable in accordance with their terms. Grantor's 
principal place of business is 
EMINE, 
, Ontario, 
CA 91764, and unless Grantor has designated otherwise in writing, the Grantor's 
principal place of business is the office at which Grantor keeps its complete logs, 
manuals, books and records including its complete logs, manuals, books and 
records concerning the Collateral. Grantor's exact legal name is: N550GP. LLC. 
ISIV1345 
EFTA00011541
--- PAGE 12 ---
EFTA00011542
--- PAGE 13 ---
DocuSignEnveket ID C9C428F8-7BCA-4I08-A29F-423F 14801014 
Grantor has not used any trade, assumed or previous names within the past five 
years. Grantor has not merged with or into, or transferred all or substantially all 
of its assets to, any other entity within the past five years. Grantor was situated in 
the United States, State of California at the time of the conclusion of this 
Agreement. Grantor has the power to dispose of the Aircraft, as contemplated in 
the Convention. 
6. 
Authorization. Grantor's execution, delivery, and performance of the Note, this 
Agreement and all the Related Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary action by 
Grantor and do not conflict with, result in a violation of, or constitute a default under (1) any 
provision of Grantor's articles of organization or membership agreements, or bylaws or articles 
of incorporation, or any agreement or other instrument binding upon Grantor or (2) any law, 
governmental regulation, court decree, or order applicable to Grantor or to Grantor's properties. 
7. 
Litigation and Claims. 
No litigation, claim, investigation, administrative 
proceeding or similar action (including those for unpaid taxes) against Grantor is pending or 
threatened, and no other event has occurred which may materially adversely affect Grantor's 
financial condition or properties, other than litigation, claims, or other events, if any, that have 
been disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing. 
8. 
Taxes. All of Grantor's tax returns and reports that arc or were required to be 
filed, have been filed, and all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges in connection 
with the Aircraft and the Collateral have been paid in full, except those presently being or to be 
contested by Grantor in good faith in the ordinary course of business and for which adequate 
reserves have been provided. 
9. 
Information. 
All information heretofore or contemporaneously herewith 
furnished by Grantor to Lender for the purposes of or in connection with this Agreement or any 
transaction contemplated hereby (including without limitation the description of the Aircraft) is, 
and all information hereafter furnished by or on behalf of Grantor to Lender will be, true and 
accurate in every material respect on the date as of which such information is dated or certified; 
and none of such information is or will be incomplete by omitting to state any material fact 
necessary to make such information not misleading. 
10. 
Aircraft and Log Books. 
Grantor will keep accurate and complete logs, 
manuals, books, and records relating to the Collateral, and will provide Lender with copies of 
such reports and information relating to the Collateral as Lender may reasonably require from 
time to time. 
11. 
Airframe and Engines. The Airframe is type certified to transport at least eight 
persons including crew, or goods in excess of 2750 kilograms and each of the Engines has at 
least 1750 pounds of thrust or at least 550 rated take off shaft horsepower. 
12. 
Perfection of Security Interest. The security interest granted herein constitutes a 
valid and subsisting International Interest in the Aircraft under the Convention. Grantor grants 
and covenants to continue a first priority perfected sccurity interest (including an International 
Interest) in and to the Collateral in favor of Lender. Grantor agrees to prepare and file financing 
ISIB2134$,3 
EFTA00011543
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA00011544
--- PAGE 15 ---
DowSin Envelope ID. C9C428F8-78CA-4108-A29F-423F14601014 
statements and to take whatever other actions arc requested by Lender to perfect and continue 
Lender's security interests in the Collateral. Upon request of Lender, Grantor will deliver to 
Lender any and all of the documents evidencing or constituting the Collateral, and Grantor will 
note Lender's interest upon any and all chattel paper if not delivered to Lender for possession by 
Lender. In particular, Grantor will perform, or will cause to be performed, upon Lender's 
request, each and all of the following: (I) record, register and file this Agreement (and the 
IDERA, as defined below), together with such notices, financing statements or other documents 
or instruments as Lender may request from time to time to carry out fully the intent of this 
Agreement, with the FAA in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States of America and other 
governmental agencies, either concurrent with the delivery and acceptance of the Collateral or 
promptly after the execution and delivery of this Agreement; (2) take all actions necessary to 
initiate or consent to the registration of an International Interest in the Aircraft (or at Lender's 
option, a Prospective International Interest) with the International Registry; (3) take all actions 
necessary to initiate or consent to the registration of any other interests or rights pertaining to the 
Collateral with the International Registry, as requested in the sole discretion of Lender; (4) 
furnish to Lender evidence of every such recording, registering, and filing; and (5) execute and 
deliver or perform any and all acts and things which may be reasonably requested by Lender 
with respect to complying with or remaining subject to the Geneva Convention, the Convention, 
the International Registry, the laws and regulations of the FAA, the laws of the United States and 
the laws and regulation of any of the various states or countries in which the Collateral is or may 
fly over, operate in, or become located in. Grantor hereby appoints Lender as Grantor's 
irrevocable attorney-in-fact for the sole purposes of preparing, executing, and/or filing any 
documents necessary to perfect, amend or to continue the security interests granted in this 
Agreement or to demand termination of filings of other secured parties. Lender may at any time, 
and without further authorization from Grantor, file a carbon, photographic or other reproduction 
of any financing statement or of this Agreement for use as a financing statement. Grantor will 
reimburse Lender for all expenses for the perfection and the continuation of the perfection of 
Lender's security interest in the Collateral. 
13. 
Convention Requirements. Prior to funding by Lender, (a) Grantor shall 
establish a valid and existing account with the International Registry, appoint an Administrator 
and/or a Professional Uscr acceptable to Lender to initiate or consent to registrations at the 
International Registry with regard to the Collateral, and initiate the registration of an 
International Interest (or, at Lender's option, a Prospective International Interest) in the 
Collateral, with all such steps being completed except for the consent of Lender, (b) Grantor's 
initiation of such registration at the International Registry shall not have expired or lapsed; (c) 
Grantor shall execute and Lender shall have received a fully completed and originally executed 
Irrevocable De-Registration and Export Request Authorization ("IDERA"), in the form attached 
hereto as Exhibit A and acceptable to the FAA and Lender, (d) Grantor shall execute and Lender 
shall have received a fully completed and originally executed Irrevocable Power of Attorney In 
Fact (Aircraft Registration), in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 8 and acceptable to the FAA 
and Lender, and (e) Grantor's Contract of Sale shall be registered and searchable in the 
International Registry. 
14. 
Performance of Contracts. Grantor hereby undertakes to perform all of its 
obligations under the Note, this Agreement, any Related Documents and any Contracts and to 
i:SIS2134S3 
EFTA00011545
--- PAGE 16 ---
EFTA00011546
--- PAGE 17 ---
DoteSign Envelope ID: C9C42EIFS-7BCA-4108-A29F-423F141301D14 
procure the performance of third parties (other than Lender) under the Related Documents and 
any Contracts. 
15. 
Notices to Lender. Grantor will promptly notify Lender in writing at Lender's 
address shown above (or such other addresses as Lender may designate from time to time) prior 
to any (1) change in Grantor's name; (2) change in Grantor's assumed business name(s); (3) (if 
Grantor is a business) change in the ownership of the Grantor or management of the Grantor; (4) 
change in the authorized signer(s); (5) change in Grantor's principal office address; (6) change in 
Grantor's state of organization; (7) conversion of Grantor to a new or different type of business 
entity; (8) merger of Grantor with or into, transfer by Grantor of all or substantially all of its 
assets to, or acquisition by Grantor of all or substantially all of the assets of, any other entity; or 
(9) change in any other aspect of Grantor that directly or indirectly relates to any agreements 
between Grantor and Lender. No change in Grantor's name or state of organization will take 
effect until after Lender has received notice. 
16. 
Location of the Collateral. Grantor will hangar or keep the Collateral at its 
home airport or base location (the "Home Airport"), which is: 
Chino Airport (CNO) 
17. 
Maintenance, Use, Repairs, Inspections, and Licenses. Grantor, at its expense, 
shall do, or cause to be done, in a timely manner with respect to the Collateral each and all of the 
fol lowing: 
17.1 
Grantor shall maintain and keep the Collateral in as good condition and repair as 
it is on the date of this Agreement, ordinary wear and tear excepted. 
17.2 
Grantor shall maintain and keep the Aircraft in good order and repair and in 
airworthy condition in accordance with the requirements of the FAA and each of 
the manufacturers' manuals and mandatory service bulletins and each of the 
manufacturers' non-mandatory service bulletins which relate to airworthiness, and 
as recommended or required by any rules, regulations, or guidelines of the FAA 
and/or the manufacturer. 
17.3 
Grantor shall replace in or on the Airframe, any and all Engines, parts, appliances, 
instruments or accessories which may be worn out, lost, destroyed or otherwise 
rendered unfit for use. 
17.4 
Grantor shall cause to be performed, on all parts of the Aircraft, all applicable 
mandatory airworthiness directives, Federal Aviation Regulations, special Federal 
Aviation Regulations, and manufacturers' 
service bulletins relating to 
airworthiness, the compliance date of which shall occur while this Agreement is 
in effect. 
17.5 
Grantor shall be responsible for all required inspections of the Aircraft and 
licensing or re-licensing of the Aircraft in accordance with all applicable FAA and 
other governmental requirements. Grantor shall at all times cause the Aircraft to 
1518211451 
EFTA00011547
--- PAGE 18 ---
EFTA00011548
--- PAGE 19 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID. C9C428F8-78CA-4108-429F.423F14$01D14 
have on board and in a conspicuous location a current Certificate of Airworthiness 
issued by the FAA. 
17.6 
All inspections, maintenance, modifications, repairs, and overhauls of the Aircraft 
(including those performed on the Airframe, the Engines or any components, 
appliances, accessories, instruments, or equipment) shall be performed by 
personnel authorized by the FAA to perform such services. 
17.7 If any Engine, component, appliance, accessory, instrument, equipment or part of 
the Aircraft shall reach such a condition as to require overhaul, repair or 
replacement, for any cause whatever, in order to comply with the standards for 
maintenance and other provisions set forth in this Agreement, Grantor may: 
(a) 
Install on or in the Aircraft such items of substantially the same 
type in temporary replacement of those then installed on the Aircraft, pending overhaul or repair 
of the unsatisfactory item; provided, however, that such replacement items must be in such a 
condition as to be permissible for use upon the Aircraft in accordance with the standards for 
maintenance and other provisions set forth in this Agreement; provided further, however, that 
Grantor at all times must retain unencumbered title to any and all items temporarily removed; or 
(b) 
Install on or in the Aircraft such items of substantially the same 
type and value in permanent replacement of those then installed on the Aircraft; provided, 
however, that such replacement itcms must be in such condition as to be permissible for use 
upon the Aircraft in accordance with the standards for maintenance and other provisions set forth 
in this Agreement; provided further, however, that in the event Grantor shall be required or 
permitted to install upon the Airframe or any Engine, components. appliances, accessories, 
instruments, engines, equipment or parts in permanent replacement of those then installed on the 
Airframe or such Engine, Grantor may do so provided that, in addition to any other requirements 
of this Agreement: 
(i) 
Lender is not divested of its security interest in and lien 
upon any item removed from the Aircraft and that no such removed item shall be or become 
subject to the lien or claim of any person, unless and until such item is replaced by an item of the 
type and condition required by this Agreement. title to which, upon its being installed or attached 
to the Airframe, is validly vested in Grantor, free and clear of all liens and claims, of every kind 
or nature, of all persons other than Lender; 
(ii) 
Grantor's title to every substituted item shall immediately 
be and become subject to the security interests and liens of Lender and each of the provisions of 
this Agreement, and each such item shall remain so encumbered and so subject unless it is, in 
turn, replaced by a substitute item in the manner permitted in this Agreement; 
(iii) If an item is removed from the Aircraft and replaced in 
accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, and if the substituted item satisfies the 
requirements of this Agreement, including the terms and conditions above, then the item which 
is removed shall thereupon be free and clear of the security interests and liens of Lender; and 
151821145 3 
EFTA00011549
--- PAGE 20 ---
EFTA00011550
--- PAGE 21 ---
nneuSign Envelope ID. C9C428F8-7EICA-4108-A29F-423F14801014 
(iv) 
Such items arc approved in writing by Lender in its sole 
discretion. 
17.8 
In the event that any Engine, component, appliance, accessory, instrument, 
equipment or part is installed upon the Airframe, and is not in substitution for or 
in replacement of an existing item, such additional item shall be considered as an 
accession to the Airframe. 
17.9 If the Engines are enrolled in or become enrolled in an "Engine Maintenance 
Program" at the time of loan application or anytime thereafter, Grantor represents, 
warrants, and covenants that the Engines will continue to be enrolled in such 
Engine Maintenance Program while this Agreement is in effect and until all 
amounts owed to Lender are paid in full. "Engine Maintenance Program" means 
the engine maintenance program provided by or similar to, but not limited to, any 
of the following: AlliedSignal's MSP, Allison's Power by the Hour, CFE Corp's 
CSP, Jet Support Services Inc.'s JSS1, Pratt & Whitney's ESP, Williams/Rolls' 
PBH, Rolls Royce CorporatcCarc, and EMS. 
17.10 If the auxiliary power unit ("APU") is enrolled in or becomes enrolled in a long-
term maintenance program at the time of loan application or anytime thereafter, 
Grantor represents, warrants, and covenants that the API) will continue to be 
enrolled in such maintenance program while this Agreement is in effect and until 
all amounts owed to Lender are paid in full. 
17.11 Grantor shall maintain all records, logs, and materials relating to the Aircraft 
required by, and in accordance with, the FAA and its rules and regulations, 
regardless of upon whom such requirements are, by their terms, normally 
imposed. 
17.12 The Aircraft shall be operated at all times by a currently certified pilot having the 
minimum total pilot hours and pilot-in-command hours required by FAA rules or 
regulations and applicable insurance policies. 
17.13 Grantor shall use, operate, maintain, and store the Aircraft, and every part thereof, 
carefully and in compliance with all applicable statutes, ordinances, and 
regulations of all jurisdictions in which the Aircraft is used, and with all 
applicable insurance policies, manufacturer's recommendations and operating and 
maintenance manuals, including, without limitation, FAR 91, 121, or 135, as 
applicable, and all applicable maintenance, service, repair and overhaul manuals 
and service bulletins published by manufacturers of the Aircraft or of the 
accessories, equipment and parts installed in the Aircraft. 
18. 
Taxes, Assessments and Liens. 
Grantor will pay when due all taxes, 
assessments and liens upon the Collateral, its use or operation, upon this Agreement, upon the 
Note, or upon any of the other Related Documents. Grantor may withhold any such payment or 
may elect to contest any lien ir Grantor is in good faith conducting an appropriate proceeding to 
contest the obligation to pay and so long as Lender's interest in the Collateral is not jeopardized 
151 821345.3 
EFTA00011551
--- PAGE 22 ---
EFTA00011552
--- PAGE 23 ---
DocuSegn Envelope ID C90128F8-78CA-4108-A29F-423F14801D14 
in Lender's sole opinion. If the Collateral is subjected to a lien which is not discharged within 
thirty (30) days, Grantor shall deposit with Lender cash, a sufficient corporate surety bond or 
other security satisfactory to Lender in an amount adequate to provide for the discharge of the 
lien plus any interest, costs or other charges that could accrue as a result of foreclosure or sale of 
the Collateral. In any contest Grantor shall defend itself and Lender and shall satisfy any final 
adverse judgment before enforcement against the Collateral. Grantor shall name Lender as an 
additional obligee under any surety bond furnished in the contest proceedings. 
19. 
Compliance with Governmental Requirements. 
Grantor shall comply 
promptly with all laws, ordinances and regulations of the FAA and all other governmental 
authorities applicable to the use, operation, maintenance, overhauling or condition of the 
Collateral. Grantor may contest in good faith any such law, ordinance or regulation and withhold 
compliance during any proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Lender's interest in 
the Collateral, in Lender's opinion, is not jeopardized. 
20. 
Maintenance of Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain at all times all 
risks insurance on the Collateral, including without limitation, ground, taxiing and in flight 
coverage, loss, damage, destruction, fire, theft, liability and hull insurance, and such other 
insurance as Lender may require with respect to the Collateral, in form, amounts, coverages and 
basis reasonably acceptable to Lender and issued by a company or companies reasonably 
acceptable to Lender. Grantor shall further provide and maintain, at its sole cost and expense, 
comprehensive public liability insurance, naming both Grantor and Lender as parties insured, 
protecting against claims for bodily injury, death and/or property damage arising out of the use, 
ownership, possession, operation and condition of the Aircraft, and further containing a broad 
form contractual liability endorsement covering Grantor's obligations to indemnify Lender as 
provided under this Agreement. Lender's other requirements for insurance as of the date of this 
Agreement, subject to modification at Lender's reasonable discretion, include the following: (I) 
the Borrower must be the named insured; (2) the policy must provide coverage to the engines 
while removed from the Airframe; (3) unless otherwise consented to by Lender in writing, the 
liability insurance policy must provide a minimum of $30 million liability coverage; (4) the all 
risks policy must be for the greater of (a) the amount of the Indebtedness or (b) the full insurable 
value of the Aircraft, and the basis must be the replacement value of the Aircraft; (5) the policy 
must contain a Breach of Warranty Endorsement up to 90% of the policy; (6) coverage must be 
maintained, in full force and effect, for the duration of the Note; (7) Bank of Hope (or its 
assignee) must be named as lienholder and Loss Payee; (8) the policy must not prohibit the loss 
payee from making insurance payments upon Grantor's failure to make payments or upon 
Borrower's default; (9) the policy must include territorial limits; (10) the policy must include 
coverage for possible seizure and/or impoundment, and/or war risk perils; (II) if the aircraft is to 
be operated by a charter operator or is party to a lease agreement with a charter operator, and 
Lender has consented to such use, the policy must include coverage for charter operation and for 
spare parts (engines); and (12) the policy must provide for notification of the loss payees upon 
termination of coverage. Such policies of insurance must also contain a provision, in form and 
substance acceptable to Lender, prohibiting cancellation or the alteration of such insurance 
without at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Lender of such intended cancellation or 
alteration. Such insurance policies also shall include an endorsement providing that coverage in 
favor of Lender will not be impaired in any way by any act, omission or default of Grantor or 
any other person. Grantor agrees to provide Lender with originals or certified copies of such 
151821345 3 
EFTA00011553
--- PAGE 24 ---
- 
EFTA00011554
--- PAGE 25 ---
00CuSigrl Envelope 10: C9C428F8-78CA-4108429F-423F14801D14 
policies of insurance. Grantor, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to time 
the policies or certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender. In connection with all 
policies covering assets in which Lender holds or is offered a security interest for the 
Indebtedness, Grantor will provide Lender with such lender's loss payable or other endorsements 
as Lender may require. Grantor shall not use or permit the Collateral to be used in any manner or 
for any purpose excepted from or contrary to the requirements of any insurance policy or policies 
required to be carried and maintained under this Agreement or for any purpose excepted or 
exempted from or contrary to the insurance policies, nor shall Grantor do any other act or permit 
anything to be done which could reasonably be expected to invalidate or limit any such insurance 
policy or policies. 
21. 
Failure to Provide Insurance. Grantor acknowledges and agrees that if Grantor 
fails to provide any required insurance or fails to continue such insurance in force, Lender may 
do so at Grantor's expense. The cost of any such insurance, at the option of Lender, shall be 
added to the Indebtedness. 
Grantor acknowledges that if Lender so purchases any such 
insurance, the insurance will provide limited protection against physical damage to the 
Collateral, up to an amount equal to the unpaid balance of the debt. Grantor's equity in the 
Collateral may not be insured. In addition, the insurance may not provide any public liability or 
property damage indemnification and may not meet the requirements of any financial 
responsibility laws. 
22. 
Application of Insurance Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly (not to exceed 
seven (7) days) notify Lender of any loss or damage to the Collateral in excess of $50,000, 
whether or not such casualty or loss is covered by insurance. Lender may make proof of loss if 
Grantor fails to do so within fifteen (15) days of the casualty. Lender shall have the right to 
receive directly the proceeds of any insurance payable to Grantor on the Collateral; and the 
insurance proceeds shall be paid directly to Lender. If Lender consents to repair or replacement 
of the damaged or destroyed Collateral, Lender shall, upon satisfactory proof of expenditure, pay 
or reimburse Grantor from the proceeds for the reasonable cost of repair or restoration. If Lender 
does not consent to repair or replacement of the Collateral, Lender shall retain a sufficient 
amount of the proceeds to pay all of the Indebtedness, and shall pay the balance to Grantor. Any 
proceeds which have not been disbursed within six (6) months after their receipt and which 
Grantor has not committed to the repair or restoration of the Collateral shall be used to prepay 
the Indebtedness. 
23. 
Insurance Reports. Grantor, upon request of Lender, shall furnish to Lender 
reports on each existing policy of insurance showing such information as Lender may reasonably 
request including, but not limited to, the following: (1) the name of the insurer; (2) the risks 
insured; (3) the amount of the policy; (4) the property insured; (5) the then current value on the 
basis of which insurance has been obtained and the manner of determining that value; and (6) the 
expiration date of the policy. In addition, Grantor shall upon request by Lender (however not 
more often than annually) have an independent appraiser satisfactory to Lender determine, as 
applicable, the cash value or replacement cost of the Collateral. 
24. 
Notice of Encumbrances and Events of Default. Grantor shall immediately 
notify Lender in writing upon the filing of any attachment, lien, judicial process, or claim 
relating to the Collateral. Grantor additionally agrees to immediately notify Lender in writing 
IS I82 I 345 3 
EFTA00011555
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA00011556
--- PAGE 27 ---
OocuSian Envelope ID: C9O42EIF8-7BCA-4106-A29F-423F14801O14 
upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, or event that with the passage of time, failure to 
cure, or giving of notice, may result in an Event of Default under any of Grantor's obligations 
that may be secured by any presently existing or future Encumbrance, or that may result in an 
Encumbrance affecting the Collateral, or should the Collateral be seized or attached or levied 
upon, or threatened by seizure or attachment or levy, by any person other than Lender. 
25. 
Notices of Claims and Litigation. Grantor will promptly inform Lender in 
writing of (I) all material adverse changes in Grantor's financial condition, (2) all existing and 
all threatened litigation, claims, investigations, administrative proceedings or similar actions 
affecting or concerning in any manner the Collateral, and (3) all existing and all threatened 
litigation, claims, investigations, administrative proceedings or similar actions affecting or 
concerning in any manner the Grantor or any Guarantor which could materially affect the 
financial condition of Grantor or the financial condition of any Guarantor. 
26. 
Inspection. Grantor shall permit employees or agents of Lender: (I) to inspect, at 
Lender's cost, the Aircraft, Engines and M'U once per year and thereafter as reasonably 
requested by Lender; (2) to inspect all other Collateral (including the logs, books, manuals and 
records comprising or related to the Collateral) for the Indebtedness, at any reasonable time, and 
(3) to examine or audit Grantor's books, financial statements, accounts, and records and to make 
copies and memoranda of Grantor's books, financial statements, accounts, and records, at any 
reasonable time, upon reasonable notice to Grantor; provided, however, upon an Event of 
Default, Lender may inspect any and all Collateral at any time, at Grantor's expense. 
27. 
Compliance Certificates. Unless waived in writing by Lender, Grantor shall 
provide Lender within forty-five (45) days after the end of the nine month period following the 
Funding Date (the "Compliance Due Day") and within ninety (90) days annually of the 
Compliance Due Day thereafter, with a certificate executed by Grantor's chief financial officer 
and pilot, or other officer or person acceptable to Lender, certifying that or providing (a) the 
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement are true and correct as of the date of 
the certificate; (b) as of the date of the certificate, no Event of Default exists under this 
Agreement; (c) the Grantor has maintained and kept the Collateral in good order and repair and 
in airworthy condition in accordance with the requirements of each of the manufacturers' 
manuals and mandatory service bulletins and each of the manufacturers' non-mandatory service 
bulletins which relate to airworthiness; (d) the Grantor has performed, on all parts of the 
Collateral, all applicable mandatory airworthiness directives, and regulation of the Federal 
Aviation Administration; (e) the total number of hours and landings on the Airframe; (f) the total 
number of hours on the Engines since their last major overhaul or core; (g) verification that the 
Engines are enrolled in an Engine Maintenance Program; (h) verification that the APU is 
enrolled in a long-term maintenance program; and (i) the Engine serial numbers. 
28. 
Additional Assurances. Grantor will make, execute and deliver to Lender such 
promissory notes, mortgages, security agreements, assignments, financing statements, 
instruments, documents and other agreements as Lender or its attorneys may reasonably request 
to evidence and secure the Note and/or the Indebtedness. 
29. 
Continuation. 
The foregoing representations and warranties, and all other 
representations and warranties contained in the Note, the Related Documents, and this 
151821345 
EFTA00011557
--- PAGE 28 ---
I 
EFTA00011558
--- PAGE 29 ---
OnceSign Envelope ID. C9C428F8.78CA-4108-A29F-423F14801014 
Agreement are and shall be continuing in nature and shall remain in full force and effect until 
such time as the Note and all other obligations of Grantor to the Lender are paid in full and until 
this Agreement is terminated or cancelled as provided herein. 
30. 
PROHIBITIONS REGARDING COLLATERAL. 
Grantor represents, 
warrants and covenants to Lender while this Agreement remains in effect as follows: 
30.1 
Transactions Involving Collateral. 
Without the prior written consent by 
Lender, (i) Grantor shall not sell, offer to sell, or otherwise transfer or dispose of 
the Collateral, and (ii) Grantor shall not lease, pledge, mortgage, encumber or 
otherwise permit the Collateral to be subject to any lien, security interest. 
encumbrance, or charge, other than the security interest provided for in this 
Agreement. This includes security interests even if junior in right to the security 
interests granted under this Agreement. Unless waived by Lender, all proceeds 
from any disposition of the Collateral (for whatever reason) shall be held in trust 
for Lender, and shall not be commingled with any other funds; provided however, 
this requirement shall not constitute consent by Lender to any sale or other 
disposition. Upon receipt, Grantor shall immediately deliver any such proceeds to 
Lender. 
30.2 
No Commercial Use. 
Grantor shall use the Collateral solely for business 
purposes. Grantor shall not, without prior written consent of Lender, use the 
Collateral, or permit the Collateral to be used, in Commercial Operations, except 
Grantor may operate the Collateral on a FAR Pan 135 basis, provided the use is 
covered by Grantor's insurance policy for the Collateral. 
30.3 
Removal of the Collateral. Except for routine use, Grantor shall not change the 
Home Airport or remove the Collateral from the Home Airport without prior 
written notice to Lender. Grantor shall, if an Event of Default has occurred, advise 
Lender of the exact location of the Collateral upon Lender's request. Grantor 
shall not base, or permit the Collateral to be based, outside the continental United 
States of America. 
30.4 
Travel Restrictions. Grantor shall not operate or locate the Collateral, or permit 
the Collateral to be operated, located, or flown (i) outside the continental United 
States without war risk coverage, (ii) in or over any country for which the U.S. 
State Department has issued travel restrictions (excluding any such travel 
restriction made solely with respect to the spread of Covid-I9), (iii) in or over any 
country or jurisdiction that does not maintain full diplomatic relations with the 
United States, (iv) in or over any area of hostilities, or (v) in or over any 
geographic area not covered by the insurance then in effect. Without limiting the 
foregoing, Grantor agrees that at no time during the effectiveness of this 
Agreement shall the Collateral be operated in, flown over. or temporarily located 
in any jurisdiction, unless the Geneva Convention, together with its necessary 
enacting rules and regulations (or some comparable treaty and regulations 
satisfactory to Lender) shall be in effect in such jurisdiction and any notices. 
financing statements, documents, or instruments necessary or required, in the 
15'82'345 
EFTA00011559
--- PAGE 30 ---
. 
EFTA00011560
--- PAGE 31 ---
DocuSean Envelope ID: CHCA28F8-78CA-4108-A28F-423F14801O14 
opinion of Lender, to be filed in such jurisdiction shall have been filed and file 
stamped copies thereof shall have been furnished to Lender. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, at no time shall the Collateral be operated in or over any area which 
may expose Lender to any penalty, fine, sanction or other liability, whether civil 
or criminal, under any applicable law, rule, treaty or convention; nor may the 
Collateral be used in any manner which is or may be declared to be illegal and 
which may thereby render the Collateral liable to confiscation, seizure, detention 
or destruction. 
30.5 
No Removal of Parts. Except as permitted or required in the section of this 
Agreement titled "Maintenance, Use, Repairs, Inspections, and Licenses," 
Grantor shall not remove or permit the removal of any parts, engines, accessories, 
avionics or equipment from the Aircraft without replacing the same with 
comparable parts, engines, accessories, avionics and equipment acceptable to 
Lender and the Aircraft's manufacturer and insurer. 
30.6 
Modifications. Grantor shall not, without the prior written consent of Lender, 
modify the Aircraft in any material way, including but not limited to, the 
Aircraft's function or operating capability. 
31. 
Future Encumbrances. Grantor shall not, without the prior written consent of 
Lender, grant any Encumbrance that may affect the Collateral, or any part or parts thereof, nor 
shall Grantor permit or consent to any Encumbrance attaching to or being filed against the 
Collateral, or any part or parts thereof, in favor of anyone other than Lender. Grantor shall 
further promptly pay when due all statements and charges of airport authorities, mechanics, 
laborers, materialmcn, suppliers and others incurred in connection with the use, operation, 
storage, maintenance and repair of the Aircraft so that no Encumbrance may attach to or be filed 
against the Aircraft or other Collateral. Grantor shall not file or register (or consent to the filing or 
registration of) any International Interest, Contract of Sale, or subordination, whether prospective 
or otherwise (or any amendment, assignment, modification, supplement, subordination or 
subrogation thereof) pertaining to the Aircraft, with the FAA or the International Registry without 
the prior written consent of Lender, which may be withheld in its sole discretion. Grantor shall not 
execute or deliver an IDERA in favor of any party other than the Lender without the prior written 
consent of Lender, which may be withheld in its sole discretion. Grantor additionally agrees to 
obtain, upon request by Lender, and in form and substance as may then be satisfactory to Lender, 
appropriate releases, terminations, discharges, waivers and/or subordinations of any 
Encumbrances that may affect the Collateral at any time and, at Lender's option cause same to 
be filed or registered with the FAA or International Registry as applicable. 
32. 
GRANTOR'S RIGHT TO POSSESSION. Until an Event of Default, Grantor 
shall have the possession and beneficial use of the Collateral and may use it in any lawful 
manner not inconsistent with this Agreement or the Related Documents. 
33. 
LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. If any action or proceeding is commenced that 
would materially affect Lender's interest in the Collateral or if Grantor fails to comply with any 
provision of this Agreement or any Related Documents, including but not limited to Grantor's 
failure to discharge or pay when due any amounts Grantor is required to discharge or pay under 
151821345.3 
EFTA00011561
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA00011562
--- PAGE 33 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID. C9C42BF8-7ECA-4108-A29F-423F14801D14 
this Agreement or any Related Documents, Lender, on Grantor's behalf, may (but shall not be 
obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but not limited to 
discharging or paying all taxes, liens, security interests, International Interests, Contracts of Sale, 
encumbrances and other claims (including the filing of any interest with the FAA or the 
registration of any interest with the International Registry), at any time levied or placed on the 
Collateral and paying all costs for inspecting, repairing, operating, insuring, maintaining and 
preserving the Collateral. All such expenditures incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes 
will then bear interest at the rate charged under the Note from the date incurred or paid by 
Lender to the date of repayment by Grantor. All such expenses will become a part of the 
Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, will (i) be payable on demand; (ii) be added to the balance 
of the Note and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment payments to become 
due during either (a) the terms of any applicable insurance policy; or (b) the remaining term of 
the Note; or (iii) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Note's 
maturity. This Agreement also will secure payment of these amounts. Such right shall he in 
addition to all other rights and remedies to which Lender may be entitled upon an Event of 
Default. 
34. 
DEFAULT. Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under this 
Agreement: 
34.1 
Note Default. Any Event of Default under the Note or the Indebtedness. 
34.2 
Other Defaults. Grantor fails to comply with or to perform any other term, 
obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement, the Note, the 
Indebtedness, or the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any 
term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other agreement between 
Lender and Grantor. 
34.3 
Defective Collateralization. This Agreement, the Note, or any of the Related 
Documents ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of any collateral 
document to create a valid and perfected first priority security interest or lien) at 
any time and for any reason. 
34.4 
False Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished 
to Lender by Grantor or on Grantor's behalf under the Note, this Aircraft Security 
Agreement, or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any material 
respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or becomes false or 
misleading at any time thereafter. 
34.5 
Death or Insolvency. The dissolution or termination of Grantor's existence 
(regardless of whether election to continue is made), the death of Grantor (if 
Grantor is an individual), the death of any member of Grantor or any member 
withdraws from Grantor (if Grantor is a Limited Liability Company), or any other 
termination of Grantor's existence as a going business, the insolvency of Grantor, 
the appointment of a receiver for any part of Grantor's property, any assignment 
for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of 
any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Grantor. 
15'321145 
EFTA00011563
--- PAGE 34 ---
EFTA00011564
--- PAGE 35 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: C9C428,8-7I3CA-4108-A29F-423F14801014 
34.6 
Creditor or Forfeiture Proceedings. 
Commencement of foreclosure or 
forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding. self-help, repossession or 
any other method, by any creditor of Grantor or by any governmental agency 
against any collateral securing the loan. This includes a garnishment of any of 
Grantor's accounts, including deposit accounts, with Lender. However, this Event 
of Default shall not apply if there is a good faith dispute by Grantor as to the 
validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the creditor or 
forfeiture proceeding and if Grantor gives Lender written notice of the creditor or 
forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender monies or a surety bond for the 
creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined by Lender, in its 
reasonable discretion, as being an adequate reserve or bond for the dispute. 
34.7 
Events Affecting Guarantor. If a Guarantor(s) exists: Any of the preceding 
events occurs with respect to any Guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation 
party of any of the Indebtedness or any Guarantor, endorser, surety, or 
accommodation party dies or becomes incompetent, or revokes or disputes the 
validity of, or liability under, any Guaranty of the Indebtedness. 
34.8 
Change in Ownership or Management. If the Grantor is an entity (including 
without limitation, a partnership, a limited partnership, a limited liability 
company, or a corporation), any change in ownership or control of twenty-five 
percent (25%) or more of the equity interests of Grantor or any change in the 
management of Grantor, whether voluntary or involuntary or resulting from the 
death of an owner or manager of the Grantor. 
35. 
RIGHT TO CURE. If any Event of Default, other than a default on 
Indebtedness, is curable and if Borrower or Grantor, as the case may be, has not been given a 
notice of a similar Event of Default within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured if 
Borrower or Grantor, as the case may be, after Lender sends written notice to Borrower or 
Grantor, as the case may be, demanding cure of such Event of Default: (I) cure the Event of 
Default within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than fifteen (15) days, 
immediately initiate steps which Lender deems in Lender's sole discretion to be sufficient to cure 
the Event of Default and thereafter continue and complete all reasonable and necessary steps 
sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical. 
36. 
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. If an Event of Default occurs 
under this Agreement, at any time thereafter, Lender shall have all the rights of a secured party 
under the Uniform Commercial Code and a creditor under the Convention, and Lender shall have 
and may exercise any or all other rights and remedies it may have available at law, in equity, or 
otherwise. In addition and without limitation, Lender may exercise any one or more of the 
following rights and remedies: 
36.1 
Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender may declare the entire Indebtedness, including 
any prepayment premium which Grantor would be required to pay, immediately 
due and payable, without notice of any kind to Grantor. 
I5 
ISI821345 
EFTA00011565
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA00011566
--- PAGE 37 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: C9C428F8-7BCA-4108-A29F-423F14801D14 
36.2 
Assemble Collateral. Lender may require Grantor to deliver to Lender all or any 
portion of the Collateral and any and all certificates of title and other documents 
relating to the Collateral. Lender may require Grantor to assemble the Collateral 
and make it available to Lender at a place to be designated by Lender. Lender also 
shall have full power to enter upon the property of Grantor to take possession of 
and remove the Collateral. If the Collateral contains other goods not covered by 
this Agreement at the time of repossession, Grantor agrees Lender may take such 
other goods, provided that Lender makes reasonable efforts to return them to 
Grantor after repossession. 
36.3 
Sale of the Collateral. Lender shall have full power to sell, lease, transfer, or 
otherwise deal with the Collateral or proceeds thereof in Lender's own name or 
that of Grantor. Lender may sell the Collateral at public auction or private sale. 
Unless the Collateral threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type 
customarily sold on a recognized market, Lender will give Grantor, and other 
persons as required by law, reasonable notice of the time and place of any public 
sale, or the time after which any private sale or any other disposition of the 
Collateral is to be made. However, no notice need be provided to any person who, 
after Event of Default occurs, enters into and authenticates an agreement waiving 
that person's right to notification of sale. The requirements of reasonable notice 
shall be met if such notice is given at least ten (10) business days before the time 
of the sale or disposition. All expenses relating to the disposition of the Collateral, 
including without limitation the expenses of retaking, inspecting, repairing, 
operating, holding, insuring, preparing for sale and selling the Collateral, shall 
become a part of the Indebtedness secured by this Agreement and shall be payable 
on demand, with interest at the Note rate from date of expenditure until repaid. 
36.4 
Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to 
take possession of all or any part of the Collateral, with the power to protect and 
preserve the Collateral, to operate the Collateral preceding foreclosure or sale, and 
to collect the rents from the Collateral and apply the proceeds, over and above the 
cost of the receivership, against the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without 
bond if permitted by law. Lender's right to the appointment of a receiver shall 
exist whether or not the apparent value of the Collateral exceeds the Indebtedness 
by a substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person 
from serving as a receiver. 
36.5 
Obtain Deficiency. If Lender chooses to sell any or all of the Collateral, Lender 
may obtain a judgment against Grantor for any deficiency remaining on the 
Indebtedness due to Lender after application of all amounts received from the 
exercise of the rights provided in this Agreement. 
36.6 
Election of Remedies. Except as may be prohibited by applicable law, all of 
lender's rights and remedies, whether evidenced by this Agreement, the Related 
Documents, or by any other writing, shall be cumulative and may be exercised 
singularly or concurrently. Election by Lender to pursue any remedy shall not 
exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make expenditures or to 
151811315.3 
EFTA00011567
--- PAGE 38 ---
EFTA00011568
--- PAGE 39 ---
DocuSIgn Envelope ID. C9C42EIF8-7BCA-4108-A29F-423F14801014 
take action to perform an obligation of Grantor under this Agreemcnt, after 
Grantor's failure to perform, shall not affect Lender's right to declare a default 
and exercise its remedies. 
36.7 
Convention Remedies. In addition to the remedies previously set forth in this 
Agreement, Lender has all remedies available to a creditor under the Convention 
(and Grantor affirmatively agrees that Lender has all the rights and remedies, and 
can exercise all of the rights and remedies, granted a creditor under the 
Convention), including but not limited to (a) if Grantor is in possession, custody 
or control of the Collateral, Lender may enter Grantor's or any other person's 
premises and take possession of such Collateral; (b) to require Grantor to 
assemble and make available such Collateral at a location selected by Lender; (c) 
to sell, lease or otherwise dispose or cause the Grantor to sell, lease or otherwise 
dispose of the Collateral; (d) collect or receive any income, rents or profits arising 
from the management or use of the Collateral; and (e) procure the deregistration 
of the registration of the Aircraft and export of the Aircraft to a jurisdiction of 
Lender's choice pursuant to the IDERA. 
37. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF LENDER. Grantor agrees to indemnify, to defend 
and to save and hold Lender harmless from any and all claims, suits, obligations, damages, 
losses, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, Lender's reasonable attorneys' fees), 
demands, liabilities, penalties, fines and forfeitures of any nature whatsoever that may be 
asserted against or incurred by Lender, its officers, directors, employees, and agents arising out 
of, relating to, or in any manner occasioned by this Agreement and the exercise of the rights and 
remedies granted Lender under this Agreement, except in the case of any such claims, losses, or 
expenses arising out of Lender's gross negligence or willful misconduct. The foregoing 
indemnity provisions shall survive the cancellation of this Agreement as to all matters arising or 
accruing prior to such cancellation and the foregoing indemnity shall survive in the event that 
Lender elects to exercise any of the remedies as provided under this Agreement following an 
Event of Default hereunder. 
38. 
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions 
arc a part of this Agreement: 
38.1 
Assignment. Lcndcr may transfer or assign all or any part of its interest in this 
Agreement, together with any Related Documents, and Grantor hereby consents 
to any and all assignments or sales of, or the granting of participations in, this 
Agreement and any Related Documents, by Lender and any purchaser or assignee 
of any interest in this Agreement and any Related Documents. Grantor shall not 
sell, assign, transfer, encumber or convey any of its interests in the Collateral or in 
this Agreement or any Related Documents, without the prior written consent of 
Lender, which may be withheld in its sole discretion. 
38.2 
Amendments. 
This Agreement, together with any Related Documents. 
constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters 
set forth in this Agreement. No alteration of or amendment to this Agreement 
t7 
IS:82O453 
EFTA00011569
--- PAGE 40 ---
EFTA00011570
--- PAGE 41 ---
DocuSgn Envelope a C9C428F8-78CA-4108-A29F-423F14801D14 
shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by the party or parties sought 
to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment. 
38.3 
Anti-Money Laundering/International Trade Law Compliance. 
The 
Borrower represents and warrants to the Lender, as of the date of this Agreement, 
the date of each advance of proceeds under the Note, the date of any renewal, 
extension or modification of the Note, and at all times until the Note has been 
terminated and all amounts thereunder have been indefeasibly paid in full, that: 
(a) no Covered Entity (i) is a Sanctioned Person; (ii) has any of its assets in a 
Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned 
Person; or (iii) does business in or with, or derives any of its operating income 
from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned 
Person in violation of any law, regulation, order or directive enforced by any 
Compliance Authority; (b) the proceeds of the Note will not be used to fund any 
operations in, finance any investments ur activities in, or, make any payments to, 
a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any law, regulation, 
order or directive enforced by any Compliance Authority; (c) the funds used to 
repay the Note are not derived from any unlawful activity; and (d) each Covered 
Entity is in compliance with, and no Covered Entity engages in any dealings or 
transactions prohibited by, any laws of the United States, including but not limited 
to any Anti-Terrorism Laws. 
Borrower covenants and agrees that it shall 
immediately notify the Lender in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable 
Compliance Event. As used herein: "Anti-Terrorism Laws" means any laws 
relating to terrorism, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, import/export 
licensing, money laundering, or bribery, all as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time; "Compliance Authority" means each and all of the (a) 
U.S. Treasury Department/Office of Foreign Assets Control, (b) U.S. Treasury 
Department/Financial 
Crimes 
Enforcement 
Network, 
(c) 
U.S. 
State 
Department/Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, (d) U.S. Commerce 
Department/Bureau of Industry and Security, (e) U.S. Internal Revenue Service, 
(0 L'.S. Justice Department, and (g) U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 
"Covered Entity" means the Borrower, its affiliates and subsidiaries, all 
guarantors, pledgors of collateral, all owners of the foregoing, and all brokers or 
other agents of the Borrower acting in any capacity in connection with the Note; 
"Reportable Compliance Event" means that any Covered Entity becomes a 
Sanctioned Person, or is indicted, arraigned, investigated or custodially detained, 
or receives an inquiry from regulatory or law enforcement officials, in connection 
with any Anti-Terrorism Law or any predicate crime to any Anti-Terrorism Law, 
or self-discovers facts or circumstances implicating any aspect of its operations 
with the actual or possible violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law; "Sanctioned 
Country" means a country subject to a sanctions program maintained by any 
Compliance Authority; and "Sanctioned Person" means any individual person, 
group, regime, entity or thing listed or otherwise recognized as a specially 
designated, prohibited, sanctioned or debarred person or entity, or subject to any 
limitations or prohibitions (including but not limited to the blocking of property or 
rejection of transactions), under any order or directive of any Compliance 
IS 
151821345 3 
EFTA00011571
--- PAGE 42 ---
EFTA00011572
--- PAGE 43 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID C9C428F03-7BCA-4108-A29F-423F 1480%014 
Authority or otherwise subject to, or specially designated under, any sanctions 
program maintained by any Compliance Authority. 
38.4 
Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Agreement are for convenience 
purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions of this 
Agreement. 
38.5 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction. The Note, this Aircraft Security Agreement, 
and the Related Documents have been delivered to Lender and accepted by 
Lender in the State of California. The Note, this Aircraft Security Agreement, 
and the Related Documents will be governed by, construed and enforced in 
accordance with federal laws and the laws of the State of California. If there is a 
lawsuit, Grantor consents to the jurisdiction of all state and federal courts located 
within Los Angeles County, State of California, and Grantor agrees upon 
Lender's request to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Los Angeles 
County, State of California. 
38.6 
Notices. Any notice required to be given under the Note, the Related Documents, 
or this Agreement shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually 
delivered, when actually received by tclefacsimile (unless otherwise required by 
law), when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if mailed, 
when deposited in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail 
postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this 
Agreement. For notice purposes, Grantor agrees to keep Lender informed at all 
times of Grantor's current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, 
if there is more than one Grantor, any notice given by Lender to any Grantor is 
deemed to be notice given to all Grantors. 
38.7 
Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Note. 
the Related Documents, or this Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable 
as to any circumstance, that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal. 
invalid, or unenforceable as to any other circumstance. If feasible, the offending 
provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal, valid and 
enforceable. If the offending provision cannot be so modified, it shall be 
considered deleted from the Note, the Related Documents, or this Agreement. 
Unless otherwise required by law, the illegality, invalidity, or unenforceability of 
any provision of the Note, the Related Documents, or this Agreement shall not 
affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Note, 
the Related Documents, or this Agreement. 
38.8 
Successors and Assigns. Subject to any limitations stated in the Note, the 
Related Documents, or this Agreement, on transfer of Grantor's interest, the Note, 
the Related Documents, and this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to 
the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns. If ownership of the 
Collateral becomes vested in a person other than Grantor, Lender, without notice 
to Grantor, may deal with Grantor's successors with reference to this Agreement 
and the Indebtedness by way of forbearance or extension without releasing 
1821141 3 
EFTA00011573
--- PAGE 44 ---
EFTA00011574
--- PAGE 45 ---
DocuSIgn Envelope ID: C9C428F8.78CA.410e.A29F.423F14801D14 
Grantor from the obligations and liabilities of the Note, the Related Documents or 
this Agreement. 
38.9 
Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations, warranties, 
and agreements made by Grantor in this Agreement, the Note, and the Related 
Documents shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note, 
and the Related Documents, and shall be continuing in nature, and shall remain in 
full force and effect until such time as Grantor's Indebtedness shall be paid in full. 
38.10 No Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights 
wider the Note, the Related Documents, or this Agreement unless such waiver is 
given in writing and signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of 
Lender in exercising any rights under the Note, the Related Documents, or this 
Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver by 
Lender of a provision of the Note, the Related Documents, or this Agreement 
shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lender's right otherwise to demand 
strict compliance with that provision or any other provision of the Note, the 
Related Documents, or this Agreement. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any 
course of dealing between Lender and Grantor, shall constitute a waiver of any of 
Lender's rights or of any of Grantor's obligations as to any future transactions. 
Whenever the consent of Lender is required under the Note, the Related 
Documents or this Agreement, the granting of such consent by Lender in any 
instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where 
such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be granted or withheld 
in the sole discretion of Lender. 
38.11 Waive Jury. All parties to this Agreement hereby waive the right to any jury trial 
in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by any party against any other 
party. 
39. 
DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized words and terms shall have the 
following meanings when used in this Agreement, the Note, and any Related Documents. Unless 
specifically stated to the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful 
money of the United States of America. Words and terms used in the singular shall include the 
plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context may require. Words and terms not 
otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the 
United States Code and Regulations thereunder dealing with or involving Aircraft, commercial 
instruments relating to such Aircraft, and in the Uniform Commercial Code: 
39.1 
Agreement. The word "Agreement' means this Aircraft Security Agreement, as 
this Aircraft Security Agreement may be amended or modified from time to time, 
together with all exhibits and schedules attached to this Aircraft Security 
Agreement from time to time. 
39.2 
Aircraft and Business Loan Agreement. The words "Aircraft and Business 
Loan Agreement" mean that certain Aircraft and Business Loan Agreement dated 
as of May II, 2021, by and between Lender and Borrower. 
I5321345 
EFTA00011575
--- PAGE 46 ---
i 
EFTA00011576
--- PAGE 47 ---
(MooSin Envelope ID C9C428F8-7BCA-4108a29F-423F14801D14 
39.3 
Borrower. The word "Borrower" means N550GP, LLC. 
39.4 
Collateral. The word "Collateral" means (1) all of Grantor's right, title and 
interest in and to all the Collateral as described in the Collateral section of this 
Agreement, and (2) all other property and assets granted as security for the Note, 
whether real or personal property, whether granted directly or indirectly, whether 
granted now or in the future, and whether granted in the form of a security 
interest, assignment, pledge, chattel mortgage, trust receipt, lien, or any other 
security or lien interest whatsoever, whether created by law, contract, or 
otherwise. 
39.5 
Commercial Operations. 
The words "Commercial Operations" mean the 
carriage by aircraft in air commerce of persons or property for compensation or 
hire. Commercial Operations do not include carriage by aircraft in air commerce 
of Grantor's employees or invitees or Grantor's own property. 
39.6 
Consolidated Text. The words "Consolidated Text' mean the combination of 
the Convention and Protocol that was authorized pursuant to Resolution No. I 
adopted by the Cape Town Diplomatic Conference. 
39.7 
Convention. The word "Convention" means the Convention on International 
Interests in Mobile Equipment, and the Protocol to the Convention on 
International Interests in Mobile Equipment on Matters Specific to Aircraft 
Equipment, both signed in Cape Town, South Africa on November 16, 2001, as 
ratified by the United States, together with the Regulations for the International 
Registry and the International Registry Procedures, and all other rules, 
modifications, amendments, supplements, and revisions thereto. 
39.8 
Encumbrance. The word "Encumbrance" means any and all presently existing 
or future mortgages, liens, privileges, International Interest and other contractual 
and statutory security interests and rights, of every nature and kind, whether in 
admiralty, at law, or in equity, that now and/or in the future may affect the 
Collateral or any part or parts thereof. 
39.9 
Event of Default. The words "Event of Default," "Default" or "default" mean 
any of the events of default set forth in this Agreement, the Aircraft and Business 
Loan Agreement, or the Note in the sections entitled Default. 
39.10 FAA. 
The word "FAA" means the United States Federal Aviation 
Administration, or any successor or replacement administration or governmental 
agency having the same or similar authority and responsibilities. 
39.11 Funding Date. The words "Funding Date" mean the date the loan is funded. 
39.12 Geneva Convention. The words "Geneva Convention" mean the Convention on 
the International Recognition of Rights in Aircraft made at Geneva, Switzerland 
ISIS2I345 3 
EFTA00011577
--- PAGE 48 ---
EFTA00011578
--- PAGE 49 ---
DocuSign Envelope ID' C9C428F13-7BCA-4108-A29F-423F14/301014 
on June 19, 1948, (effective September 17, 1953). together with the necessary 
enacting rules and regulations promulgated by any particular signatory country. 
39.13 Grantor. The word "Grantor" means N550GP, LLC. 
39.14 Guarantor. 
The word "Guarantor" means any guarantor, surety, or 
accommodation party of any or all of the Indebtedness. 
39.15 Guaranty. The word "Guaranty" means the guaranty from Guarantor, endorser, 
surety, or accommodation party to Lender, including without limitation a guaranty 
of all or part of the Note. 
39.16 Indebtedness. The word "Indebtedness" means the indebtedness evidenced by 
the Note or Related Documents, including all principal and interest together with 
all other indebtedness and costs and expenses for which Grantor is responsible 
under this Agreement or under any of the Related Documents. 
39.17 International Registry. The words "International Registry" shall mean the 
international registry created pursuant to the Convention. 
39.18 Lender. The word "Lender" means Bank of Hope, or any other direct or indirect 
subsidiary of Bank of Hope. 
39.19 Note. The word "Note" means the promissory note executed by Grantor dated as 
of May 11, 2021, from Grantor to Lender, together with all renewals of, 
extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations of, and 
substitutions for the note or credit agreement. 
39.20 Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory 
notes, credit agreements, loan agreements (including, without limitation, the 
Aircraft and Business Loan Agreement), environmental agreements. guaranties, 
security agreements, collateral mortgages, cooperation covenants, agreements to 
provide insurance, resolutions, chattel mortgages, trust receipts, assignment 
pledges, and all other instruments, agreements and documents, whether now or 
hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness. 
39.21 Transportation Code. The words "Transportation Code" shall mean Subtitle 
VII, Part A of Title 49 of the United States Code, as amended. 
39.22 Uniform Commercial Code. The words "Uniform Commercial Code" mean the 
California Commercial Code Sec. 1101, et seq. 
39.23 The terms "Administrator", "Contract of Sale", 'International Interest', 
"International Registry", "Professional User Entity", "Professional User", 
"Prospective Contract of Sale", "Prospective International Interest", 
"Transacting User Entity", shall have the meanings given them in the 
Convention, unless the context requires otherwise. The term "searchable" shall 
have the meaning contemplated by Article 32 of the Consolidated Text. 
1511121345.3 
EFTA00011579
--- PAGE 50 ---
EFTA00011580
--- PAGE 51 ---
DocuSIgn Envelope ID: C9C42BF8-7BCA-4108-A2SF-423F14801D14 
39.24 Counterpart. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts and all 
such executed counterparts shall constitute one agreement which shall be binding 
on Borrower and Grantor notwithstanding that both parties arc not signatories to 
the same counterpart or counterparts. 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
151821345 1 
EFTA00011581
--- PAGE 52 ---
EFTA00011582
--- PAGE 53 ---
DowSign Envelope ID G9O128F8-78CA-4108-A29F-423F14801014 
GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS 
AIRCRAFT SECURITY AGREEMENT AND GRANTOR AGREES TO ITS TERMS. 
THIS AIRCRAFT SECURITY AGREEMENT IS DATED MAY 11, 2021. 
GRANTOR: 
N550GP, LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: Manager 
SIGNA WU PAGE - AIRCRAFT SECURITY AGREEMENT 
EFTA00011583
--- PAGE 54 ---
EFTA00011584
--- PAGE 55 ---
OozySign Envelope ID. C90428F87804-41084429F-423F14801014 
EXHIBIT A 
FORM OF IRREVOCABLE DE-REGISTRATION 
AND EXPORT REQUEST AUTHORIZATION 
May II, 2021 
This Irrevocable De-Registration and Export Request Authorization is filed with the Federal Aviation 
Administration in connection with that certain Aircraft Security Agreement, dated May II, 2021 by N550GP, LLC 
as the Grantor in favor of Bank of Hope as Lender, covering the Aircraft. 
To: 
United States Federal Aviation Administration 
Re: 
Irrevocable De-Registration and Export Request Authorization 
The undersigned is the registered owner of the Gulfsueam Aerospace Corporation (shown on the 
International Registry as GULFSTREAM), model GV-SP (shown on the International Registry as Gulfstrcarn 
GV•SP (G550)) aircraft bearing manufacturer's serial number 5173 and registration N2121F. (pending change to 
N5500P) (together with all installed, incorporated or attached accessories, parts and equipment, the "Aircraft"). 
This instrument is an irrevocable de-registration and export request authorization issued by the 
undersigned in favor of Bank of Hope ("the authorized party") under the authority of Article XIII of the Protocol 
to the Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment on Matters specific to Aircraft Equipment. In 
accordance with that Article, the undersigned hereby requests: 
(i) recognition that the authorized party or the person it certifies as its designee is the sole person 
entitled to: 
(a) procure the de-registration of the aircraft from the United States Civil Aviation Registry as 
maintained by the Federal Aviation Administration (the "FAA") for the purposes of Chapter 
III of the Convention on International Civil Aviation, signed at Chicago. on 7 December 
1944; and 
(b) procure the export and physical transfer of the aircraft from the United States; and 
(ii) confirmation that the authorized party or the person it certifies as its designee may take the action 
specified in clause (i) above on written demand without the consent of the undersigned and that, 
upon such demand, the authorities in the United States shall co-operate with the authorized party 
with a view to the speedy completion of such action. 
The rights in favor of the authorized party established by this instrument may not be revoked by the 
undersigned without the written consent of the authorized party. 
Please acknowledge your agreement to this request and its terms by appropriate notation in the space 
provided below and filing this instrument at the FAA. 
This Exhibit may be executed in multiple counterparts, which taken together shall constitute one instrument 
and each of which shall be considered an original for all purposes. 
(REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
151721345 3 
EFTA00011585
--- PAGE 56 ---
EFTA00011586
--- PAGE 57 ---
DecuSgn Envelope ID. C9C428F8-7BCA-4108-A29F-423F14801014 
N550GP, LLC 
fly: 
Name: 
Title: Manager 
Agreed to and filed this 
FAA notations if applicable 
SIGNATtRE PAC!, - IDEKA 
EFTA00011587
--- PAGE 58 ---
EFTA00011588
--- PAGE 59 ---
DocuSign Envelope 
C9O428F8-78CA-41(18-A29F-423F14801D14 
EXHIBIT B 
FORM OF IRREVOCABLE POWER OF ATTORNEY IN FACT 
(AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION) 
N550GP, I.LC, a limited liability company organized and validly existing under the laws 
of the State of California (the "Registered Owner"), is the grantor under that certain Aircraft 
Security Agreement, dated as of May II. 2021 (as amended, supplemented, and modified, 
the "Security Agreement"), executed in favor of Bank of Hope ("Lender"), and with respect, in 
part, to: 
One (I) Gulfstrcam Aerospace Corporation (shown on the International Registry as 
GULFSTREAM) model GV-SP (shown on the International Registry as Gulfstrcam GV-SP 
(G550)) aircraft, bearing manufacturer's serial number 5173 and U.S. Registration Number 
N2I2JE (pending change to N550GP), together with two (2) Rolls-Royce Deutschland Ltd & Co 
KG (shown on the International Registry as ROLLS ROYCE) model BR700-710C4-1 I (shown 
on the International Registry as BR7I 0) engines, bearing manufacturer's serial numbers 15449 
and 15448 (collectively, the "Aircraft'); and Registered Owner is the registered owner of the 
Aircraft with the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") Aircraft Registry (the "Registry"). 
Except as otherwise set forth herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set 
forth in the Security Agreement. 
In consideration of the loan made by Lender that is secured by the Security Agreement 
(the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged) and in accordance with the 
Security Agreement, Registered Owner hereby: 
I. 
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY APPOINTS Lender as its true 
and lawful Attorney in Fact (in such capacity the "Attorney in Fact") to generally do any and all 
such acts and things as may be required and to execute and deliver upon its behalf and in its 
name any documents, instruments or certificates and any amendments thereto (if any) which may 
be required to: 
(a) 
register, re-register or renew the registration of the Aircraft in the name of 
Registered Owner with the Registry, including but not limited to the execution of any 
FAA AC Forms 8050.1. 8050-1A or 8050-IB and the submission of any information or 
forms on or through the FAA websitc established to allow for the registration, rc-
registration or renewal of said registration; 
(b) 
to reserve or extend the reservation of the United States Registration 
Number associated with the Aircraft or to release or assign the United States Registration 
Number to another entity and/or aircraft; and 
(c) 
to take any action and to execute any instrument which Lender may 
reasonably deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of the Security 
Agreement or any othcr Related Document, or to exercise or enforce any right or remedy 
available to Lender thereunder or under any Applicable Law, including, without 
limitation, the right to execute and file documents with the Registry pertaining to the 
'S1021145 3 
EFTA00011589
--- PAGE 60 ---
EFTA00011590
--- PAGE 61 ---
DowSign Envelope ID: C9C428F84t3CA-41084.29r-423F14801D14 
registration, deregistration or termination, assignment or amendment of recorded liens or 
encumbrances with respect to the Aircraft, receive, endorse and collect all instruments 
made payable to Registered Owner representing any dividend, interest payment or other 
distribution in respect of the Collateral or any part thereof, and to give full discharge for 
the same. 
2. 
AGREES that: 
(a) 
Registered Owner shall indemnify, defend and hereby undertakes from 
time to time and at all times to indemnify and defend the Attorney in Fact against all 
costs, claims, expenses and liabilities properly incurred by any Attorney in Fact in 
connection herewith; 
(b) 
Registered Owner ratifies and confirms and will ratify and confirm any 
action taken and document executed by the Attorney in Fact by virtue of this Irrevocable 
Power of Attorney in Fact (the "Power of Attorney"); 
(c) 
any officer, director, or manager of Attorney in Fact may execute 
documents for Attorney in Fact in its capacity as Attorney in Fact for Registered Owner; 
(d) 
this Power of Attorney shall be conclusive and binding upon Registered 
Owner and no person or corporation shall be under any obligation to make any inquiries 
as to whether or not this Power of Attorney has been revoked, all parties may rely on an 
executed copy or facsimile of this Power of Attorney and the revocation or termination of 
this Power of Attorney shall be ineffective as to any documents executed pursuant to this 
Power of Attorney; and 
(e) 
this Power of Attorney may be filed with the Registry. 
The power of attorney set forth herein shall be deemed coupled with an interest and shall 
expire sixty-one (61) months from the date set forth below. This Power of Attorney shall in all 
respects be interpreted in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of California. 
[Signature page follows.] 
1518211453 
EFTA00011591
--- PAGE 62 ---
EFTA00011592
--- PAGE 63 ---
DocuS(gn Envelope ID. C9C42BF8-7BCA-4108-A29F-423F 14801014 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Power of Attorney was executed on this 
, 2021. 
N550GP, LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: Manager 
SIGNATURE PAGE - IRREVOCABLE POWER OF ATTORNEY (AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION) 
EFTA00011593
--- PAGE 64 ---
.
. 
EFTA00011594
--- PAGE 65 ---
DecoSion Envelope ID. C9C428F8-7BCA-4108-A29F-423FI4801D14 
IRREVOCABLE DE-REGISTRATION 
AND EXPORT REQUEST AUTHORIZATION 
May I I. 2021 
This Irrevocable De-Registration and Export Request Authorization is filed with the Federal Aviation 
Administration in connection with that certain Aircraft Security Agreement, dated May I I, 2021 by N550GP, LI.0 
as the Grantor in favor of Bank of Hope as Lender, covering the Aircraft. 
To: 
United States Federal Aviation Administration 
Re: 
Irrevocable De-Registration and Export Request Authorization 
The undersigned is the registered owner of the Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation (shown on the 
International Registry as GULFSTREAM). model GV-SP (shown on the International Registry as Gulfstream 
GV-SP (G550)) aircraft bearing manufacturer's serial number 5173 and registration N2I21E• (pending change to 
N550GP) (together with all installed, incorporated or attached accessories. parts and equipment, the "Aircraft"). 
This instrument is an irrevocable de-registration and export request authorization issued by the 
undersigned in favor of Bank of Hope ("the authorized party") under the authority of Article XIII of the Protocol 
to the Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment on Matters specific to Aircraft Equipment. In 
accordance with that Article, the undersigned hereby requests: 
(i) recognition that the authorized party or the person it certifies as its designee is the sole person 
entitled to: 
(a) procure the de-registration of the aircraft from the United States Civil Aviation Registry as 
maintained by the Federal Aviation Administration (the "FAA") for the purposes of Chapter 
III of the Convention on International Civil Aviation, signed at Chicago. on 7 December 
1944; and 
(b) procure the export and physical transfer of the aircraft from the United States; and 
(ii) confirmation that the authorized party or the person it certifies as its designee may take the action 
specified in clause (i) above on written demand without the consent of the undersigned and that, 
upon such demand, the authorities in the United States shall co-operate with the authorized party 
with a view to the speedy completion of such action. 
The rights in favor of the authorized party established by this instrument may not be revoked by the 
undersigned without the written consent of the authorized party. 
Please acknowledge your agreement to this request and its terms by appropriate notation in the space 
provided below and filing this instrument at the FAA. 
This Exhibit may be executed in multiple counterparts, which taken together shall constitute one instrument 
and each of which shall be considered an original for all purposes. 
(REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK) 
iSI870370 
EFTA00011595
--- PAGE 66 ---
i 
EFTA00011596
--- PAGE 67 ---
DowSign Envelope ID C9C42BF8-7E3CA-4108-A29F-423F14801014 
NSSOGP, LLC 
By: 
Name: 
Title: Manager 
Agreed to and filed this 
FAA notations Wan/pliable 
SIGNATURE PAGE - IDERA 
EFTA00011597
--- PAGE 68 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
ton MY III PM I: 46 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011598
--- PAGE 69 ---
DOCUMENT LEVEL ANNOTATIONS FOR DOCUMENT ARE012567787 
76128425114 $15 07/23/2021 
EFTA00011599
--- PAGE 70 ---
EFTA00011600
--- PAGE 71 ---
S Departure-t 
Aviation Safety 
of 1 ra-spolation 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
Date of Issue: February 24, 2021 
N550GP LLC 
ONTARIO, CA 
91764-5496 
II.I.,...III,..1.II,,,I..l.l.l..I..11.l...11,.1.1..1.1.....111 
Oklahoma Ci . Oklahoma 73125.0504 
Toll Free: 
WEB Address: 
I cIN 
HAND DELIVERED TO IN THE PD ROOM 
T211438 
This facsimile must be carried in the Aircraft as a Temporary Certificate of 
Registration for 
N212JE GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) Serial 5173 and is valid until Mar 
26, 2021. 
This is not an airworthiness certificate. For airworthiness information, contact the nearest 
Federal Aviation Administration Flight Standards District Office. 
for 
Acting Manager, Aircraft Registration Branch 
Federal Aviation Administration 
REGAR•FAX4 (02/21) 
EFTA00011601
--- PAGE 72 ---
EFTA00011602
--- PAGE 73 ---
LETTER OF EXTENSION 
(For Authority to Operate an Aircraft Pending Registration ) 
The authority to operate Aircraft N212JE. GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP 
(G550). SIN 5173 is extended for 120 days from the date stamped below, or until the 
Certificate of Aircraft Registration (AC Form 8050-3) is issued, whichever date occurs 
first. 
CF 
DATE 
Feb 24, 2021 
This Letter of Extension must be carried in the aircraft with a copy of the aircraft 
registration application as temporary authority to continue to operate the aircraft without 
registration within the United States. This is not an authorization to operate the aircraft 
without an appropriate Airworthiness Certificate (FAA Form 8100-2 or 8130-7), or its 
equivalent. 
U.S. Department 
of Transportation 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
Civil Aviation Registry 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73125-0504 
REGAR-37 (08/19) 
EFTA00011603
--- PAGE 74 ---
EFTA00011604
--- PAGE 75 ---
with a destination of Cabo San LucasiMexlco 
Return 
Getliiicaieof 
ReglSttg10ft to 
%0N5 A 
DECLARATION 
of 
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS 
The undersigned owner of aircraft N 212JE 
, Manufacturer  Gulfetreem Arareree. 
Model  6550 
(;v-So 
 Serial Number 5173 
declares that this aircraft is scheduled to make an international flight* on 02-26-2021 
 , 
(date) 
as flight Number N212JE 
 departingChlno/Califomla 
(City/State) 
(City/Country) 
required route between two points in the United States involves international navigation, explain under 
Comments below, e.g. "partly over Canada" or "partly in international airspace".) 
Expedited registration in support of this international flight is requested this 
 day of February 
21 
with knowledge that: 
Whoever, in any matter within the jurisdiction of the executive branch of the 
Government of the United States, knowingly and willfully makes or uses any 
false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, 
fictitious or fraudulent statement of representation shall be fined under Title 18 
United States Code or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. 18 U.S.C. 
§1001(a). 
Name of Owner 
Signature 
Typed Name and Title of Signer 
Phone: 
Comments: 
Fax: 
or capt 
01/4...axv4zer 
*[If required route between two points in the United States involves international 
navigation, explain under comments below, e.g. "partly over Canada" or "partly in 
international airspace".] 
Comments: Please fax the flying time wire to Insured Aircraft Title Service Inc. at ■ 
nsurc Aircraft I file Service 
Phone 
EFTA00011605
--- PAGE 76 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
Zell FEB 23 AN II: 09 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011606
--- PAGE 77 ---
T 
A 
ACTION 
J Nco-
Insured Aircraft Tide Service, LLC 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
CENTRAL RECORDS DIVISION 
OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA 
Date:  
February 11, 2021 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
Please Reserve N 
in NAME ONLY for: 
elk*** 
fi t 
N# CHANGE REQUEST 
Please Regrve N  
550GP" 
 and asssgn for the following aircraft: 
N  212JE  Make 
Gulfstream Aerospace 
 Model  
GV-SP (G550) 
 Serial # 
5173 
Which is (1) being purchased by 
XX 
 (2) registered to  
XX 
N550GP LLC 
Ontario, CA 91764 
Payment of the required $10.00 fee per number to reserve/assign is attached. If the preferred N number is not 
available, please contact the undersigned for a selection of a new number. Please send the confirmation of 
reservation/8050-64 form to Insured Aircraft Title Service, LLC in the Public Documents room of the FAA. 
Additional Information: **Relinquishment Attached 
Requested by: 
21CW., 1111.0,137 
Fee: 
$20.00 
TZ0Z/ZZ/Tne JO Pold000V 
EFTA00011607
--- PAGE 78 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTWION BR 
1011 FEB I I PM 2:02 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011608
--- PAGE 79 ---
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA - DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION - MIKE MONRONEY AERONAUTICAL CENTER 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION APPLICATION 
I) UMTED STATES 
REGISTRATION 
N 212.1E 
NUMBER 
O 
i maitauel 
4) TYPE OF REGISTRATION 
O 
Pinworm 
O 
Cal:CfeW 
C.R.Oencif 
O 
Cesernireni 
(C.1,444 ono tot , 
Larded Undoti ONTOFFN ILLCI 
O 
Non-Cieten Capwebon 
ID 9. letinCibeen emperor:A Co-Owser 
B 
AIRCRAFT 
MANUFACTURER 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE. GV-SP (G550) 
AND MODEL 
3) NRCRAM 
SERIAL 
5173 
NUMBER 
Q NAME(S) OF APPLICANT(S) (Persor(s) Moms cn ramie of owearm n retinal gee tam none. NO wee ma meek. iota j 
NSSOGP. LLC 
I) TELEPHONE NUMBER I 
7) RARING 
NUMBER 
RURAL 
coy, 
ADDRESS permanent make Sem fire 000cerd mkt) 
AND STREET 
_ 
ROUTE 
P.O. BOX 
Ontario 
STATE CA 
ZIP: 
91764 
4) PHYSICAL 
NUMBER 
OESCRIPTION 
LOCATION 
are 
ACCRESS/LOCATION f PO ROX MAIL MCP CR RI AN Nell OF WI% 'nun RIR MAN Itr; AITIFIFG‘ 
AND STREET 
OF 
STATE 
ZIP 
I) I 
CHECK HERE IF YOU ARE ONLY REPORTING A CHANGE OF ADDRESS 
ME 
(I) 
Thai 
12) 
It
GI 
Trial 
(4) 
TON 
Live 
0040040 
IIIXYSLYI0 
any trick 
bell 
SolliOus 
registraten 
10) 
CERiFICA1104 
a. b. c. of 9) 
CERMET: 
re Mom ercraS is Mead by re LrobsiEnwl mocker' Ma It MOT CHECKANII'OR CC:POLE-1E 
a a A owes of by ()ad Stem es Rifted by 49 USC aotodos151. 
• 
b A r0440ed mon sub alien mosinoon (Fors .1.5611 No. 
• 
C. A rioneezen =mason organzed one Barg business unler belles HOMO 
we sad toe 
is based as wirtiray ad Wine Untied Sinn Recut of Age haws we amiable soy repection at (peewee iserripMes Myslcal seeress) 
O 
A OrpOrMon very • mew mat le query. Enter terse Of Imslee 
boa c a a above a Ch•clod. I. M begs tired, ovary VW I an awrionzed. by re spoken snow tam to wen prima dearer,  WON 
me* war )49 Warne) on bomb of We only are 'Sire wands the in 
au:nommen if rectuniee. 
He a icre is sr recystered wider me Ian c4 any far 
ciourev: arid 
NON tercletice of oweresp is aftered or Nis been III/Own the Niel Aware Aawrisbascn. 
ANY APO ALL SIGNATORIES OF THIS APPLICATION MUST READ THE FOLLOWING AND UNDERSTAND THAT. BY APPLYING 
A SIGNATURE TO MS DOCUMENT. THEY ARE SUBJECT TO THE REFERENCED STATUTES AND ASSOCIATED PENALTIES. 
hereby alfiliy tat me Prrionnalon provided in. and n any acaclyrent to, the appicaton br aircraft registravon is rue, ac 4f318 and correct to GO best of mybur 
and tekd. Poe understand that the FM admineb-dor wi My on the 'Hofmann Vivo provide in deb)muning Hybor cual 'cation Vara* ellgINION3O. two 
that veiciewx. many mar wen the lurisdcton of any Ceparreinl Cr agency of the Unile0 Stales, knOwirgly and truly falsifies. conceals. Oe COWS up by 
stherne, or demo any maw al faCH),Staterftenfts), tic eserfaliONN or Entries) may be Anal up to $500,000 or imp,010(1 IV rot mote than Ave (5) years"' 
(18 U.S.C. §§ 1001 and 3571). ONO understand that 3) knOwegly and *Italy a) falsify or corceal a materal fact or b) use a Oxitnevi krowng it COT tans a lalse. 
or fraudulent SIICLIOOFLNOty, ac) provide any inaccurate. false statementinfonnaten can sJbject me to enamel prose-.44°n 149 U.S.C. § 46336). and the 
the sulisect arena may be colayod, deried andior revoked, 
NOTE: If executed for co-cremership, all applicants musts • 
Use neat 
and add page(s) 4 necessary. 
11) 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
12-22-2020 
TYPEOFPRINTE • 
NAME: 
Manager of Frontier JV LLC, its Member 
12) 
SIGNATURE: 
DATE 
TYPED/PRINTED 
NAME 
TITLE 
NOTE: Hem% when the most recent reantration of the sftie:et aircraft is expired or cancelled 14 CFR 47.3 UC) prOHMS for an airworthy 
U.S. NteraTt to be operated for up to 90 days radon the United States when a copy of the signed aircraft registration appbcation is carried 
in the aircraft elide awaiting issuance and receipt of the new regoratiOn cendeate. 
Accepted GC Feb/24/2021 
AC Fenn K60-I (MO) 
?ago I 
EFTA00011609
--- PAGE 80 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
2020 DEC 22 ;14 ID 53 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011610
--- PAGE 81 ---
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT BILL OF SALE 
FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF $ 1.00 + OVC THE 
UNDERSIGNED OWNER(S) OF THE FULL 
LEGAL 
AND BENEFICIAL TITLE OF THE AIRCRAFT 
DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: 
UNITED STATES 
REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N 212JE 
AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURER & MODEL 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE, GV-SP (G550) 
AIRCRAFT SERIAL No. 
5173 
DOES THIS 
22nd 
DAY OF December 
2020 
HEREBY SELL, GRANT, TRANSFER AND 
DELIVER ALL RIGHTS, TITLE, AND INTERESTS 
IN AND TO SUCH AIRCRAFT UNTO: 
OMB Control No. 2120-0012 
Exp. 04/30/2017 
Do Not Writs In This Block 
FOR FAA USE ONLY 
PURCHASER 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
(IF INDIVIDUAL(S). GIVE LAST NAME. FIRST NAME, AND MIDDLE INITIAL.) 
N550GP LLC 
Ontario, CA 91764 
DEALER CERTIFICATE NUMBER 
AND TO ITS SUCCESSORS 
E.W.GOLCAL-ADMSNISZRATQRS. AND ASSIGNS TO HAVE AND TO HOLD 
SINGULARLY THE SAID AIRCRAFT FOREVER, AND WARRANTS THE TIRE THEREOF. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF 
HAVE SET 
MY 
HAND AND SEAL THIS 22nd 
DAY OF Dec., 2020 
NAME(S) OF SELLER 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
SIGNATURE(S) 
(IN INK) (IF EXECUTED FOR 
CO-OWNERSHIP, ALL MUSTSIGN. 
TITLE 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
Six G Aviation LLC 
Manager 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT (NOT REQUIRED FOR PURPOSES OF FM RECORDING: HOWEVER, MAY BE REQUIRED BY LOCAL LAW FOR 
VALIDITY OF THE INSTRUMENT.) 
ORIGINAL' TO FAA' 
AC Form 8050-2 (01/12) (NSN 0052-00429-0003) 
GC009140 Conveyance Recorded Feb/24/2021 04:21 PM FAA 
EFTA00011611
--- PAGE 82 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
2020 DEC 22 VI lO: 53 
OKLAHOMA WI? 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011612
--- PAGE 83 ---
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT BILL OF SALE 
FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF $ 1.00 + OVC THE 
UNDERSIGNED OWNERS) OF THE FULL 
LEGAL 
AND BENEFICIAL TITLE OF THE AIRCRAFT 
DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: 
UNITED STATES 
REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N 212JE 
AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURER & MODEL 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE, GV-SP (G550) 
AIRCRAFT SERIAL No. 
5173 
DOES THIS 
22nd 
DAY OF December 
2020 
HEREBY SELL, GRANT, TRANSFER AND 
DELIVER ALL RIGHTS, TITLE, AND INTERESTS 
IN AND TO SUCH AIRCRAFT UNTO: 
OMB Control No. 2120-0042 
Exp. 04/30/2017 
Do Not Wnte In This Block 
FOR FAA USE ONLY 
PURCHASER 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
(IF INDIVIDUAL(S). GIVE LAST NAME. FIRST NAME. AND MIDDLE INITIAL.) 
Six G Aviation LLC 
DEALER CERTIFICATE NUMBER 
AND TO ITS SUCCESSORS 
rvcriroin t DAn'ASTENT414. AND ASSIGNS TO HAVE AND TO HOLD 
SINGULARLY THE SAID AIRCRAFT FOREVER, AND WARRANTS THE TITLE THEREOF: 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF 
HAVE SET 
MY 
HAND AND SEAL THIS 
22nd DAY OF Dec 2020 
en 
NAME(S) OF SELLER 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
SIGNATURE(S) 
(IN INK) (IF EXECUTED FOR 
CO-OWNERSHIP, ALL MUSTSIGN. 
TITLE 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
Plan D, LLC 
Digitally signed by LAWRENCE VISOSKI 
itysivihmagdmpaskikcp000mx 
Manager 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT (NOT REQUIRED FOR PURPOSES OF FM RECORDING: HOWEVER. MAY BE REQUIRED BY LOCAL LAW FOR 
VALIDITY OF THE INSTRUMENT.) 
ORIGINAL: TO FAA 
AC Form 8050-2 (01/12) (NSN 0052-00429-0003) 
GC009139 Conveyance Recorded Feb/24/2021 04:20 PM FAA 
EFTA00011613
--- PAGE 84 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
2020 DEC 22 Al IO 53 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011614
--- PAGE 85 ---
DOCUMENT LEVEL ANNOTATIONS FOR DOCUMENT ARE012112330 
Agency Tracking ID: 76060977022 $5.00 12-22-2020 
EFTA00011615
--- PAGE 86 ---
EFTA00011616
--- PAGE 87 ---
DocuSIgn Envelope ID: 7E781336-7F2841F4-9381.8283DC960592 
PRINT PAGE 1 
PRIVACY ACT STATEMENT 
OMR Cann), Renter 2120-0729 
Exerts 0531/2014 
Paperwork Reduction Act Statement The trtorrnautan collected on ties form Is necessary to maintain *craft regliaration. We estimate that it we take approximately 30 mashes 
to complete the form Please note that an agency rrtsy not conduct or sponsor, end • person isnot refund lo respond to. • daemon of informer:mimeses it displays • Whit 
014/3 control number. Focm Approved, 01413 No. 21204721 'Comments concemMg Item accurecy of the burden and suggestions for reducing me lakeleri should be directed to 
the FAA at 400 Independence Menus SW. weshingsm. DC 20591. ATTN: intormeton Colleclen Clearance Censer. AES-200.' 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION - FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION RENEWAL APPLICATION 
FAILURE TO RENEW REGISTRATKW WEL 
RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF REGISTRATION 
AND REGISTRATION NUMBER ASSIGNMENT 
(So• 14 C.F.R yg 47.150), 47.40 and 47.41) 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N 212JE 
MANUFACTURER 
Gulfstream Aerospace 
DATE OF ISSUANCE 
 DATE OF EXPIRATION 
3-31-2017 
 3.31-2020 
ENTER REGISTERED OWNER(S) & ADDRESS FROM FAA FILE 
(Owner I) Plan 0 LLC 
(Owner 2)  
&It Enter an addrbonal owner names on a e two 
SERIAL NUMBER 
5173 
MODEL 
GV-SP (6550) 
(Address) 
(AddreSS) 
City  St. Thomas 
 State VI 
zip  00802 
Country 
Virgin Islands USA 
Physical Address: Required when mailing address is a P.0 Box or men' drop 
(Address) 
(Address) 
City  
 State 
Zip  
Country 
TO RENEW REGISTRATION: Rfvisw ascrefl regAtration information. 
ELECT ter appropnate statement ENTER  any change in address in the 
spaces below, Stat. leg,  a af22 form with the $5 renewal fee to the: 
FAA Aircraft Registry, PO SOX 25504, Oklahoma City OK 73125-0504. or 
by cagier lo: 6425 S Denning Room 118, Oklahoma City OK 73189-6937 
O 
I (WE)CERTIFY, THE NAME(S) AND ADDRESSES FROM THE FM FILES 
FOR THE OWNER(S) OF THIS AIRCRAFT ARE CORRECT, OWNERSHIP 
MEETS CITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENTS Of 14 CFR 547.3, AIRCRAFT IS 
NOT REGISTERED UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
UPDATE THE MAILING / PHYSICAL ADDRESS AS SHOWN BELOW. 
I (WE) CERTIFY THE: NAME(S) SHOWN ABOVE FOR THE OriNER(S) OF 
THIS AIRCRAFT IS CORRECT, OWNERSHIP MEETS THE CITIZENSHIP 
REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR 547.3. AIRCRAFT IS NOT REGISTERED 
UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
NEW PHYSICAL ADDRESS: complele if physical address has changed, or 
the new mailing address is a PO Box or Mall Drop. 
LLC 
St. Thomas USVI 00802 
TYPE OF REGISTRATION 
LLC 
HELPFUL INFORMATION 
Review Aircraft Registration File Information for this aircraft 
at: http//relaistry.faa denadirciraftirsquiry 
Assistance may be obtained 
al our web pogo 
by e-rnel al 
by le'ophore at IIIMMIlrie.3111 
When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
payabe to the Federal Aviation Adminstrabon. 
Signature and This Requirements for Common Registration Types: 
• InOwicloal 
owner must sign. title would be 'owner'. 
Partnership 
general partner signs showing 'general garbler' as Mkt. 
• Corporatism 
corporate officer or manager signs, shoeing full 
- Limited liability Co sultronzed member. manager. or officer identrasd in the 
LLC orgarization document signs sheelng full bee. 
Co-owner 
each co-owner must sign. showing 'moaner as See. 
• Government 
authorized person must sign and showtheir MIN* 
Note: All signatures must be In Ink, or other permanent media. 
To correct entries: Draw a single line through error. Mike correct entry In 
tentO:ntrta space, or complete the form on-line. An application form wdl be 
rejected if any entry is covered by corrector, tape or *milady obsctsod 
TO CANCEL THE REGISTRATION FOR THIS AIRCRAFT: 
CHECK all applicable blocks below, COMPLETE AMC DATE & MAIL INS 
form wNh 
FAA Moak Registry. 
ON, OK, 73125-0504, or by courier to: 
Oklahoma City OK 73169-6937 
C 
CANCELLATION OF REGISTRATION IS REQUESTED. 
K 
THE AIRCRAFT WAS SOLD TO: 
(Show purchaser's name and address.) 
C 
THE AIRCRAFT IS DESTROYED OR SCRAPPED. 
K 
THE AIRCRAFT WAS EXPORTED TO: 
O 
OTHER, Specify  
K 
PLEASE RESERVE N-NUMBER IN THE OWNER'S NAME 
AND ADDRESS. The $10 reservation fee is enclosed. 
SIGNATURE OF 0 
relned %MI 
taturumt- Usesti 
SIGNATURE OF 0 
FeitegneC9 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
Lawrence Visoski 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
(required Fed) 
TITLE 
(requred Feld) 
Manager
TITLE 
DATE 
2-21-2020
DATE 
Use page 2 for additional signatures. 
AC Form 8050-1B (04/12) 
200521518371 
Return Certificate of Registration tii3 Q° 02/21/2°20
1.A.T.S 
Accepted CW Feb/27/2020 
EFTA00011617
--- PAGE 88 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT 
REGISTRATION BR 
2020 FEB 21 PM 3: 12 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011618
--- PAGE 89 ---
S Orparenerr 
of Tranapontorn 
Federal Aviation 
Admndstrabon 
ASSIGNMENT OF SPECIAL 
REGISTRATION NUMBERS 
Special Registration Number 
N2IZIE 
Aircraft Make and Model 
GULFSTREAN1 AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) 
Present Registration Number 
N415LM 
Serial Number 
5173 
Issue Date: 
Aug 23, 2017 
This is your authority to change 
the United Slain registration 
number oo the above described 
aircraft to ihe special 
registration number shown. 
ICAO AIRCRAFT ADDRESS CODE FOR N212TE - 50340675 
PLAN D LLC 
ST THOMAS VI VI 00802 
Carry duplicate of this form in the 
aircraft together with the 
old registration certificate as 
irderim authority to operate the 
aircraft pent,* receipt of revised 
certificate of registration.
Obtain • revised certificate of 
airworthiness from your near-
est flight Standards Districl 
Office. 
The West FAA Form 8130-6, 
Application For Airworthiness 
on fie is dated: 
Mar 07, 2008 
The airworthiness dassilication 
and category: 
SID TRANS? 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
SIGN AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL of this form to the Civil Aviation Registry, AFS-750, within 5 days after the special 
registration number is placed on the aircraft. A revised certificate will then be issued 
The authority to use the special number expires: Aug 23, 2018 
CERTIFICATION; I certify that the spec. 
istration number was placed 
on the aircraft described above. 
444/46;oc-E 
/ 
0..s*X;I:
Signature of Owner 
Title of Owner /}2.47v,4 
. PAN 1), LL c 
Date Placed on Aircraft (Li 
aaer 
g 
" 
0? O / 
AC FORM MS0-64 (5/7005) Sapereedes PrtMoin Ulnae 
RETURN FORM TO: 
Civil Aviation Registry, AFS-750 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73125.0504 
EFTA00011619
--- PAGE 90 ---
FILED WITH FM 
AIRCRAFT RES'ISTs.
T9.71!! !IR 
2018 JAN S Pa 11 95 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011620
--- PAGE 91 ---
PLAN D, LLC Gulfstream G550 Serial #5173 
Thomas U.S.V.I. Quarters B3 00802 
08/07/2017 
To Whom it may concern / Ms Nancy, 
FAA Registry, 
At this time I'm requesting approval to apply N number N212JE to our Gulfstream G550 which is currently N4151.M. 
I have already pay the $10.00 Fcc from past ooncspondence„. 
Please mail the 8050-64 / Assignment of Special Registration blianbers to my airport address below if possible: 
Plan D. LLC do
 Atlantic Aviation 
West Palm Beach, FL 33406 
81.0e/Vtiuer 
EFTA00011621
--- PAGE 92 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION BR 
2017 AUG 9 API 11 05 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011622
--- PAGE 93 ---
DOCUMENT LEVEL ANNOTATIONS FOR DOCUMENT ARE008895928 
Receipt # 171881203014 $10.00 07/07/2017 
EFTA00011623
--- PAGE 94 ---
EFTA00011624
--- PAGE 95 ---
U S Department 
of Transportation 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
Date of Issue: March 31, 2017 
PLAN D LLC 
ST THOMAS, VI VI 00802 
Flight Standards Service 
Aircraft Registration Branch, 
AFS-760 
HAND DELIVERED TO IATS IN THE PD ROOM 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73125-0604 
Toll Free: 
WEB Address: 
T 172058 
This facsimile must be carried in the Aircraft as a Temporary Certificate of 
Registration for 
N4I5LNI GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) Serial 5173 and is valid until Apr 
30, 2017. 
This is not an airworthiness certificate. For airworthiness information, contact the nearest 
Federal Aviation Administration Flight Standards District Office. 
for 
anager, ircra 
egistration Branch, AFS-750 
Federal Aviation Administration 
MS-730-FAX-4 (01 141 
EFTA00011625
--- PAGE 96 ---
EFTA00011626
--- PAGE 97 ---
• r 
'irrrittr. •A • 
DECLARATION 
of 
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS 
The undersigned owner of aircraft N 4 I 5 LH) , Manufacturer  6 uLFs446-4.,-k. AerodfaCe 
Model 
- 
(G 550 ) 
 Serial Number  
5/ 73 
declares that this aircraft is scheduled to make an international flight* on AP ;t 3"2917 
. 
(date) 
as flight Number  t/ 1.; I- Adk 
 departing  
Te13) 
tcliyistrit) 
with a destination of Cl/ 571 s)- jnamasr OSV 14*4/7-assa S 
(CityrCounvy) 
'tilt required route between two points in the United States involves international navigation. explain under 
Comments below. e.g. "partly over Canada" or "panty in international airspace".] 
Expedited registration in support of this international flight is requested this 
,779 " 
 day of  
yr? n 
/7  with knowledge that: 
Whoever, in any matter within the jurisdiction of the executive branch of the 
Government of the United States. knowingly and willfully makes or uses any 
false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, 
fictitious or fraudulent statement of representation shall be fined under Title 18 
United States Code or imprisoned not mote than 5 years, or both. I8 U.S.C. 
§1001(a). 
Name of Owner 
?LAW . D.. 1-1-c 
Signature 
Typed Name and Title of Signer 
 ;pi, Raz)? E 
Visas g 
Amws4te 
Phone: 
Comments: 
Please send the Fly Time Wire to TATS via fax number 
r•-• •• Please return the Certificate of Registration to IATS via the PD Room at the FAA. 
Return Certificate 
Reiistr tion to: 
• 
EFTA00011627
--- PAGE 98 ---
A.113W 
1011117110 
VPONV7E0 
110 :11 V eta?! Ile 
NOIIVIIIS193e1 
AdVt1.78!? 
tete RIM 031Id 
EFTA00011628
--- PAGE 99 ---
U.S. Department 
of Tramoortaten 
Friers muse 
A•a•aNdr•tco 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA — DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
Federal Aviation Administration - Mike Mortrormy Aeronautics) Center 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION APPLICATION 
toTEDSTATO 
naisnarai N 415LAI 
NTS 
TYPE OF REGo9TRATION (Q
 eta/ 
CI I. MILS 
a 2. Palmate 
IZI a. Cortsculta llataglaattCO 
04. °anew 
S. Etna 
CI s. Nonalltoe Coopealtn 
Oa. satin Cayman Co.Ouswe 
AMCWT 
ISVOLIOACTURIR Gable All apes OV-SP (6ESO) 
AMMO& 
NOWT 
altal. 
Sin 
MASER 
premenovApputsmoipseerosan m Sara of awanalp I 1 Ineed••• en tie rainkts eel MI MIS itsei 
Plan D. LIZ 
11125/CINS Mir 
( 
) 
MAROC 
MAGER 
RURAL 
Oan:
S
STATE: 
AMMO 
Sal 
MO STREET: - 
• 
ROUTE. 
P.O. SOX 
ark 
t. Thames
USVI 
00802 
nosimADCOMILOCATai 
muieltMOVIRM: 
IF Pons mamas Ma rip BOX; MEM FOR KC I. NO Arx)octe 
DEMONSMOPMiAtioit. 
CM: 
STATE: 
EIP, 
ll OJECK HERE IF YOU ARE ONLY REPORTING A CHANGE OF ADDRESS 
UWE 
w 
M 
oe 
ATTENTION] Reed the following statement before 
'This portion must De completed. 
A false a dishonest anew to ony Question 
may be camel fa punishrnen! by Me end/or 
(U.S. Code, Tale 18, Section 
CERTIFICATION 
signing this application. 
In this appRoation 
impesonment. 
1001) 
Man MAal0 agar-0•)a Oa 110 0•400 
(CUM ADO COAPirl a. b. or al 
CERTIFY: 
Ts to atop Salt a mem ty to undo/wee acoburs •Ao es la • 
ea mob Ow tote neStreves gamey reassenrs at to Ore Pelage 
• • 
A MOWS San will a on rKtenkton (farm $441)110 
El 
A 
WM II 
ts. 
eoncilon owporattn 0iw 
are tag kept. Mar UM 
a POMO 
ipoirl Lab p'ectil fa Oaid tervi ralVer well. as IASO than rtmeeedmietionammobeis 
hopodka et 
r- A 0:Monte, wk. • vollm buil Is golly 
Enloe none Struts, 
Mil th• SOU IS WI NISIGINI .rate to km d trel bur oatn/4: at 
nap/ 0108SM til ease* a attafad nits adorns/ re re Non Avalon Savarstratan 
NOTE f MOW for 
le all extras% met sign. Use nest pot If mousey. 
SIGNATURE 
i
. 
DATE: Mogan 2$ 2017 
Puma 
L wrence Visoski 
rims: Manager 
9/MATURE: 
DATE: 
TYPEEVPRINTED 
NAME: 
TITLE: 
SONARIRE 
DATE: 
TYPED/PRINTED 
NAME: 
TITLE: 
NOM Vass =Med la no elsentts win ea appropriate carrot alrworthbas .at
 av • nal plot penult. 
• can ei Ode couplated application provides motherly so apnea the ten* la the Usltod Stases far op 40 90 clau. 
AC at  $0301 (ORM 
OMEI Control No 2120-0042 
CaectIon Eve' 4/302017 
V 
a 
a 
a
W 
EFTA00011629
--- PAGE 100 ---
Alla NOU
CI 
SO 4, d bZ UYN 1101 
NOI1V81SID3Z1 IdteU0111`; 
Intl RIM 03114 
EFTA00011630
--- PAGE 101 ---
'"%te"c^:s'!"— f. 
'4Agre}tel.r 
. . 
A
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT BILL OF SALE 
FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF $ 1.00 & OVC THE 
UNDERSIGNED OWNER(S) OF THE FULL 
LEGAL 
AND BENEFICIAL TITLE OF THE AIRCRAFT 
DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: 
UNITED STATES 
REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N415LM 
AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURER & MODEL 
Gulfsicearn Aerospace GV-SP (G550) 
AIRCRAFT SERIAL No. 
5173 
DOES THIS 
a9 
DAY OF March 
2017 
HEREBY SELL, GRANT, TRANSFER AND 
DELIVER ALL RIGHTS, TITLE, AND INTERESTS 
IN AND TO SUCH AIRCRAFT UNTO: 
OMB Cortrci No 2120.0042 
Exp 04,30,2017 
Do Not Write In This Block 
FOR FM USE ONLY 
PURCHASER 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
(IF INDNIDUAL(S). ONE LAST NAME. FIRST NAME. AND MIDDLE INITIAL ) 
6116.111
t. Thomas, USVI 00802 
DEALER CERTIFICATE NUMBER 
AND TO its successors 
ExcculOttro. +'-N'•fai ,swmOita AND ASSIGNS TO HAVE AND TO HOLD 
SINGULARLY THE SAID AIRCRAFT FOREVER. AND WARRANTS THE TIRE THEREOF: 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF we 
HAVE SET 
GUI
HAND AMISSEAL THIS 
DAY OF March 2017 
cc 
w 
-J 
NAME(S) OF SELLER 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
SIGNATURE(S) 
(IN INK) (IF EXECUTED FOR 
CO-OWNERSHIP, ALL MUSTSIGN. 
TITLE 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
Chevron U.S.A., Inc. 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT (NOT REQUIRED FOR PURPOSES OF FM RECORDING: HOWEVER, MAY SE REQUIRED BY Locfra. LAW FOR 
VALIDITY OF THE INSTRUMENT.) 
ORIGINAL: TO FAA 
AC Form 8050-2 (01/12) (NSN 0052-00-629-0003) 
170880913227 
$5.00 03/29/2017 
a 
*.0 
tO 3 
a 
O 
O a 
a
EFTA00011631
--- PAGE 102 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION OR 
2011 NAR.29 A 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011632
--- PAGE 103 ---
us Deport/Ion 
ol Transported*" 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
ASSIGNMENT OF SPECIAL 
NUMBERS 
ecial Reg resat on Number 
Special
N415LM
Aircraft Make and Model 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) 
Present Registration Number 
N4OIHB 
Serial Number 
5173 
Issue Date: 
Feb 01, 2017 
ICAO AIRCRAFT ADDRESS CODE FOR N4151M - 51)63671 
CHEVRON USA INC. 
OAK
IIII LAN
LII II
IP M9462 1-4543 
ililmliilillimlilialplidililiilidullildillilinliill 
This is yew sutbxity to change 
the United States registration 
number on the above desaibed 
aircraft to the special 
registration :cumber soat. 
Carry duplicate of this f arm iu the 
aircraft togetlar .ith the 
old registration certificate as 
Serial ant:hairy to operate the 
aircndt pending receipt of revived 
certificate of registration. 
Obtain a revised certificate of 
mints 
from your car-
at Flight Stirdards District 
Office. 
he laird FAA Farm 8130-6, 
Applkadon For Alrworttilarss 
ea flit b dated: 
Mn 07, 2008 
The alrwordtbseas damnification 
and eategary: 
STD TRANSP 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
SIGN AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL of this form to the Civil Aviation Registry, AFS-750, within 5 days after the special 
registration number is placed on the aircraft A revised certificate will then be issued. 
The authority to use the special mamba. expires: Feb 01. 2018 
CERTIFICATION: I certify that the special registration comber was phicod 
on
Si
Oklahoma 
RETURN FORM TO: 
Civil Avi . 
Registry, AFS-750 
City, Oklahoma 73125-0504 
Tide of Owner Assistant Secretary 
Date Placed on Aircraft mar Linn i aR) 1 i 
AC FORM Iran 
(YOMS) Saperwalas thole*. Edition 
Pleate re 9 arvt 
P4-0 tt b Back— it. Chevron 0.5.4. Inc . 
%0 .00 i s ailachwel 
170881345320 
$10.00 03/072017 
EFTA00011633
--- PAGE 104 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
MRCRAFT REGISTRATION RR 
P I: Il 
CALAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011634
--- PAGE 105 ---
I'
ACTION
Q. 
 / NC-cm 
Insured Aircraft Title Service, Inc. 
AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
CENTRAL RECORDS DIVISION 
OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA 
Date: 
Jaunary 30, 2017 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
Please Reserve N 
in NAME ONLY for. 
Please Reserve N 4151.1A 
••••••• 
MHO UM , 
• • •••••••• 
••••••• 
• 1.114. •• Oikl.• • On* ••••••••••• 
I. • 
Ng_Shange Request 
andrisign for the following aircraft: 
N 401H8 
Make Gultsbyam Aerospace 
 Model  
GV-SP (G550) 
 Serial*  
5173
Which is (1) being purchased by 
x 
 (2) registered to  
Chevron U'S A Inc. 
Oakland, CA 94621 
Payment of the required $10.00 fee per number to reserve/assign is attached. If the preferred N number is not 
available, please contact the undersigned for a selection of a new number. Please send the confirmation of 
reservation/8050-64 form to Insured Aircraft title Service, Inc. in the Public Documents room of the FAA 
Additional Information: Please reserve and assign N415O,1.16 N401HB 
Requested by: 
Fee: 
$20.00 
170300828499 
$20.00 01/30/2017 
LL06/910• 41/4 NI 
EFTA00011635
--- PAGE 106 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION BR 
• BA JAN 301 A & 31 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011636
--- PAGE 107 ---
OMB Control Number 2120.0729 
Iixpireseitr30/17 
Paperwork Reduction Act Statement: The information C011eCted on this form 6 necessary to mantain aircraft registration. We estimate that it will lake approximately 30 
minutes to complete the form. Pease note that an agency may not conduct or sponsor. and a person is not required to respond to. a collection of information unless it displays a 
valid CMS control number. Form Approved, OMB No. 2120-0729 'Comments concerning the accuracy of this burden and suggestions for reducing the burden should be 
directed to the FAA at: 800 Independence Avenue SW, Washington, DC 20591. ATTN: Information Collection Clearance Officer. AES-200.-
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION - FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION RENEWAL APPLICATION 
FAILURE TO RENEW REGISTRATION WILL 
RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF REGISTRA77ON 
AND REGISTRATION NUMBER ASSIGNMENT 
IS** 10 C.F.R. 59 47.15(1), 47.40 and 47.41) 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N 401HB 
SERIAL NUMBER 
5173 
MANUFACTURER 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE 
MODEL 
GV-SP (0550) 
DATE OF ISSUANCE 
04/02/2008 
DATE OF EXPIRATION 
04/30/2020 
TYPE OF REGISTRATION 
CORPORATION 
ENTER REGISTERED OWNER(S) & ADDRESS FROM FAA FILE 
(Owner I) 
CHEVRON USA INC 
HELPFUL INFORMATION 
Review Aircraft Registration File Information for this aircraft 
at: htto://registry.faa.00v/aircraftinguiry. 
(Owner 2) 
Assistance may be obtained 
at our web page: httn://reoistrv.faa.COWrenewrenistration. 
Mit Enter a 
adationel owner names on page two. 
(Address)
by e-mail at: 
by telephone at:: 
When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
payable to the Federal Aviation Administration. 
Signature and Title Requirements for Common Registration Types: 
Individual 
owner must sign. title would be 'miner'. 
- Partnership 
general partner signs showing "general partner" as 
title. 
- Corporation 
corporate officer or manager signs, showing full title. 
- Limited Liability Co authorized member, manager, or officer identified in 
the LLC organization document signs, showing full title.
- Co-owner 
each co-owner must sign; showing 'co-owner as tine 
- Government 
authorized person must sign and show their full title. 
Note: All signatures must be In Ink, or other permanent media. 
To correct entries: Draw a single line through error. Make correct entry in 
remaining space. or complete the form on-line. An application form will be 
rejected if any entry is covered by correction tape or similarly obscured. 
(Address) 
City OAKLAND 
Stale CA 
rip 90214543 
Count 
UNITED STATES 
Physical Address: Required when mailing address Is a P.O. Box or mail drop. 
(Address) 
(Address) 
City 
State 
Zip 
Country 
TO RENEW REGISTRATION: REVIEW aircraft registration information. 
=La the appropriate statement. ENTER any change in address in the 
spaces below, SIGN DATE. 8 SEND form with the $5 renewal fee to the: 
FAA 
by courier 
i 
NEW 
Aircraft Registry, PO Box 25504, Oldahoma City OK 73125-0504, or 
to: 6425 S Denning Rm 118, Oklahoma City OK 731694937 
I (WE) CERTIFY, THE NAME(S) AND ADDRESSES FROM THE FAA FILES 
FOR THE OWNER(S) OF THIS AIRCRAFT ARE CORRECT, OWNERSHIP 
MEETS CITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR §47.3, AIRCRAFT IS 
NOT REGISTERED UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
UPDATE THE MAILING I PHYSICAL ADDRESS AS SHOWN BELOW. 
I (WE) CERTIFY THE: NAME(S) SHOWN ABOVE FOR THE OWNER(S) OF 
THIS AIRCRAFT IS CORRECT, OWNERSHIP MEETS THE CITIZENSHIP 
REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR §47.3, AIRCRAFT IS NOT REGISTERED 
UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
MAILING ADDRESS 
TO CANCEL THE REGISTRATION FOR THIS AIRCRAFT: 
CHFCK All applicable block(s) below, pfthipl FTF, 2101. paig & hisiL 
this form with any fees to the: FAA Aircraft Registry, 
PO Box 25504, Oklahoma City, OK, 73125-0504, or by courier to.
6425 S Denning Rm. 118, Oklahoma City OK 731694937 
CANCELLATION OF REGISTRATION IS REQUESTED. 
THE AIRCRAFT WAS SOLD TO: 
(Show purchaser's name and address.) 
THE AIRCRAFT IS DESTROYED OR SCRAPPED. 
THE AIRCRAFT WAS EXPORTED TO: 
NEW PHYSICAL ADDRESS: complete if physical address hes changed. or 
the new mailing address is a PO Box or Mail Drop. 
OTHER, Specify 
PLEASE RESERVE N-NUMBER IN THE OWNER'S NAME 
AND ADDRESS. The $10 reservation fee is enclosed. 
SIGNATURE OF OWNER 1 
(required field) 
Electroncalty Certified by Registered Owners 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
(requi•ced floc) 
TITLE 
(required field) 
DATE 
12/212016 
SIGNATURE OF OWNER 2 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
DATE 
Use page 2 for additional signatures. 
AC Form 8050- I B (04 121 
Fcc paid: $5 (201612021356474332NB) 
EFTA00011637
--- PAGE 108 ---
EFTA00011638
--- PAGE 109 ---
OMB Comm) Number 2120.0729 
Experts0430M 
Note: Twelve (12) owner names may be entered on this page. If you require more, enter the first 12 names and then print 
this page by pressing the 'Print Page Z button below. Next click the Reset' button to clear the data fields (from page 2 
only) to add more names. Repeat action as needed. 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
AC Form 8050- I B (04/12) 
REF N•NUM: 401118 
EFTA00011639
--- PAGE 110 ---
EFTA00011640
--- PAGE 111 ---
0).18 Control Number 2120-0729 
Expires 2/29/15 
Paperwork Reduction Act Statement: The information COSOCtlid on this form 6 necessary to mantain aircraft registration. We estimate Mal it will lake approximately 30 
minutes to complete the form. Reese note that an agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to. a collection of information unless it displays a 
valid CAW control number. Form Approved, OMB No. 2120-0729 'Comments concerning the accuracy of this burden and suggestions for reducing the burden should be 
directed to the FAA al: 800 Independence Avenue SW, Washington. DC 20591. ATTN: Information Collection Clearance Officer. AES-200.-
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION - FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION RENEWAL APPLICATION 
FAILURE TO RENEW REGISTRATION WILL 
RESULT IN CANCELLATION OF REGISTRATION 
AND REGISTRATION NUMBER ASSIGNMENT 
(See 10 C.F.R. 59 17.150, 47.40 and 47.41) 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N 4011-IB 
SERIAL NUMBER 
5173 
MANUFACTURER 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE 
MODEL 
GV-SP (G550) 
DATE OF ISSUANCE 
04/02/2008 
DATE OF EXPIRATION 
04/30/2017 
TYPE OF REGISTRATION 
CORPORATION 
ENTER REGISTERED OWNER(S) & ADDRESS FROM FAA FILE 
(Owner i) 
CHEVRON USA INC 
HELPFUL INFORMATION 
Review Aircraft Registration File Information for this aircraft 
at: httn://registry.faa.00v/aircraftinauirv. 
(Owner 2) 
Assistance may be obtained 
at our web page. htt ://re is 
Jae. ov/renewre istration, 
email 
mail at: 
by telephone at. 
When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
payable to the Federal Aviation Administration. 
Signature and Title Requirements for Common Registration Types: 
- Individual 
owner must sign, title would be "owner-. 
- Partnership 
general partner signs showing "general partner" as 
title. 
- Corporation 
corporate officer or manager signs. showing full title. 
- Limited Liability Co authorized member, manager, or officer identified in 
the LLC organization document signs. showing full title 
: Government 
authorized person must sign and show their full title. 
-Co-owner 
each co-owner must sign; showing- co-ovmer aside 
Note: All signatures must be In Ink, or other permanent media. 
To correct entries: Draw a single line through error. Make correct entry in 
remaining space. or complete the form on-line. An application form will be 
rejected if any entry is covered by correction tape or similarly obscured. 
tat 
Enter any adcitional owner names on page two. 
(Address) 
(Address) 
City OAKLAND 
Stale CA 
rip 944321-4543 
Country 
OWED STATES 
Physical Address: Required when mailing addresS is a P.O. Box or mail drop. 
(Address) 
(Address) 
City 
State 
rip 
Country,
TO RENEW REGISTRATION: REVIEW aircraft registration information. 
Mica the appropriate statement. ENTER any change in address in the 
spaces below, SIGN DATE, & SEND form with the $5 renewal fee to the: 
FAA 
by courier 
i 
NEW 
Aircraft Registry, PO Box 25504, Oklahoma City OK 73125-0504, or 
to: 6425 S Denning Rm 118. Oklahoma City OK 73169-6937 
I (WE) CERTIFY. THE NAMES) AND ADDRESSES FROM THE FAA FILES 
FOR THE OWNER(S) OF THIS AIRCRAFT ARE CORRECT. OWNERSHIP 
MEETS CITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR §47.3. AIRCRAFT IS 
NOT REGISTERED UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
UPDATE THE MAILING I PHYSICAL ADDRESS AS SHOWN BELOW. 
I (WE) CERTIFY THE: NAME(S) SHOWN ABOVE FOR THE OWNER(S) OF 
THIS AIRCRAFT IS CORRECT, OWNERSHIP MEETS THE CITIZENSHIP 
REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR §47.3, AIRCRAFT IS NOT REGISTERED 
UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
MAILING ADDRESS 
TO CANCEL THE REGISTRATION FOR THIS AIRCRAFT: 
CHECK All applicable block(s) below, cOMPI FTF, Sea OM & M. 
this form with any fees to the: FAA Aircraft Registry. 
PO Box 25504, Oklahoma City, OK, 73125-0504, or by courier to.
6425 S Denning Rm. 118, Oklahoma City OK 73169-6937 
K 
CANCELLATION OF REGISTRATION IS REQUESTED. 
THE AIRCRAFT WAS SOLD TO: 
K 
(Show purchaser's name and address.) 
K 
THE AIRCRAFT IS DESTROYED OR SCRAPPED. 
K THE AIRCRAFT WAS EXPORTED TO: 
NEW PHYSICAL ADDRESS: complete if physical address hes changed. a 
the new mailing address is a PO Box or Mail Drop. 
K 
OTHER, Specify 
PLEASE RESERVE N-NUMBER IN THE OWNER'S NAME 
AND ADDRESS. The $10 reservation fee is enclosed. 
SIGNATURE OF OWNER 1 
(required field) 
Elearoncaity Certified by Registered Owners 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
(requimd lied) 
TITLE 
(required field) 
DATE 
12/4/2013 
SIGNATURE OF OWNER 2 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
DATE 
Use page 2 for additional signatures. 
AC Form 8050-113 (04 12) 
Fcc paid: $5 (2013120416283705 I NB) 
EFTA00011641
--- PAGE 112 ---
EFTA00011642
--- PAGE 113 ---
OMB Control Number 2120-0729 
Expires •2/29!15 
Note: Twelve (12) owner names may be entered on this page. If you require more, enter the first 12 names and then print 
this page by pressing the 'Print Page Z button below. Next click the Reset' button to clear the data fields (from page 2 
only) to add more names. Repeat action as needed. 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
NAME OF OWNER 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
I PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
AC Form 8050- I B (04/ I 2) 
REF N-NUM: 401HEI 
EFTA00011643
--- PAGE 114 ---
EFTA00011644
--- PAGE 115 ---
PRINT PAGE 1 
PRIVACY ACT STATEMENT 
owe cams Nunn/ otociorn 
coves women 
Paperwork Reduction Act Statement: TM Irtormation coalmine on this form is necessary to attain Wert re-regbtrellon. VVa *Ornate hat It will take epprosimately 30 
minutes to complete the form. Please note that any agency may not conduct a sponsor. anis a person I not required to respond to. a coCeakei of InfamMion unless 4 displays 
a valid OMB caned number Form Approved. 01A8 No. 2120-0729 
'Comments concerning the acr.uricy at ms burden end suggestions Ice reducing me burden smog be directed to the FAA at SOO independence Avenue SW. Wash.-Von. CC 
20591 ATTN: Infonnetion Cotteclion Clearance °Mon. AES-200 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION-FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT RE-REGISTRATION APPLICATION 
FAILURE TO REREGISTER WILL RESULT
IN CANCELLATION OF REGISTRA77GV 
AND REGISTRATION NUMBER ASSIGNMENT 
(Set f4 GF.Fc 0 .O.O10.17.404oul 47.41) 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION NUMBER 
N 401HB 
SERIAL NUMBER 
5173 
MANUFACTURER 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE 
MODEL 
GV-SP (G550) 
DATE OF ISSUANCE 
APRIL 02, 2008 
DATE OF EXPIRATION 
JUNE 30, 2011 
TYPE OF REGISTRATION 
CORPORATION 
NAME AND MAILING ADDRESS OF REGISTERED OWNER 
(If Individual, give last name, met name and middle Initial) 
(Owner I) CHEVRON USA INC 
INFORMATION FOR COMPLETION 
Additional information may be obtained al our web pope 
aed-7132-9434. 
(Owner 2) 
gftwilrealury.fee odrirenewmahrtnitIon or ty phone al 
Hai Enter 
'
I
re 
ctFrant 
(Address) 
Aircraft Registration Inkinnalion may be reviewed at : 
ftlig5//roalstry.fat7oovfaircraftlnaulre
Please 
fees wilt a check or money older 
to Poe 
(Address) 
pay 
payable 
Federal Aviation Administration. 
City SAN RAMON 
state CA z 
94583-2324 
Signature Requirements foe Listed 
tration Types: 
aware 
UNITED STATES 
. 
indwickial 
owner must sign. 
BOX 
PHYSICAL ADDRESS (FtEOUIREO WHEN MAILING ADDRESS IS A P.O.
- 
OR MAIL DROP) 
(AMIGOS) 
Parbiorship 
a general perkier must sign. 
. 
bon 
a corporate *Med or na 
odds] must sign. 
- 
LM*Id 
totally Co. • member, manager. Or 
015w 
who 
it
 authorized la 
menage the LLC must sign. 
(Address) 
- 
Co-owner 
nth co-owner must sign. continuing as necessary. 
City 
State 
Zp 
on page number two. 
Gcmtmmant 
any authorized person may sign. 
Country 
Note: All signatures must be In Ink. 
TO RE-REGISTER AIRCRAFT: REVIEW REGISTRATION INFORMATION. 
ENTER CORRECTIONS IN BLANKS PROVIDED. CHECK APPLICABLE 
BLOCK BELOW. SIGN, DATE. 8 MAIL WTH THE S5 FEE. To: The FM 
Aircraft Registration Brandt. PO Box 25504. Oklahoma City. OK, 73125-0504. 
K 
I (WE) CERTIFY THE: NAME(S) AND MAIUNG ADDRESS SHOWN ABOVE 
FOR THE OWNERS) OF THIS AIRCRAFT ARE CORRECT, OWNERSHIP 
MEETS CITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR §47.3, AIRCRAFT IS 
NOT REGISTERED UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
n UPDATE THE MAILING I PHYSICAL ADDRESS AS SHOWN BELOW. I 
(WE) CERTIFY THE: NAME(S) SHOWN ABOVE FOR THE OWNERS) OF 
THIS AIRCRAFT IS CORRECT. OWNERSHIP MEETS THE CITIZENSHIP 
REQUIREMENTS OF 14 CFR §47.3. AIRCRAFT IS NOT REGISTERED 
TO CANCEL THE REGISTRATION FOR THIS AIRCRAFT: 
THE LAST REGISTERED OWNER MUST: MARK THE APPLICABLE 
BLOCK(S). COMPLETE. SIGN. DATE & Mall with any fees to: The 
FM Aircraft Registration Branch. PO Box 25504. Oklahoma City. OK. 
73125.0504.
CANCELLATION OF REGISTRATION IS REQUESTED FOR THE 
REASON MARKED BELOW, 
1. THE AIRCRAFT WAS SOLD TO: 
(Show purchaser's name and address) 
UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY FOREIGN COUNTRY. 
• 7799 EARHART ROAD
MAIUNG ADDRESS 
. OAKLAND, CA 94821 
El 
i 
THE AIRCRAFT IS DESTROYED OR SCRAPPED. 
PHYSICAL ADDRESS: COMPLETE IF PHYSICAL ADDRESS HAS 
CHANGED. OR NEW MAILING ADDRESS IS A PO BOX OR MAIL 
III 
 3. THE AIRCRAFT WAS EXPORTED TO: 
DROP. 
4. OTHER, Spoclty 
O 
UPON CANCELLATION, PLEASE RESERVE THE N-NUMBER 
IN OWNERS' NAME. The 510 check or money order for the N-
number reservation lee Is enclosed. 
TITLE 
Assistant Secretary 
OAT,
p'1126(/ 
GNATURE OF OWNER 2 
PRINTED NAME OF SIGNER 
TITLE 
DATE 
AC Form 8050-1A (10/10) 
110660825086 
$5.00 03/07/2011 
EFTA00011645
--- PAGE 116 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION BR 
2011 rifiR 7 61'1 8 39 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011646
--- PAGE 117 ---
DOCUMENT LEVEL ANNOTATIONS FOR DOCUMENT ARE002412672 
REV/DOI - 4/2/2008 
EFTA00011647
--- PAGE 118 ---
EFTA00011648
--- PAGE 119 ---
U.B. Department 
of Transportation 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
Date of Issue: April 2, 2008 
CHEVRON U S A INC 
SAN RAMON, CA 94583-2324 
Flight Standards Service 
Aircraft Registration Branch, 
AFS•760 
HAND DELIVERED TO ARTC IN THE PD ROOM 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 71125-0501 
Toll Free: 
WEB Address: 
1082390 
This facsimile must be carried in the Aircraft as a Temporary Certificate of 
Registration for 
N401HB GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) Serial 5173 and is valid until May 
02, 2008. 
This is not an airworthiness certificate. For airworthiness information, contact the nearest 
Federal Aviation Administration Flight Standards District Office. 
for 
Manager, FAA Aircraft Registry, AFS-750 
Federal Aviation Administration 
AFS:750-FAX4 (10/05) 
EFTA00011649
--- PAGE 120 ---
EFTA00011650
--- PAGE 121 ---
lft 
US.Deportment 
of Ticnsportatbn 
Federal wak e
Admintskallon 
ASSIGNMENT OF SPECIAL REGISTRATION NUMBERS 
Special Registration Number 
401HB 
Aircraft Make and Model 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE 
GV-SP (G550) 
Present Registration Number—
673GA 
Serial Number 
5173 
3960203 
ICAO 
FOR 
GULFSTREAM 
SAVANNAH 
AIRCRAFT ADDRESS CODE 
N401H3 = 
51130411 
AEROSPACE CORP 
GA 31408-9643 
NUMZERC:.12Z'O TO____RL/LL.
DATE le RR 05 2008 
Issue Date: 
NOVEM3ER 14, 2007 
This is your authority to change the United Slates registra-
tion number on the above described aircraft to the special 
registration number shovm. 
Carry duplicate of this form in the aircraft together with the 
old registration certificate as interim authority to operate the 
aircraft pending receipt of revised certificated registration. 
Obtain a revised certificate of ainvorthiness from your near-
est Flight Standards District Office. 
The latest FAA Form 81304, Application 
For Airworthiness on file Is dated: 
The airworthiness classification and category: 
INSTRUCTIONS: 
SIGN AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL of this form to the Civil Aviation Registry, AFS•75O, within 5 days after the special registration number is 
Ali 
NOVEMBER 149 2008 
placed on the aircraft. A revised certificate will then be issued. 
W The authority to use the special number expires;:.! 
CERTIFICATION: I certify that the special registration number Westplaced on the 
. . . ,. 
aircraft described above: 
Signature of Own 
RETURN FORM TO: 
illaiagistry, AFS-75O 
Oklahoma try, Oklahoma 73125-0504 
• 
Title of Owner: 
C‘CA; 1)41  iI KVEA4C1Ors
Date Placed on Aircraft: 
I Jai le& 
AC Form 8050-64 
(5/2005) Supersedes Previous Edition 
EFTA00011651
--- PAGE 122 ---
• 
VIIONY1)1Q 
AllOVIOHI/110 
C Wd.C2 Mr IN; ,t . 
C 
'1) 4 e It.1c-  t•••- 
a9 NOIITHISI038 
I
Ylie.Rgaliki 
t 
it t ! a' ;.• 
. • 
ft• 
t 
I 
EFTA00011652
--- PAGE 123 ---
AIRCRAFT TITLE SEARCHES 
RECORDING SERVICES 
AIRMEN RECORD INFORMATION 
To: 
October 25, 2007 
Hand Delivered 
FAA 
Oklahoma City. Oklahoma 
Attention: 
Central Records 
Gentlemen: 
On behalf of our client: 
AEROSPACE
Savannah, GA 31407 
41O/ 115 
4,736,4 
NOV 1 4 2007 
IlliPlease initiate the following action: 
1. 
Please RESERVE the following special registration number: 
N4O1HB 
PLEASE HAND THE CONFIRMATION OF RESERVATION LETTER TO 
ARTC IN THE PUBLIC DOCUMENTS ROOM. 
2. Please ASSIGN N4O1HB to the following described aircraft which 
is registered to our client above: 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE GV-SP (G550) 
SERIAL NUMBER 5173 
CURRENTLY N673GA 
PLEASE HAND THE ORIGINAL FORM 8050-64 TO ARTC IN THE PUBLIC 
DOCUMENTS ROOM. 
Thank you. 
072981539402 
$10.00 10/25/2007 
)(PLEASE HAND CONFIRMATION OF RESERVATION LETTER TO ARTC - PUBLIC DOCUMENTS ROOM. 
PLEASE HAND ORIGINAL FORM 8050-64 TO ARTC - PUBLIC DOCUMENTS ROOM. 
Thank you, 
AERO 
By: 
g 
Fee Attached: $  10 00 
CC: 
IIIIIIIIIPLerospace Corp. 
strator, Special Services 
EFTA00011653
--- PAGE 124 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
t".:. Tr A TIM" OR 
607 OCT 25 Pfl 3 28 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011654
--- PAGE 125 ---
DECLARATION 
OF 
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS 
The undersigned owner of aircraft N401HB, Manufacturer Gulfstream Aerospace 
Corporation Model No. GV-SP (G550) Serial No. 5173 declares that this aircraft is 
scheduled to make an international flight on April 14, 2008 departing Oakland, 
California, USA, with a destination of London, England, United Kingdom. 
Expedited registration in support of this international flight is requested this 271" day of 
March, 2008 with knowledge that: 
Whoever, in any matter within the jurisdiction of the executive branch of 
the Government of the United States, knowingly and willfully makes or 
uses any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any 
materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or representation shall 
be fined under Title 18 United States Code or imprisoned not more than 5 
years, or both. 18 U.S.C. 1001(a). 
Name of Owner: 
Typed Name 
Signature: 
Comments: 
Chevron U.S.A. Inc. 
nager Flight Operations 
Filed by: 
AERO RECORDS & TITLE CO. 
(telephone number) 
O 
N.) 
O 
O 
co 
EFTA00011655
--- PAGE 126 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
.',IRCK..cT AEGISTR A TIOH Rft 
2008 non 27 PPl 1 25 
CKLA.HUMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011656
--- PAGE 127 ---
FORM APPROVED 
OMB No. 2I20-0042 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
DIAL 
reriATION i'OlimaitTRATIONMOCIE liKalialiMarit auTICAL 
CO IN 
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION APPLICATION 
CERT. ISSUE DATE 
NITED ST
REGISTRATION
U  
NUMBER pi 401 HR 
AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURER a MODEL 
GULFSTREAM 
AEROSPACE 
GV -SP (G550) 
AIRCRAFT SERIAL No. 
517 3 
FOR FAA USE ONLY 
TYPE OF REGISTRATION (Check one box) 
O 
1. Individual 
O 
2. Partnership EX 3- Corporation 
4. Co-owner 
5. Gov't CI Et 4°I.Cilizen
Corporation 
NAME OF APPLICANT (Person(s) shown on evidence of ownership. If Individual. give Iasi name. first name, and middle Initial.) 
ill. 
CHEVRON U.S.A. INC. 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: ( 510) 43 0 - 2 9 3 5 
ADDRESS (Permanent mailing address for first applicant listed.) (If P.O. BOX is used, physical address must also be shown.) 
Minter and sheet: 
Rural Route: 
P.O. Box: 
CITY 
SAN 
RAMON 
STATE 
CA 
ZIP CODE 
945 8 3 
CHECK HERE IF YOU ARE ONLY REPORTING A CHANGE OF ADDRESS 
ATTENTION! Read the following statement before signing this application. 
This portion MUST be completed. 
A false or dishonest answer to any question in this application may be grounds for punishment by fine and / or Imprisonment 
(U.S. Code. Tide 18, Sec. 1001). 
III 
CERTIFICATION 
LAVE CERTIFY: 
(I) That the above aircraft Is owned by the undersigned applicant. who is a citizen (including corporations) 
of the United States. 
(For voting trust give name of trustee; 
• 
) or-
CHECK ONE AS APPROPRIATE: 
a. C A resident alien, with alien registration (Form 1.151 or Form 1.551) No. 
b. O 
A non-cltizen corporation organized and doing business under the taws of (state) 
and said aircraft is based and prienwity used In the United States. Records or Slight POWs are available for 
• 
inspection at 
That the 
Is not 
the laws 
foreign 
and 
(2) 
(3) That 
TYP 
aircraft 
registered under 
of any 
country; 
legal evidence of ownership is- attached or has been filed with the Federal Aviation Administration. 
NOTE: If executed for co-ownership all applicants must sign. Use reverse side if necessary. 
EACH PART OF THIS 
APPLICATION MUST 
BE SIGNED IN INK 
- gele_Papiql 
DATE 
, 
tgf 
SIGNATURE 
TITLE 
DATE* 
3-a7-401( 
SIGNATURE 
TITLE 
DATE 
NOTE Pending receipt of the Certificate of Aircraft Registration. the aircraft may be operated for a period not in excess of 90 
days. during which time the PINK Cagy Of this application must be carried In the aircraft. 
a 
zt
zt. 
O 
O 
co 
AC Form 8050-1 (5/03) (0052.00.628-9007) 
EFTA00011657
--- PAGE 128 ---
FILED•WITH FA A 
AFT 
EG!SYR A TtOtJ BR 
2008 FIN 27 PM 1 25 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
• 
EFTA00011658
--- PAGE 129 ---
FORM APPROVED 
OMB NO. 2120-0002 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
U. S. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
AIRCRAFT BILL OF SALE 
Do Not Write In This Block 
FOR FAA USE ONLY 
FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION OF 51.00 & OVC THE 
UNDERSIGNED OWNER(S) OF THE FULL LEGAL 
AND BENEFICIAL TITLE OF THE AIRCRAFT 
DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: 
UNITED STATES 
REGISTRATION NUMBER N 
401HB 
AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURER & MODEL 
Gulfstream Aerospace GV-SP (G550) 
AIRCRAFT SERIAL NO. 
5173 
DOES THISejeAd DAY OF 
Zjet 
)2008, 
HEREBY SELL, GRANT, TRANSFER AND 
DELIVER ALL RIGHTS, TITLE, AND INTERESTS 
IN AND TO SUCH AIRCRAFT UNTO: 
w 
< 
u) 
x 
0cc 
a. 
NAME AND ADDRESS 
(IF INDIVIDUAL (S). GIVE LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, AND MIDDLE INITIAL.) 
Chevron U.S.A. Inc. 
San Ramon, CA 94583 
DEALER CERTIFICATE NUMBER 
AND TO ITS SUCCESSORS, EXECLI-TORST-AOMMISTRATORST AND ASSIGNS TO HAVE AND TO HOLD 
SINGULARLY THE SAID AIRCRAFT FOREVER, AND WARRANTS THE TITLE THEREOF. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS CSR4 DAY OF indict 2004g 
SELLER 
j 
NAME (S) OF SELLER 
SIGNATURE (S) 
TITLE 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
(TYPED OR PRINTED) 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation 
Manager 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT (NOT REQUIRED FOR PURPOSES OF FAA RECORDING: HOWEVER, MAY BE REQUIRED 
BY LOCAL LAW FOR VALIDITY OF THE INSTRUMENT.) 
ORIGINAL: TO FAA 
AC Form 8050-2 (9/92) (NSN 0052-00-629-0003) Supersedes Previous Edition 
.0 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
*.< 
rD 
O 
O 
O 
O 
CO 
O 
CO 
080871324467 
$5.00 03/27/2008 
EFTA00011659
--- PAGE 130 ---
A11NON V 73(0
VH011 V1,10 
SO T hid l2 
ea 
fiC;17t:S193.11 14 r
V lid KUM 
G37I.1 
EFTA00011660
--- PAGE 131 ---
U.S. Department 
of Transportation 
Federal Aviation 
Administration 
March 1, 2007 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORP 
IrrllrrrrlLlrrlllrrrlrrlrrlrrll 
Dear Sirs: 
Flight Standards Service 
Aircraft Registration Branch. AFS-750 
ee: 
WEB Address: 
Oklahoma 73125-0504 
United States identification mark N673GA has been assigned to Gulfstream Aerospace GV-SP 
(G550), serial number 5173, Mode S Transponder Code 52163564 as requested by you. This 
manufacturer's assignment of special registration number cannot be used as an authorization for a 
number change. 
If we ma be of further assistance lease contact the Aircraft Registration Branch at 
or toll free 
Sincerely, 
Legal Instruments Examiner 
Aircraft Registration Branch 
AFS-750-SUPPORT-5 (04/06) 
EFTA00011661
--- PAGE 132 ---
EFTA00011662
--- PAGE 133 ---
.4! 
Nt • Un
rer 
0/ 364
.1mt., 
FEB 26 aw 
February J5 ) 2007 
Federal Aviation Administration 
FAA Aircraft Re istry 
klahoma ity. OK 73125 
ATTENTION: CENTRAL RECORDS DIVISION 
Dear MadarniSir: 
Please reserve and assign the enclosed special registration numbers 
Gulfstream Aerr-zpacc.. Corporation 
for 
Once these numbers have been reserved and assigned in the name of 
Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. please hand confirmations to ARTC in the 
PO P.ciom. tf the above requested numbers are not available. please contact 
Lisa homas at ARTC immediately. 
Thank you for your assistance with this request. 
Very truly vours. 
Enclosure 
070471453'32 
$420.00 02115/2007 
EFTA00011663
--- PAGE 134 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
RECISTRATION RR 
2007 FEB 16 PM 2 53 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011664
--- PAGE 135 ---
rve• 
Asaian to• 
1. 
494 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (6350) 
S/N 
4094 
2. 
495 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (6450) 
S/N 
4095 
3. 
496 GA 
Gutfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
SM 
4096 
4. 
397 GA 
Gutfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4097 
5. 
398 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
SM 
4098 
6. 
199 GA 
Guffstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4199 
7. 
120 GA 
Gulfstream Model GlV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4100 
8. 
401 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4101 
9. 
702 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
SM 
4102 
10. 
603 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4103 
11. 
704 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (6450) 
S/N 
4104 
12. 
405 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (6450) 
S/N 
4105 
13. 
606 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4106 
14. 
607 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4107 
15. 
608 GA 
Guffstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4108 
16. 
609 GA 
Gutfstream Model GIV-X (6450) 
S/N 
4109 
17. 
610 GA 
Guffstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4110 
18. 
131 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (6350) 
S/N 
4111 
19. 
612 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4112 
20. 
-913 GA 
Guffstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4113 
21: 
614 GA 
Guffstream Model GIV-X (G450), 
S/N 
4114 
22. 
815 GA 
Gulfstream Model GIV-X (G450) 
S/N 
4115 
23. 
764 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (6550) 
S/N 
5164 
24. 
965 GA 
Guffstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
SIN 
5165 
25. 
966 GA 
Gutfstream Model.GV-SP (G550) 
SIN 
5166 
26. 
967 GA 
Gutfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
SIN 
5167 
27. 
668 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
SM 
5168 
28. 
569 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SPIG550) 
S/N 
5169 
29. 
770 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (6550) 
S/N 
5170 
30. 
971 GA 
Guffstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
SM 
5171 
31. 
972 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5172 
32. 
673 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5173 
33. 
974 GA 
Gutfstream Model GV-SP (6550) 
S/N 
5174 
34. 
975 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5175 
35. 
476 GA 
Guffstream Model GV-SP (6550) 
S/N 
5176 
36. 
977 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5177 
37. 
978 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5178 
38. 
979 GA 
Gutfstream Model GV-SP (6550) 
S/N 
5179 
39. 
980 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (6550) 
SM 
5180 
40. 
181 GA 
Guffstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5181 
41. 
782 GA 
Gulfstream Model GV-SP (G550) 
S/N 
5182 
42. 
983 GA 
Gutfstream Model GV-SP 1G550) 
SIN 
5183 
'41 
EFTA00011665
--- PAGE 136 ---
Fii.E0 WITH FAA 
t;iRcRr.F f REGISTRATION BR 
2301 FEB 16 FPI 2 53 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011666
--- PAGE 137 ---
h. 
Aircraft Tide Searches 
Aero Records & Title Co. 
Post Office Box 19246. Oklahoma Coy. OK 73144 
Phone (405) 685-4250 • 1800)654-7202 • Fax (4051681.2047 
Escrow Toll Dee (800) 500-7457 
February 16, 2007 
REQUEST 
FOR 
MANUFACTURER 
ASSIGNMENTS 
Professional Escrow and Closing 
l 
Services 
Recording Services 
Reservation and Assignment of 
Special Registration Numbers 
Aircraft Title insurance 
§1031 Like-Kind Exchange Services 
Physical address for 
courier deliveries 
3300 South Lakeside Dove 
Oklahoma City. OK 73179 
www.acrorecords corn 
Aero Records 6- Title Co is 
a subsidiary of Fidelity National 
Title Insurance Company. . . 
a member of the 
Fidelity National Financial. Inc 
family of companies. 
Federal Aviation Administration 
Civil Aviation Registry 
iircraft Registration Branch 
Attention: Central Records 
Reference: (42) Registration Number Assignments 
Gentlemen/ Ladies: 
On behalf of our client: 
GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE CORPORATION 
NNAH, GA 31407 
Please reserve & assign forty-two (42) special 
registration numbers as listed on Gulfstream's 
enclosed letter. 
Please issue 8050-7 forms to 
Gulfstream at the address shown above. PLEASE 
HAND COPIES OF THE ASSIGNMENT LETTERS 
TO ARTC IN THE P.D. ROOM. 
The necessary $420.00 fee for reservation of the 
special registration numbers is enclosed. 
Special Services Administrator 
Alg 
nclosures: letter by Gulfstream & check for $420. 
C: 
/Gulfstrearn 
EFTA00011667
--- PAGE 138 ---
FILED WITH FAA 
AIRC.RArr REGISTRATION BR 
2007 FEB 16 Pfq 2 53 
OKLAHOMA CITY 
OKLAHOMA 
EFTA00011668
