

==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. United States, No. 24-1073 (U.S. 2025) (petition for cert.)__20250424150144637_24-__PetitionForWritOfCertiorari.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. United States, No. 24-1073 (U.S. 2025) (petition for cert.)
METADATA_FILENAME: 20250424150144637_24-__PetitionForWritOfCertiorari.pdf
----------------------------------------
No. 24-____ 
WILSON-EPES PRINTING CO., INC.   –   (202) 789-0096   –   WASHINGTON, D.C. 20002 
IN THE 
Supreme Court of the United States 
———— 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, AKA SEALED DEFENDANT 1, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Respondent. 
———— 
On Petition for Writ of Certiorari to the 
United States Court of Appeals 
for the Second Circuit 
———— 
PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI 
———— 
DAVID OSCAR MARKUS 
Counsel of Record 
MARKUS/MOSS PLLC 
N.W. Third Street 
Penthouse One 
Miami, FL 33128 
(305) 379-6667 
dmarkus@markuslaw.com 
Counsel for Petitioner 
April 10, 2025 

(i) 
QUESTION PRESENTED 
This Court long has recognized that “when a plea 
rests in any significant degree on a promise or 
agreement of the prosecutor, so that it can be said to 
be part of the inducement or consideration, such 
promise must be fulfilled.” Santobello v. New York, 404 
U.S. 257 (1971). And, of course, it is well settled that 
plea agreements and non-prosecution agreements are 
interpreted using ordinary principles of contract 
construction, requiring that the plain language of the 
agreement must govern interpretation and that 
ambiguities must be resolved against the Government. 
Nevertheless, Circuits are split on whether promises 
in a plea agreement in one district on behalf of the 
“United States” or the “Government” binds the 
Government in other districts. 
The question presented here is: 
Under Santobello and common principles of contract 
interpretation, does a promise on behalf of the 
“United States” or the “Government” that is made by a 
United States Attorney in one district bind federal 
prosecutors in other districts? 

ii 
PARTIES TO THE PROCEEDING 
Petitioner Ghislaine Maxwell was the Defendant in 
the district court and the Appellant in the Second 
Circuit.  Respondent is the United States. 
RELATED PROCEEDINGS 
This case arises from the following proceedings: 
• United States v. Maxwell, 118 F.4th 256 (2d 
Cir. 2024), reh’g denied, November 25, 2024.  
Judgment entered September 17, 2024.   
• United States v. Maxwell, 534 F. Supp. 3d 299 
(S.D.N.Y. 2021). 

(iii) 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
QUESTION PRESENTED .................................. 
i 
PARTIES TO THE PROCEEDINGS .................. 
 ii 
RELATED PROCEEDINGS ............................... 
ii 
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES ................................ 
vi 
OPINIONS BELOW ............................................ 
JURISDICTION .................................................. 
CONSTITUTIONAL AND  
STATUTORY PROVISIONS INVOLVED ...... 
STATEMENT OF THE CASE ............................ 
PROCEDURAL BACKGROUND ....................... 
A. 
Entry of the Non-Prosecution Agree-
ment ........................................................... 
B. 
Criminal Proceedings in the District 
Court .......................................................... 
C. 
The Second Circuit’s Decision .................. 
REASONS FOR GRANTING THE PETITION .. 
I. 
The circuits are split as to whether a 
promise on behalf of the “United States” 
or the “Government” by a United States 
Attorney’s office in one district is binding 
upon United States Attorney’s offices in 
other districts ............................................ 

iv 
TABLE OF CONTENTS—Continued 
Page 
A. The Third, Fourth, Eighth and Ninth 
Circuits 
have 
faithfully 
applied 
Santobello’s instruction that promises 
in plea agreements must be binding 
on the government, applying basic 
principles of contract law to find that 
obligations entered into on behalf of 
the 
“United 
States” 
or 
the 
“Government” apply to the federal 
government throughout the nation .... 
B. The Second and the Seventh Circuits 
apply the opposite presumption. They 
refuse to enforce a promise made on 
behalf of the “United States” or “the 
Government” 
except 
against 
the 
particular United States Attorney’s 
office 
which 
entered 
into 
the 
agreement, unless the agreement 
expressly reiterates that the term 
“United States” does in fact mean the 
entire country as a whole .................... 
II. 
The Second Circuit’s decision below is 
wrong and violates the principles set 
forth in this Court’s prior opinions .......... 
A. Both Annabi and the opinion below 
were 
wrongly 
decided 
under 
Santobello and Giglio .......................... 
B. Ordinary 
principles 
of 
contract 
interpretation compel Annabi and 
Maxwell to be reversed ........................ 

v 
TABLE OF CONTENTS—Continued 
Page 
C. The available evidence suggests that 
the NPA was meant to bind the 
Southern District of New York ........... 
III. This case is an ideal vehicle for resolving 
the split over this important and 
recurring question .................................... 
CONCLUSION .................................................... 
APPENDIX 

vi 
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES 
CASES 
Page(s) 
Giglio v. United States,  
405 U.S. 150 (1972) ............................... 8, 13, 14 
Commonwealth v. Cosby,  
666 Pa. 416, 252 A.3d 1092 (Pa. 2021) ..... 
In re Altro,  
180 F.3d 372 (2d Cir. 1999) ...................... 
Margalli-Olvera v. Immigration and 
Naturalization Service,  
F.3d 345 (8th Cir. 1994) ....................... 10, 15 
Santobello v. New York,  
404 U.S. 257 (1971) ................................. 7, 8, 13 
Thomas v. Immigration and  
Naturalization Service,  
F.3d 1332 (9th Cir. 1994) ..................... 10, 11 
Thompson v. United States,  
431 F. App’x 491 (7th Cir. 2011) .............. 12, 16 
United States v. Annabi,  
771 F.2d. 670 (2d Cir. 1985) ..... 6, 11, 12, 16, 18 
United States v. Carmichael,  
216 F.3d 224 (2d Cir. 2000) ...................... 
United States v. Carter,  
454 F.2d 426 (4th Cir. 1972) ..................... 9, 10 
United States v. Gebbie,  
294 F.3d 540 (3d Cir. 2002) ...................... 
United States v. Johnston,  
199 F.3d 1015 (9th Cir. 1999) ................... 
United States v. Jordan,  
509 F.3d 191 (4th Cir. 2007) ..................... 

vii 
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES—Continued 
Page(s) 
United States v. Maxwell, 
118 F.4th 256 (2d Cir. 2024) .... 1, 6, 8, 12, 16-18 
United States v. Maxwell, 
534 F. Supp. 3d 299 (S.D.N.Y. 2021) ........ 
United States v. McDowell,  
No. 94-CR-787-1, 2006 WL 1896074  
(N.D. Ill. 2006) .......................................... 
United States v. O’Doherty,  
F.3d 209 (7th Cir. 2011) ....................... 
United States v. Rubbo,  
396 F.3d 1330 (11th Cir. 2005) ................. 
United States v. Transfiguracion,  
442 F.3d 1222 (9th Cir. 2006) ................... 
United States v. Van Thournout,  
100 F.3d 590 (8th Cir. 1996) ..................... 10, 14 
United States v. Warner,  
820 F.3d 678 (4th Cir. 2016) ..................... 
United States v. Williams,  
102 F.3d 923 (7th Cir. 1996) ..................... 14, 15 
STATUTES 
U.S.C. § 2255 ........................................... 2, 15 
U.S.C. § 1254(l) ........................................ 
RULES 
Fed. R. Civ. P. 35(b) ...................................... 

viii 
TABLE OF AUTHORITIES—Continued 
OTHER AUTHORITIES 
Page(s) 
Antonin Scalia & Bryan A. Garner, 
Reading Law: The Interpretation of 
Legal Texts (2012) .................................... 15, 17 
U.S. Dept. of Justice, Justice Manual 
(updated Feb. 2018), https://www.just 
ice.gov/jm/jm-9-27000-principles-federal-
prosecution ................................................ 

PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI 
Ghislaine Maxwell respectfully petitions for a writ 
of certiorari to review the judgment of the United 
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. 
OPINIONS BELOW 
The opinion of the Second Circuit (App.1) is reported 
at United States v. Maxwell, 118 F.4th 256 (2d Cir. 
2024).  The Second Circuit’s order denying Maxwell’s 
petition for rehearing en banc (App.92) is not pub-
lished in the Federal Reporter. The district court’s 
order denying Maxwell’s motion to dismiss (App.52) is 
available at United States v. Maxwell, 534 F. Supp. 3d 
299 (S.D.N.Y. 2021).  
JURISDICTION 
The Second Circuit issued its opinion on September 
17, 2024. Maxwell’s motion for en banc review was 
denied on November 25, 2024. This Court has 
jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. § 1254.  
CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY 
PROVISIONS INVOLVED 
There are no pertinent constitutional or statutory 
provisions involved in the matter at issue in this case. 
STATEMENT OF THE CASE 
Despite the existence of a non-prosecution agree-
ment promising in plain language that the United 
States would not prosecute any co-conspirator of 
Jeffrey Epstein, the United States in fact prosecuted 
Ghislaine Maxwell as a co-conspirator of Jeffrey 
Epstein.  
Only because the United States did so in the Second 
Circuit and not elsewhere, her motion to dismiss the 

indictment was denied, her trial proceeded, and she 
is now serving a 20 year sentence. In light of 
the disparity in how the circuit courts interpret the 
enforceability of a promise made by the “United 
States,” Maxwell’s motion to dismiss would have 
been granted if she had been charged in at least four 
other circuits (plus the Eleventh, where Epstein’s 
agreement was entered into). This inconsistency in the 
law by which the same promise by the United States 
means different things in different places should be 
addressed by this Court. 
PROCEDURAL BACKGROUND 
A. Entry of the Non-Prosecution Agreement. 
In September 2007, after an extended period of 
negotiation with high-level representatives of the 
United States that included Main Justice, Jeffrey 
Epstein entered into a non-prosecution and plea 
agreement (“NPA”) with the United States Attorney’s 
Office for the Southern District of Florida. (App.24-
38). In return for pleading guilty to state charges in 
Florida, receiving and serving an eighteen-month 
sentence, and consenting to jurisdiction and liability 
for civil suits under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, the United 
States agreed not to prosecute Epstein in the Southern 
District of Florida for the offenses from 2001-2007 
then under investigation. In addition, after lengthy 
negotiations, the United States agreed that “[i]n 
consideration of Epstein’s agreement to plead guilty 
and provide compensation in the manner described 
above, if Epstein successfully fulfills all of the terms of 
this agreement, the United States also agrees that it 
will not institute any criminal charges against any 
potential co-conspirators of Epstein, including but not 
limited to [four named individuals].” (App.30-31).  

This co-conspirator clause, containing no geographic 
limitation on where in the United States it could be 
enforced, was actively negotiated at the same time as 
the terms of Epstein’s protection for his own criminal 
prosecution, which was expressly limited to a bar on 
prosecutions in the Southern District of Florida only 
(App.26). A previous version of the co-conspirator 
language limited it to the Southern District of Florida 
before it was amended to refer more broadly to the 
“United States,” and the co-conspirator clause was 
relocated in the document. (App.95, 108-126). The 
NPA also contained an express recitation that it was 
not binding on the State Attorney’s office in Florida 
(App.30), but it contained no such recitation setting 
forth that it was not binding on other United States 
Attorney’s offices.  
Relying on the NPA, Epstein pleaded guilty in 
Florida state court on June 30, 2008, and fulfilled all 
his obligations under the NPA.  
B. Criminal Proceedings in the District Court. 
In July 2019, Epstein was indicted in the Southern 
District of New York on charges of sex trafficking and 
conspiracy related to conduct in Florida and New York 
between 2003 and 2005. The NPA did not pose an 
impediment to this indictment because Epstein’s 
protection therein had been limited to charges brought 
in the Southern District of Florida. Epstein died while 
incarcerated on August 10, 2019.  
One year later, after Epstein died in jail, Ghislaine 
Maxwell was indicted in the Southern District of 
New York for her alleged actions as a co-conspirator 
of Epstein, on charges that were the same as had 
been brought against Epstein. Initially, Maxwell was 
charged with crimes in the 1994 to 1997 timeframe, 

presumably in an effort to circumvent the time frame 
covered by the NPA.  
On March 29, 2021, the government added in its 
superseding indictment an alleged sex trafficking 
offense (Count Six) related to conduct and offenses 
wholly within the timeframe and subject matter cov-
ered by the NPA. The sole complainant to the allega-
tions in Count Six had been presented to the Grand 
Jury in the Southern District of Florida and her 
evidence formed the basis of a conspiracy charge and 
a sex trafficking charge in a proposed indictment of 
Epstein that was dropped pursuant to the terms of 
the NPA. Thus, the complainant’s allegations were 
part of those for which Epstein pleaded guilty and 
paid restitution, in exchange (in part) for his co-
conspirators to be immune from prosecution. 
Maxwell moved to dismiss based on the express 
plain language of the NPA which precluded charges by 
the United States against any co-conspirator of 
Epstein: 
In consideration of Epstein’s agreement to 
plead guilty and to provide compensation 
in the manner described above, if Epstein 
successfully fulfills all the terms and condi-
tions of this agreement, the United States also 
agrees that it will not institute any criminal 
charges against any potential co-conspirators 
of Epstein, including but not limited to 
[four named individuals]… 
(App.30-31) (emphasis added). Alternatively, Maxwell 
sought discovery and a hearing to establish affirma-
tive evidence of intent to bind the United States as a 
whole.  

Maxwell’s motion was denied without a hearing.  
Although the district court did not order discovery, it 
did order the government to disclose to Maxwell 
“any evidence supporting a defense under the NPA.” 
The government responded that its review “did not 
include search terms relevant to the NPA, and the 
Government has not searched [the SDFL prosecutor’s] 
inbox for communications relating to the NPA.” It also 
stated that it did not intend to request or review 
emails for any other USAO-SDFL or Department of 
Justice attorney or otherwise perform a comprehen-
sive review of the internal e-mails of that prosecutor’s 
office from its wholly separate investigation, including 
by asking for any other material gathered by OPR as 
part of its investigation. 
The District Court found that Maxwell was a 
beneficiary of the NPA and had standing to enforce its 
terms, but concluded that the NPA did not grant 
immunity to Maxwell in the Southern District of 
New York. The case proceeded to trial and the jury 
found Maxwell guilty on, inter alia, Count Six. 
(App.39).  She was sentenced to a 240 month (20 year) 
term of incarceration. (App.41). 
In 2019, the Department of Justice Office of Profes-
sional Responsibility (“OPR”) issued a lengthy report 
on its extensive investigation into whether the federal 
government’s 2007-08 resolution of the federal inves-
tigation of Epstein through the NPA was improper. 
See Appendix F, Excerpts of the Department of Justice 
Office of Professional Responsibility Report (App.93). 
OPR’s investigation overlapped the prosecutions 
of Epstein and Maxwell in the Southern District of 
New York. The OPR report did not contain a finding 
as to whether the co-conspirator clause of the NPA 
bound districts other than the Southern District of 

Florida, but it reported that “witnesses” (none of whom 
were on the defense side) stated that the clause 
provided transactional immunity and that it “found 
no policy prohibiting a U.S. Attorney from declining 
to prosecute third parties or providing transactional 
immunity.” (App.128-129). 
C. The Second Circuit’s Decision. 
On appeal, Maxwell argued that the NPA barred her 
prosecution in the Southern District of New York by 
its express language. The Second Circuit disagreed, 
affirming the district court’s opinion that under United 
States v. Annabi, 771 F.2d. 670, 672 (2d Cir. 1985), the 
co-conspirator clause in the NPA did not preclude 
Maxwell’s prosecution in the Southern District of 
New York notwithstanding that the clause expressly 
stated that the “United States” is barred from such a 
prosecution. United States v. Maxwell, 118 F.4th 256 
(2d. Cir. 2024). The court applied Annabi even though 
the NPA had been negotiated in the Eleventh Circuit 
where no similar precedent exists or applies.  The 
parties certainly expected that the law of the Eleventh 
Circuit, where the NPA was entered into, would apply. 
Nevertheless, quoting Annabi, the Second Circuit 
held that “[a] plea agreement binds only the office of 
the United States Attorney for the district in which the 
plea is entered unless it affirmatively appears that 
the agreement contemplates a broader restriction.” Id. 
at 263. The court found that neither the text of the 
NPA nor the “negotiation history” showed that the 
co-conspirator clause was “meant to” bind other dis-
tricts, even though the clause contains no limiting 
language and even though government witnesses told 
OPR that the clause was, in fact, meant to provide 
transactional immunity. (App.128).  

Maxwell moved for rehearing en banc, which was 
denied. (App.92). 
REASONS FOR GRANTING THE PETITION 
This case is the perfect vehicle for resolving an 
acknowledged circuit split over the proper application 
of this Court’s precedent regarding an important issue 
of federal criminal law. Despite the fact that the term 
“United States” has a widely accepted meaning in 
perhaps every other context, when this term is used in 
a plea agreement, it means something different in 
New Jersey than it does across the river in New York 
City. A criminal defendant who, after receiving a 
promise that he will not be prosecuted again by the 
United States, pleads guilty to resolve all criminal 
liability, is not in fact resolving all criminal liability 
because the United States remains free to prosecute 
him anew so long as it does so in the Second or Seventh 
Circuits. 
This Court should resolve this conflict, ensuring that 
plea agreements are enforced consistently throughout 
the United States so that when the United States 
makes a promise in a plea agreement, it is held to that 
promise. 
I. The circuits are split as to whether a promise 
on behalf of the “United States” or the 
“Government” by a United States Attorney’s 
office in one district is binding upon United 
States Attorney’s offices in other districts.  
In Santobello v. New York, 404 U.S. 257 (1971), this 
Court held that a prosecutor’s promise in a plea 
agreement binds other prosecutors, even those who 
might have been unaware of the promise. 404 U.S. 
at 262. “Th[e] circumstances will vary, but a constant 

factor is that, when a plea rests in any significant 
degree on a promise or agreement of the prosecutor, so 
that it can be said to be part of the inducement or 
consideration, such promise must be fulfilled.” Id. And 
in Giglio v. United States, this Court found that “the 
prosecutor’s office is an entity and as such it is the 
spokesman for the Government. A promise made by 
one attorney must be attributed, for these purposes, to 
the Government.” Giglio v. United States, 405 U.S. 
150, 154 (1972). 
Yet despite this binding precedent, the Second 
Circuit refuses to hold its United States prosecutors to 
the promises that other United States prosecutors 
have made on behalf of the United States, instead  
clinging to the position that a plea agreement binds 
only the district in which it was entered unless it 
expressly states otherwise, even if the promise is made 
on behalf of the “United States.” (App.8-12). The 
Seventh Circuit similarly applies a narrow interpreta-
tion of who is bound by a pledge on behalf of the 
“United States” or the “Government.” This policy jeop-
ardizes the integrity of the plea negotiation process 
nationwide, which is “an essential component of the 
administration of justice” that “presuppose[s] fairness 
in securing agreement between an accused and a 
prosecutor.” Santobello, 404 U.S. at 261.  
The Second and Seventh Circuit’s policy is squarely 
in conflict with that of the Third, Fourth, Eighth and 
Ninth Circuits, creating a circuit split with nationwide 
ramifications pursuant to which the same plea agree-
ment can receive a different interpretation throughout 
the country on one of its most fundamental aspects 
(a defendant’s potential future criminal liability). This 
case provides an ideal opportunity to resolve this 

circuit split regarding an important issue of federal 
criminal law.   
A. The Third, Fourth, Eighth and Ninth Cir-
cuits have faithfully applied Santobello’s 
instruction that promises in plea agree-
ments must be binding on the government, 
applying basic principles of contract law to 
find that obligations entered into on behalf 
of the “United States” or the “Government” 
apply to the federal government through-
out the nation.  
Third Circuit. In United States v. Gebbie, 294 F.3d 
540 (3d Cir. 2002), the Third Circuit squarely 
addressed the question of “whether promises made on 
behalf of ‘the Government’ or ‘the United States’ by 
a United States Attorney to a defendant bind other 
United States Attorneys with respect to the same 
defendant.” Id. at 546-47. After recognizing that the 
Second and Fourth Circuits “employ opposite default 
rules” from one another, id. at 547, the Third Circuit 
agreed with the Fourth Circuit and held that “when a 
United States Attorney negotiates and contracts on 
behalf of ‘the United States’ or ‘the Government’ in 
a plea agreement for specific crimes, that attorney 
speaks for and binds all of his or her fellow United 
States Attorneys with respect to those same crimes 
and those same defendants.” Id. at 550. It went on 
to note that “United States Attorneys should not be 
viewed as sovereigns of autonomous fiefdoms. They 
represent the United States, and their promises on 
behalf of the Government must bind each other absent 
express contractual limitations or disavowals to the 
contrary.” Id.  
Fourth Circuit. The Fourth Circuit, in United 
States v. Carter, 454 F.2d 426 (4th Cir. 1972), was the 

first to hold that a promise on behalf of the United 
States in one district not to prosecute a defendant is 
binding upon U.S. Attorney’s offices in other districts. 
Id. at 428. As that court noted, “[t]he United States 
government is the United States government through-
out all of the states and districts. . . . A contrary result 
would constitute a strong deterrent to the willingness 
of defendants accused of multistate crimes to cooperat-
ing in speedy disposition of their cases and in appre-
hending and processing codefendants” Id. The Fourth 
Circuit concluded, “[a]t stake is the honor of the 
government[,] public confidence in the fair admin-
istration of justice, and the efficient administration of 
justice in a federal scheme of government.” Id.   
Eighth Circuit. The Eighth Circuit similarly found 
in United States v. Van Thournout, 100 F.3d 590 
(8th Cir. 1996), that “absent an express limitation, 
any promises made by an Assistant United States 
Attorney in one district will bind an Assistant United 
States Attorney in another district.” Id. at 594. Inter-
preting a plea agreement which provided that the 
“United States” would make certain recommendations 
regarding the defendant’s sentence, the court held 
that this provision was binding on the U.S. Attorney’s 
office in another district and that the terms of the 
agreement should be enforced. See also Margalli-
Olvera v. Immigration and Naturalization Service, 
F.3d 345, 352 (8th Cir. 1994) (finding that “the term 
‘United States’ is a reference to the entire United 
States government and all the agencies hereof” in the 
context of determining that the INS is bound by 
promises made by the U.S. Attorney’s office). 
Ninth Circuit. In Thomas v. Immigration and 
Naturalization Service, 35 F.3d 1332 (9th Cir. 1994), 
the Ninth Circuit held that a promise made by the 

U.S. Attorney’s Office on behalf of the “Government” 
(defined in that agreement to include its “depart-
ments, officers, agents, and agencies”) binds not 
just the office of the U.S. Attorney but also the 
Immigration and Naturalization Service. 35 F.3d at 
1337-38. Although the plea agreement in that case 
defined broadly that all governmental agencies would 
be bound, the Ninth Circuit cited approvingly to the 
broader proposition that “the United States govern-
ment as a whole uses United States Attorneys as 
its authorized agents to negotiate plea bargains in 
criminal cases, so their authorized agreements bind 
the government as a whole.” Id. at 1340. See also 
United States v. Johnston, 199 F.3d 1015, 1020-21 
(9th Cir. 1999) (recognizing that although a plea 
agreement which specifically and expressly limits a 
non-prosecution promise to a particular U.S. attor-
ney’s office is enforceable only against that office, this 
is an exception to the general principle that a plea 
agreement is binding upon all districts). 
B.  The Second and the Seventh Circuits apply 
the opposite presumption. They refuse 
to enforce a promise made on behalf of 
the “United States” or “the Government” 
except against the particular United States 
Attorney’s office which entered into the 
agreement, unless the agreement expressly 
reiterates that the term “United States” 
does in fact mean the entire country as a 
whole. 
Second Circuit. In the decision below, in reliance 
on Annabi, 771 F.2d 670, the Second Circuit held 
that the government’s promise that the “United 
States” would not prosecute any of the defendant’s 
co-conspirators was only enforceable in the Southern 

District of Florida, and not in the Southern District of 
New York. United States v. Maxwell, 118 F.4th 256, 
261 (2d Cir. 2024). The Maxwell court found that 
it must “affirmatively appear[] that the agreement 
contemplates a broader restriction” in order for the 
“United States” to mean the country as  a whole, even 
if entered into in a district in which the term “United 
States” does, in fact, mean the country as a whole. 
Id. at 263. 
Seventh Circuit. Although the Seventh Circuit 
has not considered the question presented in the 
specific context of the enforceability of a promise 
made in a plea agreement against a different U.S. 
Attorney’s office, it has held in a related context that 
“[a] prosecutor’s agreement will not bind more than 
the office of the United States Attorney unless the 
promise explicitly contemplates ‘a broader restriction.’” 
Thompson v. United States, 431 F. App’x 491, 493 
(7th Cir. 2011) (finding that a promise on behalf of the 
government by a prosecutor would not bind the INS). 
See also United States v. McDowell, No. 94-CR-787-1, 
2006 WL 1896074 (N.D. Ill. 2006) (finding in the 
context of Rule 35(b) motions that “a United States 
Attorney has sole authority to bind his own office” only 
and lacks authority to compel a U.S. Attorney in 
another district to file a Rule 35(b) motion). 
II. The Second Circuit’s decision below is wrong 
and violates the principles set forth in this 
Court’s prior opinions.  
The opinion below, which is based on the Second 
Circuit’s prior holding in Annabi, is wrongly decided 
and should not stand. Rather than the Second 
Circuit’s default rule that a promise made on behalf of 
the United States does not bind the United States as 
a whole, the default rule should be that a promise 

made on behalf of the United States binds the entire 
United States unless it says so affirmatively (as, in 
fact, the agreement at issue here did for Epstein 
himself, but not for his co-conspirators). As set forth 
above, this is consistent with Santobello and Giglio, 
and with ordinary principles of contract interpreta-
tion. And it is the only principled way to interpret the 
plain language of this agreement, as well as the 
available information on the parties’ intent. 
A. Both Annabi and the opinion below were 
wrongly decided under Santobello and 
Giglio.  
It is impossible to square the Second and Seventh 
Circuit’s policies on plea agreement interpretation 
with this Court’s holdings in Santobello. As this Court 
correctly determined in that case, “when a plea rests 
in any significant degree on a promise or agreement of 
the prosecutor, so that it can be said to be part of the 
inducement or consideration, such promise must be 
fulfilled.” 404 U.S. at 262. 
There is perhaps no promise the government makes 
within a plea agreement that is more fundamental 
than the promise that by pleading guilty, the defend-
ant is resolving his or her legal culpability for the 
conduct at issue, and that after accepting and serving 
the penalty contemplated in the agreement, he or she 
can move forward without fear of additional prosecu-
tion for that conduct. A defendant should be able to 
rely on a promise that the United States will not 
prosecute again, without being subject to a gotcha in 
some other jurisdiction that chooses to interpret that 
plain language promise in some other way. Only in 
this way can the pronouncement of Giglio be upheld, 
for “the prosecutor’s office is an entity and as such it is 
the spokesman for the Government. A promise made 

by one attorney must be attributed, for these purposes, 
to the Government.” Giglio, 405 U.S. at 154. See also 
Commonwealth v. Cosby, 666 Pa. 416, 481-82, 252 
A.3d 1092, 1131 (Pa. 2021) (finding by the Pennsylva-
nia Supreme Court that a promise made by a prior 
prosecutor was binding on a subsequent one because 
“[a]s prosecutors are vested with such ‘tremendous’ 
discretion and authority, our law has long recognized 
the special weight that must be accorded to their 
assurances.”). 
B. Ordinary principles of contract interpre-
tation compel Annabi and Maxwell to be 
reversed. 
A plea agreement is a contract and is to be inter-
preted according to ordinary contract principles.  See, 
e.g., United States v. Williams, 102 F.3d 923, 927 
(7th Cir. 1996); United States v. Warner, 820 F.3d 678, 
683 (4th Cir. 2016); Van Thournout, 100 F.3d at 594. 
In fact, in interpreting plea agreements, these ordi-
nary contract principles are to be employed even more 
strongly in favor of the defendant because they “are 
supplemented with a concern that the bargaining 
process not violate the defendant’s right to fundamen-
tal fairness under the Due Process Clause.” Williams, 
102 F.3d at 927 (internal quotation omitted). See also 
United States v. Jordan, 509 F.3d 191, 195-96 (4th Cir. 
2007); Van Thournout, 100 F.3d at 594. Pursuant 
to these standards of interpretation, words within a 
contract are to be afforded their ordinary meaning.  
And to the extent that there is an ambiguity, such an 
ambiguity is to be construed against the government.1 
In addition, as discussed below as to the particular plea 
agreement at issue in this case, the contract interpretation 
principle known as expressio unius est exclusio alterius compels a 

As to the first and most basic of these principles, 
terms within a plea agreement are to be given their 
ordinary meaning. See, e.g., Williams, 102 F.3d at 927; 
Margalli-Olvera, 43 F.3d at 352; United States v. 
Rubbo, 396 F.3d 1330, 1334 (11th Cir. 2005). See 
Antonin Scalia & Bryan A. Garner, Reading Law: 
The Interpretation of Legal Texts at 69 (2012) (“The 
ordinary meaning rule is the most fundamental 
semantic rule of interpretation.”) It should be beyond 
reasonable dispute that the ordinary meaning of the 
term “the United States” is the country as a whole.  
This leads to the presumption that if a plea agreement 
states that the “United States” cannot further prose-
cute an individual, this means that the United States 
cannot do so anywhere in the United States. If that is 
not what is intended, and the intent is to bind only a 
particular district, this can easily be achieved by using 
the ordinary descriptors for that district.  
Second, the placement of language informs the in-
tent of the parties. During the course of the NPA 
negotiations, the co-conspirator immunity clause was 
severed from Epstein’s immunity clause and moved 
geographically to the end of the NPA after the 2255 
section. This is significant because the 2255 sections 
“were not limited to any district.”  The 2255 section 
and the co-conspirator clause were negotiated in 
tandem and the 2255 language was accepted in return 
for the global immunity provided to the co-conspira-
tors.  The co-conspirator clause was subsequently 
severed from Epstein’s restrictive language and moved 
geographically below the 2255 as a consequence.  The 
NPA was identified as a hybrid agreement where one 
section referred to the district-specific language and 
finding that the NPA precludes Maxwell’s prosecution in this 
case. 

the other was the more expansive global federal part 
of the NPA. 
Third, as every circuit recognizes (including the 
Second and Seventh), it is a well- settled proposition 
that ambiguities in a plea agreement are to be resolved 
against the government. See, e.g., In re Altro, 180 F.3d 
372, 375 (2d Cir. 1999); United States v. Carmichael, 
216 F.3d 224 (2d Cir. 2000) (“[W]e ‘construe plea 
agreements strictly against the Government.’”) (inter-
nal citation omitted); United States v. O’Doherty, 64 
F.3d 209, 217 (7th Cir. 2011); United States v. 
Transfiguracion, 442 F.3d 1222, 1229 (9th Cir. 2006). 
Annabi, Thompson, and the opinion below flip this 
guidepost on its head, holding that a promise of 
immunity from prosecution by “the United States” is 
to be construed against the defendant. 771 F.2d at 672; 
431 Fed. Appx. 492 (App.8).  
If it is not in fact clear on its face that the United 
States means the United States as a whole, at most 
the intent in using this term is ambiguous. Because 
such ambiguity is to be resolved in favor of the 
defendant and against the government, 180 F.3d at 
375, the majority interpretation that the United 
States refers to the country as a whole is correct and 
the opinion below must be reversed.  
C. The available evidence suggests that the 
NPA was meant to bind the Southern 
District of New York. 
Despite the Second Circuit’s conclusion below that 
the text and the negotiating history of this NPA 
suggest an intent to bind only the Southern District of 
Florida, (App.10), the opposite is true.  
First, the contractual interpretation principle known 
as expressio unius est exclusio alterius compels the 

determination that the NPA precludes Maxwell’s 
prosecution in New York. As the Second Circuit itself 
noted, although the co-conspirator clause at issue 
here is “silent” as to whether it intended to preclude 
co-conspirator prosecution outside the Southern 
District of Florida, it is not silent as to whether 
Epstein’s future prosecution is limited to the Southern 
District of Florida. Instead, “the NPA makes clear that 
if Epstein fulfilled his obligations, he would no longer 
face charges in that district.” (App.9, emphasis in 
original).  The use of narrowing terms as to Epstein’s 
protections, not but not as to co-conspirator protec-
tions, demonstrates that the difference was inten-
tional. See Scalia & Garner, Reading Law: The 
Interpretation of Legal Texts  at 167 (“The whole of a 
contract is to be taken together, so as to give effect 
to every part, if reasonably practicable, each clause 
helping to interpret the other.”); Id. at 170 ((“[A] 
material variation in terms suggests a variation in 
meaning.”). This intent should have been recognized. 
Second, the NPA was entered into after extensive 
negotiation. The language was hotly contested and 
subject to much revision back and forth, including 
specifically on the relevant language of the coconspira-
tor clause. (App.95, 108-126). In one of the earlier 
drafts, the government proposed language that the 
co-conspirator protection would be limited to the 
Southern District of Florida. (App.117). Yet the final 
draft eliminated the limitation to the Southern 
District of Florida and referred only to the United 
States. (App.122-24). The OPR report found that gov-
ernment witnesses (who were the only witnesses OPR 
spoke to) believed the co-conspirator clause was in-
tended to provide transactional immunity. (App.128-
129). This understanding, supported by the NPA itself 
and the negotiation history contained in the one-sided 

OPR report, precludes application of Annabi in this 
case because the intent to bind the United States as a 
whole, and not just the Southern District of Florida, is 
clear. 
Third, the Second Circuit misplaced its reliance on 
a selective reading of the Judiciary Act of 1789 and the 
United States Attorneys’ Manual to conclude that 
United States Attorneys are “cabined to their specific 
district unless otherwise directed.” 118 F.4th at 265. 
Yet the Second Circuit ignored the Manual’s admoni-
tion that United States Attorneys who do not wish to 
bind other districts should explicitly limit the scope of 
a non-prosecution agreement to their districts. U.S. 
Dept. of Justice, Justice Manual (updated Feb. 2018), 
https://www.justice.gov/jm/jm-9-27000-principles-fede 
ral-prosecution. The existence of this provision reveals 
that AUSAs can bind other districts and that it is the 
obligation of the government to make explicit any 
limitation in the scope of immunity, and not the other 
way around. 
Fourth, the recitals of the NPA reveal that the 
intent was for a broad, complete resolution of the 
matters addressed by the agreement. The NPA states 
that “Epstein seeks to resolve globally his state and 
federal criminal liability.” (App.25). It also states that 
“the interests of the United States, the State of Florida, 
and the Defendant will be served” by the agreement. 
(App.25-26, emphasis added).  The recitals do not refer 
to the specific interests of the Southern District of 
Florida at all.   

III. This case is an ideal vehicle for resolving the 
split over this important and recurring 
question.  
This case is especially worthy of review because it 
cleanly presents the issue at hand, which is ripe for 
this Court’s attention. In this case, the government 
made a written promise that Epstein’s co-conspirators 
would not be prosecuted by the United States, and 
Maxwell was in fact prosecuted as a co-conspirator of 
Epstein by the United States. The only question is 
whether the government’s promise that the “United 
States” would not prosecute her was enforceable 
against the U.S. Attorney’s office in New York, or only 
against the Southern District of Florida. The circuit 
split on this issue is well developed and ripe for the 
Court’s review. 
CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, this Court should grant 
the petition for certiorari. 
Respectfully submitted, 
DAVID OSCAR MARKUS 
Counsel of Record 
MARKUS/MOSS PLLC 
N.W. Third Street 
Penthouse One 
Miami, FL 33128 
(305) 379-6667 
dmarkus@markuslaw.com 
Counsel for Petitioner 
April 10, 2025 

APPENDIX 

APPENDIX TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
APPENDIX A: OPINION,  U.S. Court of 
Appeals for the Second Circuit (September 17, 
2024) ..................................................................... 
1a 
APPENDIX B: NON-PROSECUTION AGREE-
MENT, Office of the U.S. Attorney for the 
Southern District of Florida (October 30, 2007) . 
24a 
APPENDIX C: JUDGMENT, U.S. District 
Court for the Southern District of New York 
(June 29, 2022)  ................................................... 
39a 
APPENDIX D: OPINION AND ORDER, U.S. 
District Court for the Southern District of New 
York (April 16, 2021) ........................................... 
52a 
APPENDIX E: ORDER,  U.S. Court of Appeals 
for the Second Circuit (November 25, 2024) ...... 
92a 
APPENDIX F: Excerpts of the Department of 
Justice Office of Professional Responsibility 
Report (November 2020) ..................................... 
93a 

1a 
APPENDIX A 
IN THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS 
FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT 
———— 
AUGUST TERM 2023 
No. 22-1426-cr 
———— 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Appellee, 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, also known as 
Sealed Defendant 1, 
Defendant-Appellant. 
———— 
On Appeal from the United States District Court  
for the Southern District of New York 
———— 
ARGUED: MARCH 12, 2024  
DECIDED: SEPTEMBER 17, 2024 
———— 
Before: CABRANES, WESLEY, and LOHIER, Circuit Judges. 
Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell appeals her June 29, 
2022, judgment of conviction in the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York 
(Alison J. Nathan, Judge). Maxwell was convicted of 
conspiracy to transport minors with intent to engage 
in criminal sexual activity in violation of 18 U.S.C.  
§ 371; transportation of a minor with intent to engage 
in criminal sexual activity in violation of 18 U.S.C.  

2a 
§ 2423(a); and sex trafficking of a minor in violation of 
U.S.C. § 1591(a) and (b)(2). She was principally 
sentenced to concurrent terms of imprisonment of 60 
months, 120 months, and 240 months, respectively, to 
be followed by concurrent terms of supervised release. 
On appeal, the questions presented are whether 
(1) Jeffrey Epstein’s Non-Prosecution Agreement with 
the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern 
District of Florida barred Maxwell’s prosecution by 
the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern 
District of New York; (2) a second superseding indict-
ment of March 29, 2021, complied with the statute of 
limitations; (3) the District Court abused its discretion 
in denying Maxwell’s Rule 33 motion for a new trial 
based on the claimed violation of her Sixth Amend-
ment right to a fair and impartial jury; (4) the District 
Court’s response to a jury note resulted in a construc-
tive amendment of, or prejudicial variance from, the 
allegations in the second superseding indictment; and 
(5) Maxwell’s sentence was procedurally reasonable. 
Identifying no errors in the District Court’s conduct 
of this complex case, we AFFIRM the District Court’s 
June 29, 2022, judgment of conviction. 
———— 
ANDREW ROHRBACH, Assistant United States Attorney 
(Maurene Comey, Alison Moe, Lara Pomerantz, Won S. 
Shin, Assistant United States Attorneys, on the brief), 
for Damian Williams, United States Attorney for the 
Southern District of New York, New York, NY, for 
Appellee. 
DIANA FABI SAMSON (Arthur L. Aidala, John M. 
Leventhal, on the brief), Aidala Bertuna & Kamins PC, 
New York, NY, for Defendant-Appellant. 
———— 

3a 
JOSÉ A. CABRANES, Circuit Judge: 
Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell appeals her June 29, 
2022, judgment of conviction in the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York 
(Alison J. Nathan, Judge). Maxwell was convicted of 
conspiracy to transport minors with intent to engage 
in criminal sexual activity in violation of 18 U.S.C.  
§ 371; transportation of a minor with intent to engage 
in criminal sexual activity in violation of 18 U.S.C.  
§ 2423(a); and sex trafficking of a minor in violation 
of 18 U.S.C. § 1591(a) and (b)(2). The District Court 
imposed concurrent terms of imprisonment of 60 
months, 120 months, and 240 months, respectively, to 
be followed by concurrent terms of supervised release 
of three years, three years, and five years, respectively. 
The District Court also imposed a fine of $250,000 on 
each count for a total of $750,000. 
On appeal, the questions presented are (1) whether 
Jeffrey Epstein’s Non-Prosecution Agreement (“NPA”) 
with the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern 
District of Florida (“USAO-SDFL”) barred Maxwell’s 
prosecution by the United States Attorney’s Office for 
the Southern District of New York (“USAO-SDNY”); 
(2) whether Maxwell’s second superseding indictment 
of March 29, 2021 (the “Indictment”) complied with the 
statute of limitations; (3) whether the District Court 
abused its discretion in denying Maxwell’s Rule 33 
motion for a new trial based on the claimed violation 
of her Sixth Amendment right to a fair and impartial 
jury; (4) whether the District Court’s response to a jury 
note resulted in a constructive amendment of, or 
prejudicial variance from, the allegations in the 
Indictment; and (5) whether Maxwell’s sentence was 
procedurally reasonable. 

4a 
We hold that Epstein’s NPA did not bar Maxwell’s 
prosecution by USAO-SDNY as the NPA does not 
bind USAO-SDNY. We hold that Maxwell’s Indictment 
complied with the statute of limitations as 18 U.S.C.  
§ 3283 extended the time to bring charges of sexual 
abuse for offenses committed before the date of 
the statute’s enactment. We further hold that the 
District Court did not abuse its discretion in denying 
Maxwell’s Rule 33 motion for a new trial based on one 
juror’s erroneous answers during voir dire. We also 
hold that the District Court’s response to a jury note 
did not result in a constructive amendment of, or 
prejudicial variance from, the allegations in the Indict-
ment. Lastly, we hold that Maxwell’s sentence is pro-
cedurally reasonable. 
Accordingly, we AFFIRM the District Court’s June 
29, 2022, judgment of conviction. 
I. BACKGROUND1 
Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell coordinated, facilitated, 
and contributed to Jeffrey Epstein’s sexual abuse of 
women and underage girls. Starting in 1994, Maxwell 
groomed numerous young women to engage in sexual 
activity with Epstein by building friendships with 
these young women, gradually normalizing discussions  
of sexual topics and sexual abuse. Until about 2004, 
this pattern of sexual abuse continued as Maxwell 
provided Epstein access to underage girls in various 
locations in the United States. 
Unless otherwise noted, the following facts are drawn from 
the evidence presented at trial and described in the light most 
favorable to the Government. See United States v. Litwok, 678 
F.3d 208, 210-11 (2d Cir. 2012) (“Because this is an appeal from a 
judgment of conviction entered after a jury trial, the [ ] facts are 
drawn from the trial evidence and described in the light most 
favorable to the Government.”). 

5a 
1. Epstein’s Non-Prosecution Agreement 
In September 2007, following state and federal 
investigations into allegations of Epstein’s unlawful 
sexual activity, Epstein entered into an NPA with 
USAO-SDFL. In the NPA, Epstein agreed to plead 
guilty to one count of solicitation of prostitution, in 
violation of Florida Statutes § 796.07,2 and to one 
count of solicitation of minors to engage in prostitu-
tion, in violation of Florida Statutes § 796.03.3 He 
agreed to receive a sentence of eighteen months’ 
imprisonment on the two charges. In consideration of 
Epstein’s agreement, the NPA states that “the United 
States also agrees that it will not institute any 
criminal charges against any potential co-conspirators 
of Epstein, including but not limited to Sarah Kellen, 
Adriana Ross, Lesley Groff, or Nadia Marcinkova.”4 
2. Maxwell’s Indictment and Trial-Related 
Proceedings 
The Indictment filed against Maxwell contained 
eight counts, six of which proceeded to trial.5 Prior to 
Florida Statutes § 796.07 provides in relevant part:  
(2)  It is unlawful: 
(f)  To solicit, induce, entice, or procure another to 
commit prostitution, lewdness, or assignation. 
Florida Statutes § 796.03, which has since been repealed, 
provided in relevant part: “A person who procures for prostitution, 
or causes to be prostituted, any person who is under the age of 18 
years commits a felony of the second degree.” 
A-178. 
Count One charged Maxwell with conspiracy to entice minors 
to travel to engage in illegal sex acts, in violation of 18 U.S.C. 
§ 371. Count Two charged Maxwell with enticement of a minor to 
travel to engage in illegal sex acts, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §§ 2422 
and 2. Count Three charged Maxwell with conspiracy to transport 

6a 
the commencement of trial, prospective jurors completed 
a lengthy questionnaire, with several questions rais-
ing issues relevant to the trial. Based on the completed 
questionnaires, the parties selected prospective jurors to 
proceed to in-person voir dire. The District Court 
ultimately empaneled a jury. 
During the four-and-a-half-week jury trial, the 
Government presented evidence of the repeated sexual 
abuse of six girls. At the conclusion of trial, on 
December 29, 2021, the jury found Maxwell guilty on 
all but one count.6 
Following the verdict, Juror 50 gave press interviews 
during which he stated that he was a survivor of child 
sexual abuse.7 In his answers to the written jury 
questionnaire, however, Juror 50 answered “no” to 
three questions asking whether he or a friend or 
family member had ever been the victim of a crime; 
whether he or a friend or family member had ever been 
the victim of sexual harassment, sexual abuse, or 
sexual assault; and whether he or a friend or family 
member had ever been accused of sexual harassment, 
minors with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, in 
violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371. Count Four charged Maxwell with 
transportation of a minor with intent to engage in criminal sexual 
activity, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §§ 2423(a) and 2. Count Five 
charged Maxwell with sex trafficking conspiracy, in violation of 
U.S.C. § 371. Count Six charged Maxwell with sex trafficking 
of a minor, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §§ 1591(a), (b)(2), and 2. 
Counts Seven and Eight charged Maxwell with perjury, in 
violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1623. The perjury charges were severed 
from the remaining charges and ultimately dismissed at sentencing. 
The jury found Maxwell guilty on Counts One, Three, Four, 
Five, and Six. Maxwell was acquitted on Count Two. 
Consistent with a juror anonymity order entered for trial, the 
parties and the District Court referred to the jurors by pseudonym. 

7a 
sexual abuse, or sexual assault.8 Upon learning of the 
interviews, the Government filed a letter on January 
5, 2022, requesting a hearing; Maxwell then moved for 
a new trial under Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 
33. On March 8, 2022, the District Court held a hearing 
and Juror 50 testified—under grant of immunity—
that his answers to three questions related to sexual 
abuse in the jury questionnaire were not accurate but 
that the answers were an inadvertent mistake and 
that his experiences did not affect his ability to be fair 
and impartial. Finding Juror 50’s testimony to be 
credible, the District Court denied Maxwell’s motion 
for a new trial in a written order. 
Maxwell was subsequently sentenced to a term of 
240 months’ imprisonment to be followed by five years’ 
supervised release, and the District Court imposed a 
$750,000 fine and a $300 mandatory special assessment. 
This appeal followed. 
Question 2 asked “[h]ave you, or any of your relatives or close 
friends, ever been a victim of a crime?” Question 48 asked “[h]ave 
you or a friend or family member ever been the victim of sexual 
harassment, sexual abuse, or sexual assault? (This includes 
actual or attempted sexual assault or other unwanted sexual 
advance, including by a stranger, acquaintance, supervisor, 
teacher, or family member.)” Finally, Question 49 asked 
[h]ave you or a friend or family member ever been 
accused of sexual harassment, sexual abuse, or sexual 
assault? (This includes both formal accusations in a 
court of law or informal accusations in a social or work 
setting of actual or attempted sexual assault or other 
unwanted sexual advance, including by a stranger, 
acquaintance, supervisor, teacher, or family member. 
See A-299, A-310. 

8a 
II. DISCUSSION 
1. The NPA Between Epstein and USAO-SDFL 
Did Not Bar Maxwell’s Prosecution by 
USAO-SDNY 
Maxwell sought dismissal of the charges in the 
Indictment on the grounds that the NPA made between 
Epstein and USAO-SDFL immunized her from prose-
cution on all counts as a third-party beneficiary of the 
NPA. The District Court denied the motion, rejecting 
Maxwell’s arguments. We agree. We review de novo the 
denial of a motion to dismiss an indictment.9 
In arguing that the NPA barred her prosecution by 
USAO-SDNY, Maxwell cites the portion of the NPA in 
which “the United States [ ] agree[d] that it w[ould] not 
institute any criminal charges against any potential co-
conspirators of Epstein.”10 We hold that the NPA with 
USAO-SDFL does not bind USAO-SDNY. 
It is well established in our Circuit that “[a] plea 
agreement binds only the office of the United States 
Attorney for the district in which the plea is entered 
unless it affirmatively appears that the agreement 
contemplates a broader restriction.”11 And while Maxwell 
contends that we cannot apply Annabi to an agreement 
negotiated and executed outside of this Circuit, we 
have previously done just that.12 Applying Annabi, we 
See, e.g., United States v. Walters, 910 F.3d 11, 22 (2d Cir. 
2018). 
A-178. 
United States v. Annabi, 771 F.2d 670, 672 (2d Cir. 1985). We 
recognize that circuits have been split on this issue for decades. 
See United States v. Harvey, 791 F.2d 294, 303 (4th Cir. 1986); 
United States v. Gebbie, 294 F.3d 540, 550 (3d Cir. 2002). 
See, e.g., United States v. Prisco, 391 F. App’x 920, 921 (2d Cir. 
2010) (summary order) (applying Annabi to plea agreement 

9a 
conclude that the NPA did not bar Maxwell’s prosecu-
tion by USAO-SDNY. There is nothing in the NPA that 
affirmatively shows that the NPA was intended to bind 
multiple districts. Instead, where the NPA is not 
silent, the agreement’s scope is expressly limited to the 
Southern District of Florida. The NPA makes clear 
that if Epstein fulfilled his obligations, he would no 
longer face charges in that district: 
After timely fulfilling all the terms and 
conditions of the Agreement, no prosecution 
for the offenses set out on pages 1 and 2 of this 
Agreement, nor any other offenses that have 
been the subject of the joint investigation by 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the 
United States Attorney’s Office, nor any 
offenses that arose from the Federal Grand 
Jury investigation will be instituted in this 
District, and the charges against Epstein if 
any, will be dismissed.13 
entered into in the District of New Jersey); United States v. 
Gonzalez, 93 F. App’x 268, 270 (2d Cir. 2004) (summary order) 
(same, to agreement entered into in the District of New Mexico). 
Nor does Annabi, as Maxwell contends, apply only where subsequent 
charges are "sufficiently distinct" from charges covered by an 
earlier agreement. In Annabi, this Court rejected an interpreta-
tion of a prior plea agreement that rested on the Double Jeopardy 
Clause, reasoning that even if the Double Jeopardy Clause 
applied, the subsequent charges were "sufficiently distinct" and 
therefore fell outside the Clause’s protections. Annabi, 771 F.2d 
at 672. This Court did not, however, conclude that the rule of 
construction it announced depended on the similarities between 
earlier and subsequent charges. 
A-175 (emphasis added). The agreement’s scope is also 
limited in an additional section: 
THEREFORE, on the authority of R. Alexander Acosta, 
United States Attorney for the Southern District of 

10a 
The only language in the NPA that speaks to the 
agreement’s scope is limiting language. 
The negotiation history of the NPA, just as the text, 
fails to show that the agreement was intended to bind 
other districts. Under our Court’s precedent, the 
negotiation history of an NPA can support an inference 
that an NPA “affirmatively” binds other districts.14 Yet, 
the actions of USAO-SDFL do not indicate that the 
NPA was intended to bind other districts. 
The United States Attorney’s Manual that was 
operable during the negotiations of the NPA required 
that: 
No district or division shall make any 
agreement, including any agreement not to 
prosecute, which purports to bind any other 
district(s) or division without the express written 
approval of the United States Attorney(s) in 
each affected district and/or the Assistant 
Attorney General of the Criminal Division.15 
Nothing before us indicates that USAO-SDNY had 
been notified or had approved of Epstein’s NPA with 
USAO-SDFL and intended to be bound by it. And the 
Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division 
stated in an interview with the Office of Professional 
Responsibility that she “played no role” in the NPA, 
either by reviewing or approving the agreement. 
Florida, prosecution in this District for these offenses 
shall be deferred in favor of prosecution by the State of 
Florida, provided that Epstein abides by the following 
conditions and the requirements of this Agreement set 
forth below. 
Id. (emphasis added). 
See United States v. Russo, 801 F.2d 624, 626 (2d Cir. 1986). 
United States Attorney’s Manual § 9-27.641 (2007). 

11a 
The history of the Office of the United States 
Attorney is instructive as to the scope of their actions 
and duties. The Judiciary Act of 1789 created the 
Office of the United States Attorney, along with the 
office of the Attorney General. More specifically, the 
Judiciary Act provided for the appointment, in each 
district, of a “person learned in the law to act as 
attorney for the United States in such district, who 
shall be sworn or affirmed to the faithful execution of 
his office, whose duty it shall be to prosecute in such 
district all delinquents for crimes and offences, 
cognizable under the authority of the United States, 
and all civil actions in which the United States shall 
be concerned.”16 The Judiciary Act thus emphasized 
that U.S. Attorneys would enforce the law of the 
United States but did not determine that the actions 
of one U.S. Attorney could bind other districts, let alone 
the entire nation. In fact, the phrase “in such district,” 
repeated twice, implies that the scope of the actions 
and the duties of the U.S. Attorneys would be limited 
to their own districts, absent any express exceptions. 
Since 1789, while the number of federal districts has 
grown significantly, the duties of a U.S. Attorney and 
their scope remain largely unchanged. By statute, U.S. 
Attorneys, “within [their] district, shall (1) prosecute 
for all offenses against the United States; (2) prosecute 
or defend, for the Government, all civil actions, suits or 
proceedings in which the United States is concerned.”17 
Again, the scope of the duties of a U.S. Attorney is 
An Act to Establish the Judicial Courts of the United States, 
ch. 20, § 35, 1 Stat. 73, 92-93 (1789) (emphasis added). 
28 U.S.C. § 547. 

12a 
cabined to their specific district unless otherwise 
directed.18 
In short, Annabi controls the result here. Nothing in 
the text of the NPA or its negotiation history suggests 
that the NPA precluded USAO-SDNY from prosecut-
ing Maxwell for the charges in the Indictment. The 
District Court therefore correctly denied Maxwell’s 
motion without an evidentiary hearing. 
2. The Indictment Is Timely 
Maxwell argues that Counts Three and Four of the 
Indictment are untimely because they do not fall 
within the scope of offenses involving the sexual or 
physical abuse or kidnapping of a minor and thereby 
do not fall within the extended statute of limitations 
provided by § 3283.19 Separately, Maxwell contends 
that the Government cannot apply the 2003 amendment 
to § 3283 that extended the statute of limitations to 
This does not suggest that there are no instances in which a 
U.S. Attorney's powers do not extend beyond their districts. For 
instance, under 28 U.S.C. § 515 a U.S. Attorney can represent the 
Government or participate in proceedings in other districts, but 
only when specifically directed by the Attorney General: 
The Attorney General or any other officer of the 
Department of Justice, or any attorney specially 
appointed by the Attorney General under law, may, 
when specifically directed by the Attorney General, 
conduct any kind of legal proceeding . . . which United 
States attorneys are authorized by law to conduct, 
whether or not he is a resident of the district in which 
the proceeding is brought. 
18 U.S.C. § 3283 provides: “[n]o statute of limitations that 
would otherwise preclude prosecution for an offense involving the 
sexual or physical abuse, or kidnaping, of a child under the age of 
years shall preclude such prosecution during the life of the 
child, or for ten years after the offense, whichever is longer.” 

13a 
those offenses that were committed before the 
enactment into law of the provision. On both points, 
we disagree and hold that the District Court correctly 
denied Maxwell’s motions to dismiss the charges as 
untimely. We review de novo the denial of a motion to 
dismiss an indictment and the application of a statute 
of limitations.20 
First, Counts Three and Four of the Indictment are 
offenses involving the sexual abuse of minors. The 
District Court properly applied Weingarten v. United 
States.21 In Weingarten, we explained that Congress 
intended courts to apply § 3283 using a case-specific 
approach as opposed to a “categorical approach.”22 
We see no reason to depart from our reasoning in 
Weingarten. Accordingly, the question presented here 
is whether the charged offenses involved the sexual 
abuse of a minor for the purposes of § 3283 based on 
the facts of the case. Jane, one of the women who 
United States v. Sampson, 898 F.3d 270, 276, 278 (2d Cir. 
2018). 
865 F.3d 48, 58-60 (2d Cir. 2017); see also United States v. 
Maxwell, 534 F. Supp. 3d 299, 313 14 (S.D.N.Y. 2021). 
The “categorical approach” is a method of statutory inter-
pretation that requires courts to look "only to the statutory 
definitions of the prior offenses, and not to the particular facts 
underlying those convictions” for sentencing and immigration 
purposes. Taylor v. United States, 495 U.S. 575, 600 (1990). We 
properly reasoned in Weingarten that § 3283 met none of the 
conditions listed by Taylor that might require application of the 
categorical approach. See Weingarten, 865 F.3d at 58-60. First, 
“[t]he language of § 3283[] . . . reaches beyond the offense and its 
legal elements to the conduct ‘involv[ed]’ in the offense.” Id. at 59-
60. Second, legislative history suggests that Congress intended  
§ 3283 to be applied broadly. Id. at 60. Third, a case-specific 
approach would not produce practical difficulties or potential 
unfairness. Id. 

14a 
testified at trial, gave evidence that she had been 
sexually abused when transported across state lines 
as a minor. Counts Three and Four thus qualify as 
offenses, and § 3283 applies to those offenses. 
Second, Maxwell argues that Counts Three, Four, 
and Six of the Indictment are barred by the statute of 
limitations because the extended statute of limitations 
provided by the 2003 amendment to § 3283 does not 
apply to pre-enactment conduct. In Landgraf v. USI 
Film Products, the Supreme Court held that a court, 
in deciding whether a statute applies retroactively, 
must first “determine whether Congress has expressly 
prescribed the statute’s proper reach.”23 If Congress 
has done so, “the inquiry ends, and the court enforces 
the statute as it is written.”24 If the statute “is 
ambiguous or contains no express command regarding 
retroactivity, a reviewing court must determine whether 
applying the statute to antecedent conduct would 
create presumptively impermissible retroactive effects.”25 
Here, the inquiry is straightforward. In 2003, Con-
gress amended § 3283 to provide: “No statute of 
limitations that would otherwise preclude prosecution 
for an offense involving the sexual or physical abuse, 
or kidnaping, of a child under the age of 18 years 
shall preclude such prosecution during the life of 
the child.”26 The text of § 3283—that no statute of 
511 U.S. 244, 280 (1994); see also Weingarten, 865 F.3d at 
54-55. 
In re Enter. Mortg. Acceptance Co., LLC, Sec. Litig., 391 F.3d 
401, 406 (2d Cir. 2004) (citing Landgraf, 511 U.S. at 280). 
Weingarten, 865 F.3d at 55 (citation and internal quotation 
marks omitted). 
PROTECT Act, Pub. L. No. 108-21, § 202, 117 Stat. 650, 660 
(2003). 

15a 
limitations that would otherwise preclude prosecution 
of these offenses will apply—plainly requires that it 
prevent the application of any statute of limitations 
that would otherwise apply to past conduct. 
The statutory text makes clear that Congress 
intended to extend the time to bring charges of sexual 
abuse for pre-enactment conduct as the prior statute 
of limitations was inadequate. This is enough to 
conclude that the PROTECT Act’s amendment to 
§ 3283 applies to Maxwell’s conduct as charged in the 
Indictment. 
3. The District Court Did Not Abuse Its 
Discretion in Denying Maxwell’s Motion for 
a New Trial 
Maxwell contends that she was deprived of her 
constitutional right to a fair and impartial jury 
because Juror 50 failed to accurately respond to 
several questions related to his history of sexual abuse 
as part of the jury questionnaire during jury selection. 
Following a special evidentiary hearing, the District 
Court denied Maxwell’s motion for a new trial. 
We review a District Court’s denial of a motion for a 
new trial for abuse of discretion.27 We have been 
extremely reluctant to “haul jurors in after they have 
See Rivas v. Brattesani, 94 F.3d 802, 807 (2d Cir. 1996). “[W]e 
are mindful that a judge has not abused her discretion simply 
because she has made a different decision than we would have 
made in the first instance." United States v. Ferguson, 246 F.3d 
129, 133 (2d Cir. 2001). We have repeatedly explained that the 
term of art “abuse of discretion” includes errors of law, a clearly 
erroneous assessment of the evidence, or “a decision that cannot 
be located within the range of permissible decisions.” In re Sims, 
534 F.3d 117, 132 (2d Cir. 2008) (citation and internal quotation 
marks omitted). 

16a 
reached a verdict in order to probe for potential 
instances of bias, misconduct or extraneous influences.”28 
While courts can “vacate any judgment and grant a 
new trial if the interest of justice so requires,” Fed. R. 
Crim. P. 33(a), they should do so “sparingly” and only 
in “the most extraordinary circumstances.”29 A district 
court “has broad discretion to decide Rule 33 motions 
based upon its evaluation of the proof produced” and is 
shown deference on appeal.30 
A Rule 33 motion based on a juror’s alleged 
erroneous response during voir dire is governed by 
McDonough Power Equipment, Inc. v. Greenwood.31 
Under McDonough, a party seeking a new trial “must 
first demonstrate that a juror failed to answer 
honestly a material question on voir dire, and then 
further show that a correct response would have 
provided a valid basis for a challenge for cause.”32 
The District Court applied the McDonough stand-
ard, found Juror 50’s testimony credible, and deter-
mined that Juror 50’s erroneous responses during voir 
dire were “not deliberately incorrect” and that “he 
would not have been struck for cause if he had pro-
vided accurate responses to the questionnaire.”33 In 
United States v. Moon, 718 F.2d 1210, 1234 (2d Cir. 1983). 
Ferguson, 246 F.3d at 134. 
United States v. Gambino, 59 F.3d 353, 364 (2d Cir. 1995) 
(citation and internal quotation marks omitted). 
464 U.S. 548 (1984). 
Id. at 556. 
A-340 (emphasis added). The Supreme Court reminds us that 
“[t]o invalidate the result of a [ ] trial because of a juror’s 
mistaken, though honest response to a question, is to insist on 
something closer to perfection than our judicial system can be 
expected to give.” McDonough, 464 U.S. at 555. 

17a 
fact, as the District Court noted, Maxwell did not 
challenge the inclusion of other jurors who disclosed 
past experience with sexual abuse, assault, or harass-
ment. This is enough; the District Court did not abuse 
its discretion in denying Maxwell’s motion for a new 
trial.34 
4. The District Court’s Response to a Jury 
Note Did Not Result in a Constructive 
Amendment of, or Prejudicial Variance from, 
the Allegations in the Indictment 
During jury deliberations, the jury sent the 
following jury note regarding Count Four of the 
Indictment: 
Under Count Four (4), if the defendant aided 
in the transportation of Jane’s return flight, 
but not the flight to New Mexico where/if the 
intent was for Jane to engage in sexual 
activity, can she be found guilty under the 
second element?35 
The District Court determined that it would not 
respond to the note directly because it was difficult to 
“parse factually and legally” and instead referred the 
Nor did the District Court err in questioning Juror 50 rather 
than allowing the parties to do so. In conducting a hearing on 
potential juror misconduct, “[w]e leave it to the district court’s 
discretion to decide the extent to which the parties may 
participate in questioning the witnesses, and whether to hold the 
hearing in camera.” United States v. Ianniello, 866 F.2d 540, 544 
(2d Cir. 1989). And while Maxwell contends that the District 
Court improperly limited questioning about Juror 50’s role in 
deliberations, she both waived that argument below and fails to 
show here how any such questioning would not be foreclosed by 
Federal Rule of Evidence 606(b). 
A-238. 

18a 
jury to the second element of Count Four.36 Maxwell 
subsequently filed a letter seeking reconsideration of 
the District Court’s response, claiming that this 
response resulted in a constructive amendment or 
prejudicial variance. The District Court declined to 
reconsider its response and denied Maxwell’s motion. 
Maxwell appeals the District Court’s denial and 
argues that the alleged constructive amendment is a 
per se violation of the Grand Jury Clause of the Fifth 
Amendment. Specifically, Maxwell argues that testimony 
about a witness’s sexual abuse in New Mexico presented 
the jury with another basis for conviction, which is 
distinct from the charges in the Indictment. Similarly, 
Maxwell argues that this testimony resulted in a 
prejudicial variance from the Indictment. We disagree 
and affirm the District Court’s denial. 
We review the denial of a motion claiming constructive 
amendment or prejudicial variance de novo.37 To 
satisfy the Fifth Amendment’s Grand Jury Clause, “an 
indictment must contain the elements of the offense 
charged and fairly inform the defendant of the charge 
against which he must defend.”38 We have explained 
that to prevail on a constructive amendment claim, a 
defendant must demonstrate that “the terms of the 
indictment are in effect altered by the presentation  
of evidence and jury instructions which so modify 
A-207-221. The District Court’s instruction on the second 
element of Count Four required the jury to find that “Maxwell 
knowingly transported Jane in interstate commerce with the 
intent that Jane engage in sexual activity for which any person 
can be charged with a criminal offense in violation of New York 
law.” A-205. 
See United States v. Dove, 884 F.3d 138, 146, 149 (2d Cir. 
2018). 
United States v. Khalupsky, 5 F.4th 279, 293 (2d Cir. 2021). 

19a 
essential elements of the offense charged that there is 
a substantial likelihood that the defendant may have 
been convicted of an offense other than that charged 
in the indictment.”39 A constructive amendment re-
quires reversal.40 
We cannot conclude that a constructive amend- 
ment resulted from the evidence presented by the 
Government—namely, Jane’s testimony—or that it 
can be implied from the jury note. We have permitted 
significant flexibility in proof as long as a defendant 
was “given notice of the core of criminality to be 
proven at trial.”41 In turn, “[t]he core of criminality of 
an offense involves the essence of a crime, in general 
terms; the particulars of how a defendant effected the 
crime falls outside that purview.”42 
We agree with the District Court that the jury 
instructions, the evidence presented at trial, and the 
Government’s summation captured the core of 
criminality. As the District Court noted, while the jury 
note was ambiguous in one sense, it was clear that it 
referred to the second element of Count Four of the 
Indictment. Therefore, the District Court correctly 
directed the jury to that instruction, which “accurately 
instructed that Count Four had to be predicated on 
finding a violation of New York law.”43 It is therefore 
United States v. Mollica, 849 F.2d 723, 729 (2d Cir. 1988). 
See United States v. D’Amelio, 683 F.3d 412, 417 (2d Cir. 
2012). 
United States v. Ionia Mgmt. S.A., 555 F.3d 303, 310 (2d Cir. 
2009) (per curiam) (emphasis omitted). 
D’Amelio, 683 F.3d at 418 (internal quotation marks 
omitted). 
A-387; see United States v. Parker, 903 F.2d 91, 101 (2d Cir. 
1990) (“The trial judge is in the best position to sense whether the 

20a 
not “uncertain whether [Maxwell] was convicted of 
conduct that was the subject of the grand jury’s 
indictment.”44 
We also cannot conclude that the evidence at 
trial prejudicially varied from the Indictment. To 
allege a variance, a defendant “must establish that the 
evidence offered at trial differs materially from the 
evidence alleged in the indictment.”45 To prevail and 
win reversal, the defendant must further show “that 
substantial prejudice occurred at trial as a result” of 
the variance.46 “A defendant cannot demonstrate 
that he has been prejudiced by a variance where 
the pleading and the proof substantially correspond, 
where the variance is not of a character that could 
have misled the defendant at the trial, and where the 
variance is not such as to deprive the accused of his 
right to be protected against another prosecution for 
the same offense.”47 
For reasons similar to the ones noted above in the 
context of the constructive amendment, the evidence 
at trial did not prove facts “materially different” 
from the allegations in the Indictment.48 The evidence 
indicated that Maxwell transported Jane to New York 
for sexual abuse and conspired to do the same. 
Maxwell knew that the evidence also included conduct 
jury is able to proceed properly with its deliberations, and [ ] has 
considerable discretion in determining how to respond to commu-
nications indicating that the jury is experiencing confusion.”) 
United States v. Salmonese, 352 F.3d 608, 620 (2d Cir. 2003). 
Dove, 884 F.3d at 149 
Id. (citation and internal quotation marks omitted). 
Salmonese, 352 F.3d at 621-22 (citation and internal quota-
tion marks omitted); see also Khalupsky, 5 F.4th at 294. 
Dove, 884 F.3d at 149. 

21a 
in New Mexico.49 Furthermore, Maxwell cannot demon-
strate “substantial prejudice.” Maxwell received—over 
three weeks before trial—notes of Jane’s interview 
recording the abuse she suffered in New Mexico. This 
is enough to conclude that Maxwell was not “unfairly 
and substantially” prejudiced.50 
5. Maxwell’s 
Sentence 
Was 
Procedurally 
Reasonable 
Lastly, Maxwell argues that her sentence was 
procedurally unreasonable because the District Court 
erred in applying a leadership sentencing enhancement 
under the Sentencing Guidelines and inadequately 
explained its above-Guidelines sentence.51 We disagree. 
We review a sentence for both procedural and 
substantive reasonableness, which “amounts to review 
for abuse of discretion.”52 We have explained that 
As the District Court found, “[t]he Indictment charged a 
scheme to sexually abuse underage girls in New York. In service 
of this scheme, the Indictment alleged that Epstein and the 
Defendant groomed the victims for abuse at various properties 
and in various states, including Epstein’s ranch in New Mexico.” 
A-393. 
See United States v. Lebedev, 932 F.3d 40, 54 (2d Cir. 2019) 
(concluding that a defendant was not “unfairly and substantially” 
prejudiced because “[t]he government disclosed the evidence and 
exhibits . . . four weeks prior to trial”). 
At sentencing, the District Court calculated a Guidelines 
range of 188 to 235 months’ imprisonment and sentenced 
Maxwell to a slightly above-Guidelines term of 240 months’ 
imprisonment. 
United States v. Cavera, 550 F.3d 180, 187 (2d Cir. 2008) (en 
banc). “Regardless of whether the sentence imposed is inside or 
outside the Guidelines range, the appellate court must review the 
sentence under an abuse-of-discretion standard.” Gall v. United 
States, 552 U.S. 38, 51 (2007). 

22a 
procedural error is found when a district court “fails to 
calculate (or improperly calculates) the Sentencing 
Guidelines range, treats the Sentencing Guidelines as 
mandatory, fails to consider the [Section] 3553(a) factors, 
selects a sentence based on clearly erroneous facts, or 
fails adequately to explain the chosen sentence.”53 
The District Court did none of that. It is important 
to emphasize that the Sentencing Guidelines “are 
guidelines—that is, they are truly advisory.”54 A 
District Court is “generally free to impose sentences 
outside the recommended range” based on its own 
“informed and individualized judgment.”55 
With respect to the four-level leadership enhancement, 
the District Court found that Maxwell “supervised” 
Sarah Kellen in part because of testimony from two 
of Epstein’s pilots who testified that Kellen was 
Maxwell’s assistant. The District Court found that 
testimony credible, in part because it was corroborated 
by other testimony that Maxwell was Epstein’s 
“number two and the lady of the house” in Palm Beach, 
where much of the abuse occurred and where Kellen 
worked.56 We therefore hold that the District Court did 
not err in applying the leadership enhancement. 
With respect to the length of the sentence, the 
District Court properly discussed the sentencing 
factors when imposing the sentence, and described, at 
length, Maxwell’s “pivotal role in facilitating the abuse 
of the underaged girls through a series of deceptive 
United States v. Robinson, 702 F.3d 22, 38 (2d Cir. 2012). 
Cavera, 550 F.3d at 189. 
Id. 
A-417. 

23a 
tactics.”57 The District Court recognized that the 
sentence “must reflect the gravity of Ms. Maxwell’s 
conduct, of Ms. Maxwell’s offense, the pivotal role she 
played in facilitating the offense, and the significant 
and lasting harm it inflicted.”58 And the District Court 
explained that “a very serious, a very significant 
sentence is necessary to achieve the purposes of 
punishment” under 18 U.S.C. § 3553(a). In sum, the 
District Court did not err by failing to adequately 
explain its sentence. 
CONCLUSION 
To summarize, we hold as follows: 
1.  The District Court did not err in holding 
that Epstein’s NPA with USAO-SDFL did not bar 
Maxwell’s prosecution by USAOSDNY. 
2.  The District Court did not err in holding that the 
Indictment was filed within the statute of limitations. 
3.  The District Court did not abuse its discretion in 
denying Maxwell’s Rule 33 motion for a new trial. 
4.  The District Court’s response to a jury note did 
not result in a constructive amendment of, or prejudi-
cial variance from, the allegations in the Indictment. 
5.  The District Court’s sentence was procedurally 
reasonable. 
For the foregoing reasons, we AFFIRM the District 
Court’s June 29, 2022, judgment of conviction. 
SA-459. 
SA-461. 

24a 
APPENDIX B 
IN RE: INVESTIGATION OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT 
IT APPEARING that the City of Palm Beach Police 
Department and the State Attorney’s Office for the 
15th Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County 
(hereinafter, the “State Attorney’s Office”) have 
conducted an investigation into the conduct of Jeffrey 
Epstein (hereinafter “Epstein”); 
IT APPEARING that the State Attorney’s Office has 
charged Epstein by indictment with solicitation of 
prostitution, in violation of Florida Statutes Section 
796.07; 
IT APPEARING that the United States Attorney’s 
Office and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have 
conducted their own investigation into Epstein’s 
background and any offenses that may have been 
committed by Epstein against the United States from 
in or around 2001 through in or around September 
2007, including: 
(1) knowingly and willfully conspiring with others 
known and unknown to commit an offense 
against the United States, that is, to use a 
facility or means of interstate or foreign com-
merce to knowingly persuade, induce, or entice 
minor females to engage in prostitution, in 
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 
2422(b); all in violation of Title 18, United 
States Code, Section 371; 
(2) knowingly and willfully conspiring with others 
known and unknown to travel in interstate 
commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit 
sexual conduct, as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(f), 

25a 
with minor females, in violation of Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2423(b); all in 
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 
2423(e); 
(3) using a facility or means of interstate or foreign 
commerce to knowingly persuade, induce, or 
entice minor females to engage in prostitution; 
in violation of Title 18, United States Code, 
Sections 2422(b) and 2; 
(4) traveling in interstate commerce for the pur-
pose of engaging in illicit sexual conduct, as 
defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(f), with minor 
females; in violation of Title 18, United States 
Code, Section 2423(b); and 
(5) knowingly, in and affecting interstate and 
foreign commerce, recruiting, enticing, and 
obtaining by any means a person, knowing that 
the person had not attained the age of 18 years 
and would be caused to engage in a commercial 
sex act as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 1591(c)(1); in 
violation of Title 18, United States Code, 
Sections 1591(a)(1) and 2; and 
IT APPEARING that Epstein seeks to resolve globally 
his state and federal criminal liability and Epstein 
understands and acknowledges that, in exchange for 
the benefits provided by this agreement, he agrees to 
comply with its terms, including undertaking certain 
actions with the State Attorney’s Office; 
IT APPEARING, after an investigation of the 
offenses and Epstein’s background by both State and 
Federal law enforcement agencies, and after due 
consultation with the State Attorney’s Office, that the 
interests of the United States, the State of Florida, and 

26a 
the Defendant will be served by the following 
procedure; 
THEREFORE, on the authority of R. Alexander 
Acosta, United States Attorney for the Southern 
District of Florida, prosecution in this District for 
these offenses shall be deferred in favor of prosecution 
by the State of Florida, provided that Epstein abides 
by the following conditions and the requirements of 
this Agreement set forth below. 
If the United States Attorney should determine, 
based on reliable evidence, that, during the period of 
the Agreement, Epstein willfully violated any of the 
conditions of this Agreement, then the United States 
Attorney may, within ninety (90) days following the 
expiration of the term of home confinement discussed 
below, provide Epstein with timely notice specifying 
the condition(s) of the Agreement that he has violated, 
and shall initiate its prosecution on any offense within 
sixty (60) days’ of giving notice of the violation. Any 
notice provided to Epstein pursuant to this paragraph 
shall be provided within 60 days of the United States 
learning of facts which may provide a basis for a 
determination of a breach of the Agreement. 
After timely fulfilling all the terms and conditions of 
the Agreement, no prosecution for the offenses set out 
on pages 1 and 2 of this Agreement, nor any other 
offenses that have been the subject of the joint 
investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
and the United States Attorney’s Office, nor any 
offenses that arose from the Federal Grand Jury 
investigation will be instituted in this District, and the 
charges against Epstein if any, will be dismissed. 

27a 
Terms of the Agreement: 
1. Epstein shall plead guilty (not nolo contendere) 
to the Indictment as currently pending 
against him in the 15th Judicial Circuit in and 
for Palm Beach County (Case No. 2006-cf-
009495AXXXMB) charging one (1) count of 
solicitation of prostitution, in violation of Fl. Stat. 
§ 796.07. In addition, Epstein shall plead guilty 
to an Information filed by the State Attorney’s 
Office charging Epstein with an offense that 
requires him to register as a sex offender, that 
is, the solicitation of minors to engage in 
prostitution, in violation of Florida Statutes 
Section 796.03; 
2. Epstein shall make a binding recommendation 
that the Court impose a thirty (30) month 
sentence to be divided as follows: 
(a) Epstein shall be sentenced to consecutive 
terms of twelve (12) months and six (6) 
months in county jail for all charges, without 
any opportunity for withholding adjudi-
cation or sentencing, and without probation 
or community control in lieu of imprison-
ment; and 
(b) Epstein shall be sentenced to a term of 
twelve (12) months of community control 
consecutive to his two terms in county jail as 
described in Term 2(a), supra. 
3. This agreement is contingent upon a Judge 
of the 15th Judicial Circuit accepting and 
executing the sentence agreed upon between 
the State Attorney’s Office and Epstein, the 
details of which are set forth in this agreement. 

28a 
4. The terms contained in paragraphs 1 and 2, 
supra, do not foreclose Epstein and the State 
Attorney’s Office from agreeing to recommend 
any additional charge(s) or any additional 
term(s) of probation and/or incarceration. 
5. Epstein shall waive all challenges to the 
Information filed by the State Attorney’s Office 
and shall waive the right to appeal his con-
viction and sentence, except a sentence that 
exceeds what is set forth in paragraph (2), 
supra. 
6. Epstein shall provide to the U.S. Attorney’s 
Office copies of all proposed agreements with 
the State Attorney’s Office prior to entering into 
those agreements. 
7. The United States shall provide Epstein’s 
attorneys with a list of individuals whom it has 
identified as victims, as defined in 18 U.S.C.  
§ 2255, after Epstein has signed this agreement 
and been sentenced. Upon the execution of this 
agreement, the United States, in consultation 
with and subject to the good faith approval 
of Epstein’s counsel, shall select an attorney 
representative for these persons, who shall be 
paid for by Epstein. Epstein’s counsel may 
contact the identified individuals through that 
representative. 
8. If any of the individuals referred to in para-
graph (7), supra, elects to file suit pursuant to 
U.S.C. § 2255, Epstein will not contest the 
jurisdiction of the United States District Court 
for the Southern District of Florida over his 
person and/or the subject matter, and Epstein 
waives his right to contest liability and also 

29a 
waives his right to contest damages up to an 
amount as agreed to between the identified 
individual and Epstein, so long as the identified 
individual elects to proceed exclusively under 
U.S.C. § 2255, and agrees to waive any other 
claim for damages, whether pursuant to state, 
federal, or common law. Notwithstanding this 
waiver, as to those individuals whose names 
appear on the list provided by the United 
States, Epstein’s signature on this agreement, 
his waivers and failures to contest liability and 
such damages in any suit are not to be 
construed as an admission of any criminal or 
civil liability. 
9. Epstein’s signature on this agreement also is 
not to be construed as an admission of civil or 
criminal liability or a waiver of any jurisdic-
tional or other defense as to any person whose 
name does not appear on the list provided by the 
United States. 
10. Except as to those individuals who elect to 
proceed exclusively under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, as 
set forth in paragraph (8), supra, neither 
Epstein’s signature on this agreement, nor its 
terms, nor any resulting waivers or settlements 
by Epstein are to be construed as admissions or 
evidence of civil or criminal liability or a waiver 
of any jurisdictional or other defense as to any 
person, whether or not her name appears on the 
list provided by the United States. 
11. Epstein shall use his best efforts to enter his 
guilty plea and be sentenced not later than 
October 26, 2007. The United States has no 
objection to Epstein self-reporting to begin 

30a 
serving his sentence not later than January 4, 
2008. 
12. Epstein agrees that he will not be afforded any 
benefits with respect to gain time, other than 
the rights, opportunities, and benefits as any 
other inmate, including but not limited to, 
eligibility for gain time credit based on standard 
rules and regulations that apply in the State of 
Florida. At the United States’ request, Epstein 
agrees to provide an accounting of the gain time 
he earned during his period of incarceration. 
13. The parties anticipate that this agreement will 
not be made part of any public record. If the 
United States receives a Freedom of Information 
Act request or any compulsory process com-
manding the disclosure of the agreement, it will 
provide notice to Epstein before making that 
disclosure. 
Epstein understands that the United States Attorney 
has no authority to require the State Attorney’s Office 
to abide by any terms of this agreement. Epstein 
understands that it is his obligation to undertake 
discussions with the State Attorney’s Office and to 
use his best efforts to ensure compliance with these 
procedures, which compliance will be necessary to 
satisfy the United States’ interest. Epstein also 
understands that it is his obligation to use his best 
efforts to convince the Judge of the 15th Judicial 
Circuit to accept Epstein’s binding recommendation 
regarding the sentence to be imposed, and understands 
that the failure to do so will be a breach of the 
agreement. 
In consideration of Epstein’s agreement to plead 
guilty and to provide compensation in the manner 

31a 
described above, if Epstein successfully fulfills all 
of the terms and conditions of this agreement, the 
United States also agrees that it will not institute any 
criminal char es against any potential co-conspirators 
of Epstein, including but not limited to xxxxxxxxxxxx 
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx. Further, upon execution 
of this agreement and a plea agreement with the State 
Attorney’s Office, the federal Grand Jury investigation 
will be suspended, and all pending federal Grand Jury 
subpoenas will be held in abeyance unless and until 
the defendant violates any term of this agreement. The 
defendant likewise agrees to withdraw his pending 
motion to intervene and to quash certain grand jury 
subpoenas. Both parties agree to maintain their 
evidence, specifically evidence requested by or directly 
related to the grand jury subpoenas that have been 
issued, and including certain computer equipment, 
inviolate until all of the terms of this agreement have 
been satisfied. Upon the successful completion of the 
terms of this agreement, all outstanding grand jury 
subpoenas shall be deemed withdrawn. 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and 
certifies that each of these terms is material to this 
agreement and is supported by independent consideration 
and that a breach of any one of these conditions allows 
the United States to elect to terminate the agreement 
and to investigate and prosecute Epstein and any other 
individual or entity for any and all federal offenses. 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and 
certifies that he is aware of the fact that the Sixth 
Amendment to the Constitution of the United States 
provides that in all criminal prosecutions the accused 
shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial. 
Epstein further is aware that Rule 4 8(b) of the Federal 
Rules of Criminal Procedure provides that the Court 

32a 
may dismiss an indictment, information, or complaint 
for unnecessary delay in presenting a charge to the 
Grand Jury, filing an information, or in bringing a 
defendant to trial. Epstein hereby requests that the 
United States Attorney for the Southern District of 
Florida defer such prosecution. Epstein agrees and 
consents that any delay from the date of this Agreement 
to the date of initiation of prosecution, as provided for 
in the terms expressed herein, shall be deemed to be a 
necessary delay at his own request, and he hereby 
waives any defense to such prosecution on the ground 
that such delay operated to deny him rights under 
Rule 4 8(b) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure 
and the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of  
the United States to a speedy trial or to bar the 
prosecution by reason of the running of the statute of 
limitations for a period of months equal to the period 
between the signing of this agreement and the breach 
of this agreement as to those offenses that were the 
subject of the grand jury’s investigation. Epstein 
further asserts and certifies that he understands that 
the Fifth Amendment and Rule 7(a) of the Federal 
Rules of Criminal Procedure provide that all felonies 
must be charged in an indictment presented to a grand 
jury. Epstein hereby agrees and consents that, if a 
prosecution against him is instituted for any offense 
that was the subject of the grand jury’s investigation, 
it may be by way of an Information signed and filed by 
the United States Attorney, and hereby waives his 
right to be indicted by a grand jury as to any such offense. 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and 
certifies that the above has been read and explained to 
him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the 
conditions of this Non-Prosecution Agreement and 
agrees to comply with them. 

33a 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA  
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated:  
By:  
A. MARIE VILLAFAÑA 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
Dated: 9/24/07 
/s/ Jeffrey Epstein 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated:  
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated:  
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and 
certifies that the above has been read and explained to 
him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the 
conditions of this Non-Prosecution Agreement and 
agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA  
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: 9/27/07 
By: /s/ A. Marie Villafaña 
A. MARIE VILLAFAÑA 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 

34a 
Dated:  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated: 9/24/07 
/s/ Gerald Lefcourt 
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated:  
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN  
By signing this agreement, Epstein asserts and 
certifies that the above has been read and explained to 
him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the 
conditions of this Non-Prosecution Agreement and 
agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA  
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated:  
By:  
A. MARIE VILLAFAÑA 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
Dated:  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated:  
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated: 9-24-07 
/s/ Lilly Ann Sanchez  
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 

35a 
IN RE: INVESTIGATION OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
ADDENDUM TO THE 
NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT 
IT APPEARING that the parties seek to clarify 
certain provisions of page 4, paragraph 7 of the Non-
Prosecution Agreement (hereinafter “paragraph 7”), 
that agreement is modified as follows: 
7A. The United States has the right to assign to an 
independent third-party the responsibility for 
consulting with and, subject to the good faith 
approval of Epstein’s counsel, selecting the 
attorney representative for the individuals 
identified underthe Agreement. If the United 
States elects to assign this responsibility to an 
independent third-patty, both the United States 
and Epstein retain the right to make good faith 
objections to the attorney representative sug-
gested by the independent third-party prior to 
the final designation of the attorney representa-
tive. 
7B. The parties will jointly prepare a short written 
submission to the independent third-party 
regarding the role of the attorney representa-
tive and regarding Epstein’s Agreement to pay 
such attorney representative his or her regular 
customary hourly rate for representing such 
victims subject to the provisions of paragraph C, 
infra. 
7C. Pursuant to additional paragraph 7A, Epstein 
has agreed to pay the fees of the attorney 
representative selected by the independent 
third party. This provision, however, shall not 
obligate Epstein to pay the fees and costs of 
contested litigation filed against him. Thus, if 

36a 
after consideration of potential settlements, an 
attorney representative elects to file a contested 
lawsuit pursuant to 18 U,S.C. s 2255 or elects to 
pursue any other contested remedy, the para-
graph 7 obligation of the Agreement to pay the 
costs of the attorney representative, as opposed 
to any statutory or other obligations to pay 
reasonable attorneys fees and costs such as 
those contained in s 2255 to bear the costs of the 
attorney representative, shall cease. 
By signing this Addendum, Epstein asserts and 
certifies that the above has been read and explained to 
him. Epstein hereby, states that he understands the 
clarifications to the Non-Prosecution Agreement and 
agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA  
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: 10/30/07 
By: /s/ [Illegible] 
for A. MARIE VILLAFAÑA 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
Dated: 10/29/07 
/s/ Jeffrey Epstein 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated:  
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated:  
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 

37a 
By signing this Addendum, Epstein asserts and 
certifies that the above has been read and explained to 
him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the 
clarifications to the Non-Prosecution Agreement and 
agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA  
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: 10/30/07 
By: /s/ [Illegible] 
for A. MARIE VILLAFAÑA 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
Dated:  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated: 10/29/07 
/s/ Gerald Lefcourt 
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated:  
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
By signing this Addendum, Epstein asserts and 
certifies that the above has been read and explained to 
him. Epstein hereby states that he understands the 
clarifications to the Non-Prosecution Agreement and 
agrees to comply with them. 
R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA  
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
Dated: 10/30/07 

38a 
By: /s/ [Illegible] 
for A. MARIE VILLAFAÑA 
ASSISTANT U.S. ATTORNEY 
Dated:  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated:  
GERALD LEFCOURT, ESQ. 
COUNSEL TO JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Dated: 10-29-07 
/s/ Lilly Ann Sanchez 
LILLY ANN SANCHEZ, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN 

39a 
APPENDIX C 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
———— 
Case Number: S2 20 CR 330 (AJN) 
USM Number: 02879-509 
———— 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
v. 
GHISAINE MAXWELL 
———— 
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM 
Defendant’s Attorney 
———— 
JUDGMENT IN A CRIMINAL CASE 
THE DEFENDANT: 
 pleaded guilty to count(s)  
 pleaded nolo contendere to count(s) which was 
accepted by the court.  
 was found guilty on count(s) after a plea of not 
guilty. 1, 3, 4, 5, 6 (judgment not entered on 1 & 5 as 
multiplicitous, Dkt. No. 657)  
The defendant is adjudicated guilty of these offenses: 
Title & Section 
Nature of Offense 
Offense 
Ended 
Count 
USC 371.F 
Conspiracy to transport 
minors with intent to 
engage in criminal sexual 
activity 
7/30/2004 

40a 
The defendant is sentenced as provided in pages 2 
through   8   of this judgment. The sentence is imposed 
pursuant to  the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984. 
 The defendant has been found not guilty on count(s) 2  
 Count(s) 7, 8 and underlying indictments  is  are 
dismissed on the motion of the United States. 
It is ordered that the defendant must notify the 
United States attorney for this district within 30 days 
of any change of name, residence, or mailing address 
until all fines, restitution, costs, and special assess-
ments imposed by this judgment are fully paid. If 
ordered to pay restitution, the defendant must notify 
the court and United States attorney of material 
changes in economic circumstances. 
6/29/2022 
Date of Imposition of Judgment 
/s/ Alison J. Nathan 
Signature of Judge 
ALISON J. NATHAN, US Circuit 
Judge sitting by designation 
Name and Title of Judge 
6/29/2022 
Date 
ADDITIONAL COUNTS OF CONVICTION 
Title & 
Section 
Nature of Offense 
Offense 
Ended 
Count 
USC 
2423.F 
Transportation of a minor 
with intent to engage in 
criminal sexual activity 
12/31/1997 
USC 
1591.F 
Sex 
trafficking 
of 
an 
individual under the age 
of eighteen 
7/30/2004 

41a 
IMPRISONMENT 
The defendant is hereby committed to the custody of 
the Federal Bureau of Prisons to be imprisoned for a 
total term of: 
The Defendant is sentenced to a term of 240 Months. 
Count 3 a sentence of 60 Months. Count 4 a sentence 
of 120 Months. Count 6 a sentence of 240 Months. All 
Counts to run concurrently. 
Defendant was notified of her right to Appeal. 
 The court makes the following recommendations 
to the Bureau of Prisons: 
Defendant to be considered for designation to FCI 
Danbury.  
Defendant to be considered for enrollment in FIT 
program. 
 The defendant is remanded to the custody of the 
United States Marshal. 
 The defendant shall surrender to the United 
States Marshal for this district: 
 at  
  a.m.  
  p.m. on   
.  
 as notified by the United States Marshal. 
  The defendant shall surrender for service of 
sentence at the institution designated by the 
Bureau of Prisons: 
 before 2 p.m. on  
.  
 as notified by the United States Marshal. 
 as notified by the Probation or Pretrial Services 
Office. 

42a 
RETURN 
I have executed this judgment as follows: 
Defendant delivered on ____________ to  
 at 
, with a certified copy of this judgment. 
United States Marshal 
By  
Deputy United States Marshal 
SUPERVISED RELEASE 
Upon release from imprisonment, you will be on 
supervised release for a term of:  
Years on Counts 3 and 4. 5 Years on Count 6 to run 
concurrently. 
MANDATORY CONDITIONS 
1. You must not commit another federal, state or local 
crime. 
2. You must not unlawfully possess a controlled 
substance. 
3. You must refrain from any unlawful use of a 
controlled substance. You must submit to one drug 
test within 15 days of release from imprisonment 
and at least two periodic drug tests thereafter, as 
determined by the court. 
 The above drug testing condition is suspended, 
based on the court's determination that you 
pose a low risk of future substance abuse. 
(check if applicable) 
4.  You must make restitution in accordance with 18 
U.S.C. §§ 3663 and 3663A or any other statute 

43a 
authorizing a sentence of restitution. (check if 
applicable) 
5.  You must cooperate in the collection of DNA as 
directed by the probation officer. (check if applicable)  
6.  You must comply with the requirements of the 
Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (34 
U.S.C. § 20901, et seq.) as directed by the probation 
officer, the Bureau of Prisons, or any state sex 
offender registration agency in the location where 
you reside, work, are a student, or were convicted 
of a qualifying offense. (check if applicable) 
7.  You must participate in an approved program for 
domestic violence. (check if applicable) 
You must comply with the standard conditions that 
have been adopted by this court as well as with any 
other conditions on the attached page. 
STANDARD CONDITIONS OF SUPERVISION 
As part of your supervised release, you must comply 
with the following standard conditions of supervision. 
These conditions are imposed because they establish 
the basic expectations for your behavior while on 
supervision and identify the minimum tools needed by 
probation officers to keep informed, report to the court 
about, and bring about improvements in your conduct 
and condition. 
1. You must report to the probation office in the 
federal judicial district where you are authorized to 
reside within 72 hours of your release from impris-
onment, unless the probation officer instructs you 
to report to a different probation office or within a 
different time frame. 
2. After initially reporting to the probation office, you 
will receive instructions from the court or the 

44a 
probation officer about how and when you must 
report to the probation officer, and you must report 
to the probation officer as instructed. 
3. You must not knowingly leave the federal judicial 
district where you are authorized to reside without 
first getting permission from the court or the 
probation officer. 
4. You must answer truthfully the questions asked by 
your probation officer. 
5. You must live at a place approved by the probation 
officer. If you plan to change where you live or 
anything about your living arrangements (such as 
the people you live with), you must notify the 
probation officer at least 10 days before the change. 
If notifying the probation officer in advance is not 
possible due to unanticipated circumstances, you 
must notify the probation officer within 72 hours of 
becoming aware of a change or expected change. 
6. You must allow the probation officer to visit you at 
any time at your home or elsewhere, and you must 
permit the probation officer to take any items 
prohibited by the conditions of your supervision 
that he or she observes in plain view. 
7. You must work full time (at least 30 hours per 
week) at a lawful type of employment, unless the 
probation officer excuses you from doing so. If you 
do not have full-time employment you must try to 
find full-time employment, unless the probation 
officer excuses you from doing so. If you plan to 
change where you work or anything about your 
work (such as your position or your job responsibili-
ties), you must notify the probation officer at 
least 10 days before the change. If notifying the 
probation officer at least 10 days in advance is not 

45a 
possible due to unanticipated circumstances, you 
must notify the probation officer within 72 hours of 
becoming aware of a change or expected change. 
8. You must not communicate or interact with some-
one you know is engaged in criminal activity. If you 
know someone has been convicted of a felony, you 
must not knowingly communicate or interact with 
that person without first getting the permission of the 
probation officer. 
9. If you are arrested or questioned by a law 
enforcement officer, you must notify the probation 
officer within 72 hours. 
10. You must not own, possess, or have access to a 
firearm, ammunition, destructive device, or dan-
gerous weapon (i.e., anything that was designed, 
or was modified for, the specific purpose of causing 
bodily injury or death to another person such as 
nunchakus or tasers). 
11. You must not act or make any agreement with a 
law enforcement agency to act as a confidential 
human source or informant without first getting 
the permission of the court. 
12. You must follow the instructions of the probation 
officer related to the conditions of supervision. 
U.S. Probation Office Use Only 
A U.S. probation officer has instructed me on the 
conditions specified by the court and has provided me 
with a written copy of this judgment containing these 
conditions. For further information regarding these 
conditions, see Overview of Probation and Supervised 
Release Conditions, available at: www.uscourts.gov. 
Defendant’s Signature ________________ Date  

46a 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF SUPERVISION 
You shall submit your person, and any property, 
residence, vehicle, papers, computer, other electronic 
communication, data storage devices, cloud storage or 
media, and effects to a search by any United States 
Probation Officer, and if needed, with the assistance of 
any law enforcement. The search is to be conducted 
when there is reasonable suspicion concerning vio-
lation of a condition of supervision or unlawful conduct 
by the person being supervised. Failure to submit to a 
search may be grounds for revocation of release. You 
shall warn any other occupants that the premises may 
be subject to searches pursuant to this condition. Any 
search shall be conducted at a reasonable time and in 
a reasonable manner. 
You shall undergo a sex-offense-specific evaluation and 
participate in an outpatient sex offender treatment 
and/or outpatient mental health treatment program 
approved by the U.S. Probation Office. You shall abide 
by all rules, requirements, and conditions of the sex 
offender treatment program(s), including submission 
to polygraph testing and refraining from accessing 
websites, chatrooms, instant messaging, or social 
networking sites to the extent that the sex offender 
treatment and/or mental health treatment program 
determines that such access would be detrimental to 
your ongoing treatment. You will not view, access, 
possess, and/or download any pornography involving 
adults unless approved by the sex-offender specific 
treatment provider. You must waive your right of 
confidentiality in any records for mental health assess-
ment and treatment imposed as a consequence of 
this judgment to allow the U.S. Probation Office to 
review the course of treatment and progress with the 
treatment provider. You must contribute to the cost of 

47a 
services rendered based on your ability to pay and the 
availability of third-party payments. The Court author-
izes the release of available psychological and psychi-
atric evaluations and reports, including the presentence 
investigation report, to the sex offender treatment 
provider and/or mental health treatment provider. 
You must not have contact with the victim(s) in this 
case. This includes any physical, visual, written, or 
telephonic contact with such persons. Additionally, you 
must not directly cause or encourage anyone else to 
have such contact with the victim (s). 
You must not have deliberate contact with any child 
under 18 years of age, unless approved by the U.S. 
Probation Office. You must not loiter within 100 feet of 
places regularly frequented by children under the age 
of 18, such as schoolyards, playgrounds, and arcades. 
You must not view and/or access any web profile of 
users under the age of 18. This includes, but is not 
limited to, social networking websites, community 
portals, chat rooms or other online environment 
(audio/visual/messaging), etc. which allows for real 
time interaction with other users, without prior 
approval from your probation officer. 
You must provide the probation officer with access to 
any requested financial information. 
You must not incur new credit charges or open 
additional lines of credit without the approval of the 
probation officer unless you are in compliance with the 
installment payment schedule. 
If you are sentenced to any period of supervision, it is 
recommended that you be supervised by the district of 
residence. 

48a 
CRIMINAL MONETARY PENALTIES 
The defendant must pay the total criminal monetary 
penalties under the schedule of payments on Sheet 6. 
TOTALS: 
Assessment                Restitution               Fine__         
$300.00                             $                                         $750,000.00 
AVAA Assessment*                       JVTA Assessment** 
$                                                     $ 
 The determination of restitution is deferred until 
_______. An Amended Judgment in a Criminal  
Case (AO 245C) will be entered after such 
determination. 
 The defendant must make restitution (including 
community restitution) to the following payees in 
the amount listed below. 
If the defendant makes a partial payment, each 
payee shall receive an approximately proportioned 
payment, unless specified otherwise in the priority 
order or percentage payment column below. How-
ever, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 3664(i), all nonfederal 
victims must be paid before the United States is 
paid. 
Name of Payee Total Loss*** 
Restitution 
Ordered 
Priority or 
Percentage 
TOTALS 
$ 0.00  
$ 0.00  
 Restitution amount ordered pursuant to plea 
agreement $  
 The defendant must pay interest on restitution and 
a fine of more than $2,500, unless the restitution or 
fine is paid in full before the fifteenth day after  

49a 
the date of the judgment, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  
§ 3612(f). All of the payment options on Sheet 6 may 
be subject to penalties for delinquency and default, 
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 3612(g). 
 The court determined that the defendant does not 
have the ability to pay interest and it is ordered 
that: 
 the interest requirement is waived for the  
 fine  restitution. 
 the interest requirement for the  fine  
 restitution is modified as follows: 
* Amy, Vicky, and Andy Child Pornography Victim 
Assistance Act of 2018, Pub. L. No. 115-299. 
** Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, Pub. 
L. No. 114-22. 
*** Findings for the total amount of losses are 
required under Chapters 109A, 110, 110A, and 113A of 
Title 18 for offenses committed on or after September 
13, 1994, but before April 23, 1996. 
SCHEDULE OF PAYMENTS 
Having assessed the defendant’s ability to pay, 
payment of the total criminal monetary penalties is 
due as follows: 
A  Lump sum payment of $ 300.00 due immediately, 
balance due 
 not later than  
, or 
 in accordance with  C,  D,  E, or  F below; 
or 
B  Payment to begin immediately (may be combined 
with  C,  D, or  F below); or 

50a 
C  Payment in equal ____ (e.g., weekly, monthly, 
quarterly) installments of $ _____ over a period of 
______ (e.g., months or years), to commence _____ 
(e.g., 30 or 60 days) after the date of this judgment; 
or 
D  Payment in equal _____ (e.g., weekly, monthly, 
quarterly) installments of $ ____ over a period of 
_______ (e.g., months or years), to commence ______ 
(e.g., 30 or 60 days) after release from imprison-
ment to a term of supervision; or 
E  Payment during the term of supervised release 
will commence within 30 (e.g., 30 or 60 days) after 
release from imprisonment. The court will set the 
payment plan based on an assessment of the 
defendant’s ability to pay at that time; or 
F  Special instructions regarding the payment of 
criminal monetary penalties: 
Unless the court has expressly ordered otherwise, if 
this judgment imposes imprisonment, payment of 
criminal monetary penalties is due during the period 
of imprisonment. All criminal monetary penalties, 
except those payments made through the Federal 
Bureau of Prisons’ Inmate Financial Responsibility 
Program, are made to the clerk of the court. 
The defendant shall receive credit for all payments 
previously made toward any criminal monetary 
penalties imposed. 
--

51a 
 Joint and Several  
Case Number 
Defendant and Co-Defendant Names 
(including defendant number) 
Total Amount 
Joint and Several Amount 
Corresponding Payee, if appropriate 
 The defendant shall pay the cost of prosecution. 
 The defendant shall pay the following court cost(s): 
 The defendant shall forfeit the defendant’s interest 
in the following property to the United States: 
Payments shall be applied in the following order:  
(1) assessment, (2) restitution principal, (3) restitution 
interest, (4) AVAA assessment, (5) fine principal,  
(6) fine interest, (7) community restitution, (8) JVTA 
assessment, (9) penalties, and (10) costs, including cost 
of prosecution and court costs. 

52a 
APPENDIX D 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT  
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
———— 
20-cr-330 (AJN) 
———— 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
–v– 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
———— 
OPINION & ORDER 
ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: 
In June 2020, a grand jury returned a six-count 
indictment charging Ghislaine Maxwell with facilitating 
the late financier Jeffrey Epstein’s sexual abuse of 
minor victims from around 1994 to 1997. The Govern-
ment filed a first (S1) superseding indictment shortly 
thereafter, which contained only small, ministerial 
corrections. The S1 superseding indictment included 
two counts of enticement or transportation of minors 
to engage in illegal sex acts in violation of the Mann 
Act and two counts of conspiracy to commit those 
offenses. It also included two counts of perjury in 
connection with Maxwell’s testimony in a civil deposi-
tion. Trial is set to begin on July 12, 2021. 
Maxwell filed twelve pretrial motions seeking to 
dismiss portions of the S1 superseding indictment, 
suppress evidence, and compel discovery. After the 
parties fully briefed those motions, a grand jury 
returned a second (S2) superseding indictment adding 

53a 
a sex trafficking count and another related conspiracy 
count. 
This Opinion resolves all of Maxwell’s currently 
pending pretrial motions other than those seeking to 
suppress evidence, which the Court will resolve in due 
course. The motions, and this Opinion, deal exclusively 
with the S1 superseding indictment and do not resolve 
any issues related to the newly added sex trafficking 
charges. For the reasons that follow, the Court denies 
Maxwell’s motions to dismiss the S1 superseding 
indictment in whole or in part. It grants her motion to 
sever the perjury charges for a separate trial. It denies 
her motion to further expedite discovery. 
The Court provides a brief summary of its con-
clusions here and its reasoning on the pages that 
follow: 
• Maxwell moves to dismiss all counts based on a 
non-prosecution agreement between Jeffrey 
Epstein and the U.S. Attorney for the Southern 
District of Florida. The Court concludes that the 
agreement does not apply in this District or to 
the charged offenses. 
• Maxwell moves to dismiss all counts as un-
timely. The Court concludes that the Govern-
ment brought the charges within the statute 
of limitations and did not unfairly delay in 
bringing them. 
• Maxwell moves to dismiss the Mann Act counts 
because they are too vague, or in the alternative 
to require the Government to describe the 
charges in greater detail. The Court concludes 
that the charges are specific enough. 

54a 
• Maxwell moves to dismiss the perjury counts 
because, in her view, her testimony responded to 
ambiguous questioning and was not material. 
The Court concludes that these issues are best 
left for the jury. 
• Maxwell moves to sever the perjury counts from 
the Mann Act counts so that they can proceed 
in a separate trial. The Court concludes that 
severance is appropriate and will try the 
perjury counts separately. 
• Maxwell moves to strike language from the 
indictment that she believes is superfluous and 
to dismiss conspiracy counts she believes are 
redundant. The Court concludes that these 
motions are premature before trial. 
• Maxwell moves to compel the Government to 
immediately disclose certain categories of 
evidence. The Court concludes that she is not 
entitled to do so, but the Court will order 
Maxwell and the Government to confer on a 
discovery schedule. 
• Maxwell moves to dismiss all counts because 
a grand jury in White Plains, rather than 
Manhattan, returned the S1 superseding 
indictment. Because a jury in Manhattan 
returned the S2 superseding indictment, the 
motion appears moot. 
I. Jeffrey Epstein’s non-prosecution agreement 
does not bar this prosecution 
In September 2007, under investigation by both 
federal and state authorities, Jeffrey Epstein entered 
into a non-prosecution agreement (“NPA”) with the 
Office of the United States Attorney for the Southern 

55a 
District of Florida. Dkt. No. 142 at 1-2. Epstein agreed 
in the NPA to plead guilty in Florida state court to 
soliciting minors for prostitution and to serve eighteen 
months in a county jail. Id. In exchange, the U.S. 
Attorney’s Office agreed not to charge him with federal 
crimes in the Southern District of Florida stemming 
from its investigation of his conduct between 2001 and 
2007. Id. It also agreed not to bring criminal charges 
against any of his “potential co-conspirators.” Id. 
As a recent report from the Department of Justice’s 
Office of Professional Responsibility observed, the 
NPA was unusual in many respects, including its 
breadth, leniency, and secrecy. OPR Report, Gov. Ex. 3, 
Dkt. No. 204-3, at x, 80, 175, 179, 260–61. The U.S. 
Attorney’s promise not to prosecute unidentified co-
conspirators marks a stark departure from normal 
practice for federal plea agreements. This provision 
appears to have been added “with little discussion or 
consideration by the prosecutors.” Id. at 169, 185. The 
report concluded that the U.S. Attorney’s negotiation 
and approval of the NPA did not amount to 
professional misconduct, but nonetheless reflected 
“poor judgment.” Id. at 169. 
Only the NPA’s effect, and not its wisdom, is 
presently before the Court. Maxwell contends that the 
NPA bars this prosecution, because she is charged as 
a co-conspirator of Jeffrey Epstein and the NPA’s 
co-conspirator provision lacks any geographical or 
temporal limitations. The Court disagrees for two 
independent reasons. First, under controlling Second 
Circuit precedent, the NPA does not bind the U.S. 
Attorney for the Southern District of New York. 
Second, it does not cover the offenses charged in the S1 
superseding indictment. 

56a 
A. The non-prosecution agreement does not 
bind the U.S. Attorney for the Southern 
District of New York 
United States Attorneys speak for the United 
States. When a U.S. Attorney makes a promise as part 
of a plea bargain, both contract principles and due 
process require the federal government to fulfill it. See 
Santobello v. New York, 404 U.S. 257, 262 (1971); 
United States v. Ready, 82 F.3d 551, 558 (2d Cir. 1996). 
The question here is not whether the U.S. Attorney for 
the Southern District of Florida had the power to 
bind the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of 
New York. The question is whether the terms of the 
NPA did so. Applying Second Circuit precedent and 
principles of contract interpretation, the Court 
concludes that they did not. 
In United States v. Annabi, the Second Circuit held: 
“A plea agreement binds only the office of the United 
States Attorney for the district in which the plea is 
entered unless it affirmatively appears that the 
agreement contemplates a broader restriction.” 771 
F.2d 670, 672 (2d Cir. 1985) (per curiam). This is 
something akin to a clear statement rule. Single-
district plea agreements are the norm. Nationwide, 
unlimited agreements are the rare exception. Applying 
Annabi, panels of the Second Circuit have stated that 
courts cannot infer intent to depart from this ordinary 
practice from an agreement’s use of phrases like “the 
government” or “the United States.” United States v. 
Salameh, 152 F.3d 88, 120 (2d Cir. 1998) (per curiam); 
United States v. Gonzalez, 93 F. App’x 268, 270 (2d Cir. 
2004). Those are common shorthand. A plea agreement 
need not painstakingly spell out “the Office of the 
United States Attorney for Such-and-Such District” in 

57a 
every instance to make clear that it applies only in the 
district where signed. 
Maxwell asks this Court to draw the opposite 
conclusion. The provision of the NPA dealing with  
co-conspirators does not expressly state that it binds 
U.S. Attorneys in other districts. It does not expressly 
state that it applies in other districts. The relevant 
language, in its entirety, reads as follows: “the United 
States also agrees that it will not institute any crimi-
nal charges against any potential co-conspirators of 
Epstein.” Dkt. No. 142-1 at 5. Under Annabi, Salameh, 
and Gonzalez, a statement that “the United States” 
agrees not to prosecute implies no restriction on 
prosecutions in other districts. 
Two provisions of the NPA refer specifically to 
prosecution in the Southern District of Florida. The 
first states that the U.S. Attorney for the Southern 
District of Florida will defer “prosecution in this 
District” if Epstein complies with the agreement. Dkt. 
No. 142-1 at 2. The second states that no prosecution 
“will be instituted in this District, and the charges 
against Epstein if any, will be dismissed” after he 
fulfills the agreement’s conditions. Maxwell contends 
that the lack of similar language in the co-conspirator 
provision must mean that it lacks any geographical 
limitation. If anything, that language reflects that the 
NPA’s scope was expressly limited to the Southern 
District of Florida. It is not plausible—let alone 
“affirmatively apparent”, Annabi, 771 F.2d at 672,—
that the parties intended to drastically expand the 
agreement’s geographic scope in the single sentence on 
the prosecution of co-conspirators without clearly so 
saying. 
Without an affirmative statement in the NPA’s text, 
Maxwell turns to its negotiation history. Under Second 

58a 
Circuit precedent she may offer evidence that negotia-
tions of the NPA between the defendant and the 
prosecutors included a promise to bind other districts. 
See United States v. Russo, 801 F.2d 624, 626 (2d Cir. 
1986). She alleges that officials in the U.S. Attorney’s 
Office for the Southern District of Florida sought and 
obtained approval for the NPA from the Office of the 
Deputy Attorney General and communicated with 
attorneys in other districts. Any involvement of attorneys 
outside the Southern District of Florida appears 
to have been minimal. Maxwell has already received 
access to an unusually large amount of information 
about the NPA’s negotiation history in the form of the 
OPR report and yet identifies no evidence that the 
Department of Justice made any promises not contained 
in the NPA. The OPR report reflects that the Office of 
the Deputy Attorney General reviewed the NPA, but 
only after it was signed when Epstein tried to get out 
of it. OPR Report at 103. Other documents show that 
attorneys in the Southern District of Florida reached 
out to other districts for investigatory assistance but 
not for help negotiating the NPA. Dkt. No. 204-2. Nor 
would direct approval of the NPA by the Office of the 
Deputy Attorney General change the meaning of its 
terms. No evidence suggests anyone promised Epstein 
that the NPA would bar the prosecution of his co-
conspirators in other districts. Absent such a promise, 
it does not matter who did or did not approve it. 
Second Circuit precedent creates a strong presumption 
that a plea agreement binds only the U.S. Attorney’s 
office for the district where it was signed. Maxwell 
identifies nothing in the NPA’s text or negotiation 
history to disturb this presumption. The Court thus 
concludes that the NPA does not bind the U.S. 
Attorney for the Southern District of New York. 

59a 
B. The non-prosecution agreement does not 
cover the charged offenses 
The NPA would provide Maxwell no defense to the 
charges in the S1 superseding indictment even against 
an office bound to follow it. The NPA bars prosecution, 
following Epstein’s fulfillment of its conditions, only 
for three specific categories of offenses: 
(1) “the offenses set out on pages 1 and 2” of 
the NPA; namely, “any offenses that may 
have been committed by Epstein against 
the United States from in or around 2001 
through in or around September 2007” 
including five enumerated offenses; 
(2) “any other offenses that have been the 
subject of the joint investigation by the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation and the 
United States Attorney’s Office”; and 
(3) “any offenses that arose from the Federal 
Grand Jury investigation.” 6 
Dkt. No. 142-1 at 2. The NPA makes clear that the 
covered charges are those relating to and deriving 
from a specific investigation of conduct that occurred 
between 2001 and 2007. 
Maxwell contends that the NPA’s co-conspirator 
provision lacks any limitation on the offenses covered. 
The Court disagrees with this improbable interpretation. 
The phrase “potential co-conspirator” means nothing 
without answering the question “co-conspirator in 
what?” The most natural reading of the co-conspirator 
provision is that it covers those who conspired with 
Epstein in the offenses covered by the NPA for their 
involvement in those offenses. Thus, it would cover any 
involvement of Maxwell in offenses committed by 

60a 
Epstein from 2001 to 2007, other offenses that were 
the subject of the FBI and U.S. Attorney’s Office 
investigation, and any offenses that arose from the 
related grand jury investigation. 
The Court has no trouble concluding that the 
perjury counts are not covered by the NPA. Those 
charges do not relate to conduct in which Maxwell 
conspired with Epstein and stem from depositions in 
2016, more than eight years after Epstein signed the 
NPA. Maxwell now concedes as much, though her 
motion sought to dismiss the S1 superseding indictment 
in its entirety, perjury counts and all. 
The Mann Act counts, too, fall comfortably outside 
the NPA’s scope. The S1 superseding indictment 
charges conduct occurring exclusively between 1994 
and 1997, some four years before the period covered by 
the Southern District of Florida investigation and the 
NPA. The NPA does not purport to immunize Epstein 
from liability for crimes committed before the period 
that was the subject of the FBI and U.S. Attorney’s 
Office investigation. Maxwell’s protection is no 
broader. The Court thus concludes that the NPA does 
not cover the offenses charged in the S1 superseding 
indictment. 
C. Maxwell is not entitled to an evidentiary 
hearing 
In the alternative to dismissing the indictment, 
Maxwell requests that the Court conduct an eviden-
tiary hearing as to the parties’ intent in the NPA. The 
Court finds no basis to do so. 
The cases Maxwell cites where courts held hearings 
on the scope of a plea agreement mostly involved oral 
agreements where there was no written record of the 
full set of terms reached by the parties. All of them 

61a 
involved defendants with first-hand knowledge of 
negotiations who claimed prosecutors breached an 
oral promise. “An oral agreement greatly increases the 
potential for disputes such as . . . a failure to agree on 
the existence, let alone the terms, of the deal.” United 
States v. Aleman, 286 F.3d 86, 90 (2d Cir. 2002). Thus, 
an evidentiary hearing may be necessary to determine 
the terms of an agreement never committed to writing. 
This is no such case. The NPA’s terms are clear. Beyond 
the NPA itself, an extensive OPR report details its 
negotiation history. No record evidence suggests that 
prosecutors promised Epstein anything beyond what 
was spelled out in writing. The Court agrees with the 
Government that Maxwell’s request for a hearing rests 
on mere conjecture. 
For the same reason, the Court will not order the 
discovery on the NPA. In any case, it appears that 
the Government has already produced two of the 
documents Maxwell seeks in her motion—the OPR 
report and notes mentioned in a privilege log. Of 
course, the Government’s disclosure obligations would 
require it to disclose to Maxwell any exculpatory evi-
dence or evidence material to preparing the defense, 
including any evidence supporting a defense under the 
NPA. The Government shall confirm in writing within 
one week whether it views any evidence supporting 
Maxwell’s interpretation of the NPA as material it is 
required to disclose, and, if so, whether it has disclosed 
any and all such evidence in its possession. 

62a 
II. The indictment is timely 
A. The indictment complies with the statute of 
limitations 
Federal law imposes a five-year limitations period 
for most non-capital offenses. 18 U.S.C. § 3282(a). 
Recognizing the difficulty of promptly prosecuting 
crimes against children, Congress has provided a 
longer limitations period for “offense[s] involving the 
sexual or physical abuse, or kidnaping” of a minor. 18 
U.S.C. § 3283. Until 2003, the operative version of  
§ 3283 allowed prosecution of these offenses until the 
victim reached the age of twenty-five. Congress further 
extended the limitations period in the PROTECT Act 
of 2003, Pub. L. No. 108 21, 117 Stat. 650, to allow 
prosecution any time during the life of the victim. 
The parties agree that the Mann Act charges are 
timely if subject to the PROTECT Act, but untimely 
under the general statute of limitations for non-capital 
offenses or the pre-2003 version of § 3283. Maxwell 
contends that the charged offenses do not qualify as 
offenses involving the sexual or physical abuse or 
kidnapping of a minor and are thus governed by the 
general statute of limitations. Alternatively, she 
contends that the pre-2003 version of § 3283 applies 
because the charged conduct occurred prior to 2003. 
The Court concludes that statute of limitations in the 
PROTECT Act applies and that the charges are timely. 
1. The Mann Act charges are offenses 
involving the sexual abuse of minors 
Maxwell does not dispute that the facts alleged in 
the S1 superseding indictment involve the sexual 
abuse of minors. The indictment charges that Epstein 
sexually abused each of the alleged minor victims and 
that Maxwell allegedly enticed them to travel or 

63a 
transported them for that purpose. Instead, Maxwell 
contends that charged offenses do not qualify as 
offenses involving the sexual abuse of minors because 
sexual abuse is not an essential ingredient of each 
statutory offense. See Bridges v. United States, 346 
U.S. 209, 221 (1953). In Maxwell’s view, for example, it 
is possible to transport a minor with intent to engage 
in criminal sexual activity and not follow through with 
the planned sexual abuse, and so sexual abuse is not 
an essential ingredient of the offense. Maxwell makes 
the same argument for the enticement and related 
conspiracy charges. 
This approach is analogous to the “categorical 
approach” employed by courts to evaluate prior con-
victions for immigration and sentencing purposes. See 
Taylor v. United States, 495 U.S. 575, 602 (1990). 
Generally speaking, the “categorical approach” requires 
that courts “look only to the statutory definitions—i.e., 
the elements” of the relevant offense to determine if 
the provision applies “and not to the particular facts 
underlying those convictions.” Descamps v. United 
States, 570 U.S. 254, 261 (2013) (internal quotation 
marks omitted). Whether a statute requires a categori-
cal or case-specific approach is a question of statutory 
interpretation. To determine whether Congress used 
the word “offense” in a statute to refer to an offense in 
the abstract or to the facts of each individual case, the 
Court must examine the statute’s “text, context, and 
history.” United States v. Davis, 139 S. Ct. 2319, 2327 
(2019). 
Though it has not authoritatively settled the ques-
tion, the Second Circuit has strongly suggested that 
Maxwell’s approach is the wrong one. In Weingarten v. 
United States, 865 F.3d 48, 58–60 (2d Cir. 2017), the 
Second Circuit discussed at length how the text, 

64a 
context, and history of § 3283 show that Congress 
intended courts to apply the statute using a case-
specific approach. The Third Circuit reached the same 
conclusion in United States v. Schneider, 801 F.3d 186, 
196 (3d Cir. 2015). 
The Court sees no reason to depart from the 
reasoning in Weingarten. First, “[t]he Supreme Court’s 
modern categorical approach jurisprudence is confined 
to the post-conviction contexts of criminal sentencing 
and immigration deportation cases.” Weingarten, 865 
F.3d at 58. To the extent that the categorical approach 
is ever appropriate in other contexts, it is in-
appropriate here. 
The Court begins with the statute’s text. Statutes 
that call for application of the categorical approach 
typically deal with the elements of an offense in a prior 
criminal conviction. Id. at 59. “The language of § 3283, 
by contrast, reaches beyond the offense and its legal 
elements to the conduct ‘involv[ed]’ in the offense. That 
linguistic expansion indicates Congress intended courts to 
look beyond the bare legal charges in deciding whether 
§ 3283 applied.” Id. at 59–60 (alteration in original) 
(quoting § 3283). Maxwell cites one case holding 
otherwise, but that case involved a venue statute 
presenting significantly different concerns. See United 
States v. Morgan, 393 F.3d 192, 200 (D.C. Cir. 2004). 
The Supreme Court has likewise held that a statute 
which uses the language “an offense that . . . involves 
fraud or deceit in which the loss to the victim or 
victims exceeds $10,000” is “consistent with a 
circumstance-specific approach.” Nijhawan v. Holder, 
557 U.S. 29, 32, 38 (2009) (emphasis added). Thus, the 
word “involves” generally means that courts should 
look to the circumstances of an offense as committed 
in each case. This reading accords with a robust 

65a 
legislative history indicating that Congress intended 
to apply § 3283 to a wide range of crimes against 
children. See Weingarten, 865 F.3d at 60; Schneider, 
801 F.3d at 196. 
The purposes underlying the categorical approach 
do not apply here either. For statutes dealing with 
prior convictions, “[t]he categorical approach serves 
‘practical’ purposes: It promotes judicial and adminis-
trative efficiency by precluding the relitigation of past 
convictions in minitrials conducted long after the fact.” 
Moncrieffe v. Holder, 569 U.S. 184, 200–01 (2013). In 
the context of § 3283, there is no prior conviction to 
assess, and the jury will determine in the first instance 
whether “the defendant engaged in the applicable 
abusive conduct.” Weingarten, 865 F.3d at 60. Maxwell 
nonetheless contends that using a case-specific 
approach for § 3283 would be impractical because the 
Government would need to prove conduct beyond the 
elements of the offense. It may be true that this 
approach requires the Government to prove some 
additional facts, but any statute-of-limitations defense 
presents factual issues (including, at least, when the 
alleged conduct took place). This is not a serious 
practical problem and does not justify setting aside the 
statute’s language and apparent purpose. 
Maxwell relies primarily on Bridges v. United States, 
346 U.S. 209 (1953), to urge this Court to cast 
Weingarten aside. The Supreme Court in Bridges 
addressed a statute that extended the limitations 
period for defrauding the United States during the 
Second World War. In that case, the Supreme Court 
first concluded that making false statements at an 
immigration hearing was not subject to the extended 
limitations period because it lacked any pecuniary 
element as required by the statute. Id. at 221. Then, as 

66a 
an alternative basis for its holding, it explained that 
the offense did not require fraud as an “essential 
ingredient.” Id. at 222. It reached that conclusion in 
large part because the statute’s legislative history 
made clear that Congress intended it to apply only to 
a narrow class of war frauds causing pecuniary loss. 
Id. at 216. 
As the Second Circuit explained in Weingarten, 
Congress had the opposite intent in the enacting in the 
PROTECT Act. Weingarten, 865 F.3d at 59 & n. 10. “In 
passing recent statutes related to child sex abuse, 
including extensions of the § 3283 limitations period, 
Congress ‘evinced a general intention to “‘cast a wide 
net to ensnare as many offenses against children as 
possible.”’” Id. at 60 (quoting Schneider, 801 F.3d at 
196 (quoting United States v. Dodge, 597 F.3d 1347, 
1355 (11th Cir. 2010) (en banc))). The primary basis for 
Bridges’ holding— legislative history supporting a 
narrow interpretation—does not exist here. Instead, 
both the statute’s plan meaning and its legislative 
history suggest it should apply more broadly. 
Based on the statute’s text, context, and history, 
the Court follows Weingarten and concludes that the 
appropriate inquiry is whether the charged offenses 
involved the sexual abuse of a minor on the facts 
alleged in this case. There is no question that they did. 
The Court thus concludes that § 3283 governs the 
limitations period for the charges here. 
2. The 2003 amendment to the statute of 
limitations applies to these offenses 
Maxwell next contends that because the charged 
conduct took place before the PROTECT Act’s enactment, 
that statute did not lengthen the statute of limitations 
applicable to her alleged offenses. Here too, the Second 

67a 
Circuit has provided guidance in its decision in 
Weingarten. Although the court did not provide a 
definitive answer there, it explained that the view 
Maxwell now takes conflicts with established principles of 
retroactivity and the decisions of at least two other 
circuit courts. Weingarten, 865 F.3d at 58 & n.8; see 
Cruz v. Maypa, 773 F.3d 138, 145 (4th Cir. 2014); 
United States v. Leo Sure Chief, 438 F.3d 920, 924 (9th 
Cir. 2006). 
The Supreme Court has set out a two-step 
framework to determine whether a federal statute 
applies to past conduct. See Landgraf v. USI Film 
Products, 511 U.S. 244, 280 (1994). Courts look first to 
the language of the statute. If the statute states that 
it applies to past conduct, courts must so apply it. 
Weingarten, 865 F.3d at 54. Otherwise, the statute 
applies to past conduct unless doing so would create 
impermissible retroactive effects. Id. 
The Court begins with Landgraf’s first step. To 
assess a statute’s meaning here, courts must consider 
the text of the statute along with other indicia of 
congressional intent, including the statute’s history 
and structure. See Enter. Mortg. Acceptance Co., LLC, 
Sec. Litig. v. Enter. Mortg. Acceptance Co., 391 F.3d 401, 
406 (2d Cir. 2004). 
Section 3283, as amended by the PROTECT Act, 
broadly states that “[n]o statute of limitations that 
would otherwise preclude prosecution for an offense 
involving the sexual or physical abuse, or kidnaping, 
of a child under the age of 18 years shall preclude such 
prosecution during the life of the child.” The statute 
lacks an express retroactivity clause, but courts have 
held that no such clause is necessary, including for this 
particular statute. See Leo Sure Chief, 438 F.3d at 923. 
The statute’s plain language unambiguously requires 

68a 
that it apply to prosecutions for offenses committed 
before the date of enactment. Instead of simply 
providing a new limitations period for future conduct, 
Congress stated that no statute of limitations that 
would otherwise preclude prosecution of these offenses 
will apply. That is, it prevents the application of any 
statute of limitations that would otherwise apply to 
past conduct. 
Courts have reached the same conclusion for other 
statutes employing similar language. The Eighth 
Circuit has held that the 1994 amendments to § 3283, 
which allowed prosecution of sex crimes against 
children until the victim reached age twenty-five, 
applied to past conduct. See United States v. Jeffries, 
405 F.3d 682, 684–85 (8th Cir. 2005). The Second 
Circuit has observed that the Higher Education 
Technical Amendments of 1991, Pub. L. No. 102-26, 
105 Stat. 123, illustrates language that requires a 
statute’s application to past conduct. See Enter. Mortg. 
Acceptance Co., LLC, Sec. Litig., 391 F.3d at 407. That 
statute eliminated the statute of limitations for claims 
on defaulted student loans by stating that “no 
limitation shall terminate the period within which suit 
may be filed.” Id. The PROTECT Act’s language is 
quite similar. 
The history of § 3283 confirms Congress’s intent to 
apply the extended limitations period as broadly as the 
Constitution allows. With each successive amendment 
to the statute, Congress further extended the limitations 
period, recognizing that sex crimes against children 
“may be difficult to detect quickly” because children 
often delay or decline to report sexual abuse. 
Weingarten, 865 F.3d at 54. Congress enacted the 
limitations provision of the PROTECT Act because it 
found the prior statute of limitations was “inadequate 

69a 
in many cases.” H.R. Conf. Rep. No. 108-63, at 54 
(2003). For example, a person who abducted and raped 
a child could not be prosecuted beyond this extended 
limit—even if DNA matching conclusively identified 
him as the perpetrator one day after the victim turned 
25.” Id. 
Maxwell makes no argument based on the statute’s 
text. Instead, she contends that because the House 
version of the bill included an express retroactivity 
provision absent from its final form, the Court should 
infer that Congress did not intend the statute to apply 
to past conduct. However, the legislative history makes 
clear that Congress abandoned the retroactivity 
provision in the House bill only because it would have 
produced unconstitutional results. The Supreme Court 
has explained that a law that revives a time-barred 
prosecution violates the Ex Post Facto Clause of the 
Constitution, but a law that extends an un-expired 
statute of limitations does not. Stogner v. California, 
539 U.S. 607, 632–33 (2003). Senator Leahy, who 
cosponsored the PROTECT Act, expressed concerns in 
a committee report that the proposed retroactivity 
provision was “of doubtful constitutionality” because it 
“would have revived the government’s authority to 
prosecute crimes that were previously time-barred.” 
149 Cong. Rec. S5137, S5147 (Apr. 10, 2003) 
(statement of Sen. Leahy). Congress removed the 
provision shortly thereafter for this reason. The 
removal of the express retroactivity provision shows 
only that Congress intended to limit the PROTECT 
Act to its constitutional applications, including past 
conduct—like Maxwell’s—on which the statute of 
limitations had not yet expired. 
Both the text and history of the PROTECT Act’s 
amendment to § 3283 reflect that it applies Maxwell’s 

70a 
conduct charged in the S1 superseding indictment. 
The Court could stop here. However, it also concludes 
that even if the statute were ambiguous, it would 
properly apply to these charges. 
At Lanfgraf’s second step, the Court asks whether 
application of the statute to past conduct would have 
impermissible retroactive effects. “[A] statute has 
presumptively impermissible retroactive effects when 
it ‘takes away or impairs vested rights acquired under 
existing laws, or creates a new obligation, imposes a 
new duty, or attaches a new disability, in respect to 
transactions or considerations already past.’” Weingarten, 
865 F.3d at 56 (quoting Landgraf, 511 U.S. at 290). 
Thus, applying a new statute of limitations to pre-
viously time-barred claims has an impermissible 
retroactive effect. Enter. Mortg. Acceptance Co., LLC, 
Sec. Litig., 391 F.3d at 407. Applying it to conduct for 
which the statute of limitations has not yet expired 
does not. Vernon v. Cassadaga Valley Cent. Sch. Dist., 
F.3d 886, 890 (2d Cir. 1995). 
Maxwell concedes that these offenses were within 
the statute of limitations when Congress enacted the 
PROTECT Act. Thus, the Act did not deprive her of any 
vested rights. Maxwell contends that it is unfair to 
allow the Government to prosecute her now for 
conduct that occurred more than twenty years ago, but 
there is no dispute that Congress has the power to set 
a lengthy limitations period or no limitations period at 
all. It has done so here, judging that the difficulty of 
prosecuting these offenses and the harm they work on 
children outweighs a defendant’s interest in repose. 
Maxwell’s fairness argument is a gripe with Congress’s 
policy judgment, not an impermissibly retroactive 
application of the statute. The Court concludes that  
§ 3283 allows her prosecution now. 

71a 
B. The Government’s delay in bringing charges 
did not violate due process 
“As the Supreme Court stated in United States v. 
Marion, the statute of limitations is ‘the primary 
guarantee against bringing overly stale criminal 
charges.’” United States v. Cornielle, 171 F.3d 748, 751 
(2d Cir. 1999) (cleaned up) (quoting United States v. 
Marion, 404 U.S. 307, 322 (1971)). There is a strong 
presumption that an indictment filed within the 
statute of limitations is valid. To prevail on a claim 
that pre-indictment delay violates due process, a 
defendant must show both that the Government inten-
tionally delayed bringing charges for an improper 
purpose and that the delay seriously damaged the 
defendant’s ability defend against the charges. See id. 
This is a stringent standard. “Thus, while the 
[Supreme] Court may not have shut the door firmly on 
a contention that at some point the Due Process 
Clause forecloses prosecution of a claim because it is 
too old, at most the door is barely ajar.” DeMichele v. 
Greenburgh Cent. Sch. Dist. No. 7, 167 F.3d 784, 790–
(2d Cir. 1999). 
The Court sees no evidence that the Government’s 
delay in bringing these charges was designed to thwart 
Maxwell’s ability to prepare a defense. However, it is 
enough to say that Maxwell does not make the strong 
showing of prejudice required to support this sort of 
claim. Maxwell contends that the Government’s delay 
in bringing charges has prejudiced her interests 
because potential witnesses have died, others have 
forgotten, and records have been lost or destroyed. It 
is highly speculative that any of these factors would 
make a substantial difference in her case. 
Maxwell first points to several potential witnesses 
who have passed away. These include Jeffrey Epstein 

72a 
and his mother, one individual Maxwell believes 
worked with one of the alleged victims in this case, and 
a police detective who investigated Epstein in Florida. 
She contends they all would have provided exculpatory 
testimony were they alive today. Courts have generally 
found that vague assertions that a deceased witness 
might have provided favorable testimony do not justify 
dismissing an indictment for delay. See, e.g., United 
States v. Scala, 388 F. Supp. 2d 396, 399–400 (S.D.N.Y. 
2005). The Court agrees with this approach. Maxwell 
provides no indication of what many of these potential 
witnesses might have testified to. The testimony she 
suggests the detective might have offered—that 
witnesses in the Palm Beach investigation did not 
identify Maxwell by name—is propensity evidence 
that does nothing to establish her innocence of the 
charged offenses. There are also serious doubts under 
all of the relevant circumstances that a jury would 
have found testimony from Epstein credible even if he 
had waived his right against self-incrimination and 
testified on her behalf. See United States v. Spears, 159 
F.3d 1081, 1085 (7th Cir. 1999). 
Maxwell’s arguments that the indictment should be 
dismissed because of the possibility of missing witnesses, 
failing memories, or lost records fail for similar reasons. 
These are difficulties that arise in any case where 
there is extended delay in bringing a prosecution, and 
they do not justify dismissing an indictment. United 
States v. Marion, 404 U.S. 307, 325–26 (1971); see United 
States v. Elsbery, 602 F.2d 1054, 1059 (2d Cir. 1979). 
Finally, the Court finds no substantial prejudice 
from the pretrial publicity this case has garnered. 
Maxwell contends that lengthy public interest in this 
case has transformed her reputation from that of 
Epstein’s friend to a co-conspirator. And she also 

73a 
alleges—without evidence—that her accusers fabricated 
their stories based on media allegations. The Court 
will not dismiss the indictment on Maxwell’s bare 
assertion that numerous witnesses are engaged in a 
perjurious conspiracy against her. And the Court will 
take all appropriate steps to ensure that the pretrial 
publicity in this case does not compromise Maxwell’s 
right to a fair and impartial jury. 
The Court thus concludes that Maxwell has failed to 
establish actual prejudice from the Government’s 
delay in bringing charges. She may renew her motion 
if the factual record at trial shows otherwise. On the 
present record, neither the applicable statute of 
limitations nor due process bars the charges here. 
III. The indictment describes the charged offenses 
with specificity 
Maxwell seeks to dismiss the Mann Act counts for 
lack of specificity or in the alternative to compel the 
Government to submit a bill of particulars providing 
greater detail of the charges. The Court concludes that 
the charges in the S1 superseding indictment are clear 
enough. 
Under Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 7, an 
indictment must contain “a plain, concise, and definite 
written statement of the essential facts constituting 
the offense charged.” The indictment must be specific 
enough to inform the defendant of the charges and 
allow the defendant to plead double jeopardy in a later 
prosecution based on the same events. United States v. 
Stavroulakis, 952 F.2d 686, 693 (2d Cir. 1992). “Under 
this test, an indictment need do little more than to 
track the language of the statute charged and state the 
time and place (in approximate terms) of the alleged 
crime.” United States. v. Tramunti, 513 F.2d 1087, 1113 

74a 
(2d Cir. 1975). In addition to dismissal, “Rule 7(f) of  
the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure permits a 
defendant to seek a bill of particulars in order to 
identify with sufficient particularity the nature of  
the charge pending against him, thereby enabling 
defendant to prepare for trial, to prevent surprise, and 
to interpose a plea of double jeopardy should he be 
prosecuted a second time for the same offense.” United 
States v. Bortnovsky, 820 F.2d 572, 574 (2d Cir. 1987). 
The S1 superseding indictment sets out the elements of 
each charged crime and the facts supporting each 
element. Nonetheless, Maxwell contends that the 
indictment is too vague because it refers to open-ended 
time periods, describes conduct like “grooming” and 
“befriending” that is not inherently criminal, and does 
not identify the alleged victims by name. 
Maxwell’s 
first 
argument 
fails 
because 
the 
Government need only describe the time and place of 
charged conduct “in approximate terms.” Tramunti, 
513 F.2d at 1113. The details are subject to proof at 
trial. “[T]he Second Circuit routinely upholds the ‘on 
or about’ language used to describe the window of 
when a violation occurred.” United States v. Kidd, 386 
F. Supp. 3d 364, 369 (S.D.N.Y. 2019) (quoting United 
States v. Nersesian, 824 F.2d 1294, 1323 (2d Cir. 1987)). 
“This is especially true in cases of sexual abuse of 
children: allegations of sexual abuse of underage 
victims often proceed without specific dates of the 
offenses.” United States v. Young, No. 08-cr-285 (KMK), 
2008 WL 4178190, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. Sept. 4, 2008) 
(collecting cases). As here, these cases frequently 
involve alleged abuse spanning a lengthy period of 
time, and witnesses who were victimized as children 
may struggle to recall the precise dates when abuse 

75a 
occurred. The indictment adequately describes the 
time and place of the charged conduct. 
Maxwell next contends that allegations of noncriminal 
conduct render the charges impermissibly vague. The 
Court disagrees. Rule 7 requires only that the language of 
the indictment track the language of the statute and 
provide a rough account of the time and place of the 
crime. Tramunti, 513 F.2d at 1113. The language of the 
S1 superseding indictment does so. The Government’s 
decision to provide more details than those strictly 
required does not hamper Maxwell’s ability to prepare 
a defense. Maxwell’s argument that some of the con-
duct alleged is not inherently criminal goes to the 
merits of the Government’s case, not the specificity of 
the charges. 
Finally, Maxwell argues that the indictment is 
vague because the government does not provide the 
names of the alleged victims. The Court sees no basis 
to require that the alleged victims’ names be included 
the indictment. The names of victims, even if important, 
generally need not appear there unless their omission 
would seriously prejudice the defendant. See United 
States v. Stringer, 730 F.3d 120, 127 (2d Cir. 2013); 
United States v. Kidd, 386 F. Supp. 3d 364, 369 
(S.D.N.Y. 2019). Maxwell likely knows the identity of 
the alleged victims described in the indictment at this 
point because the Government has provided extensive 
discovery on them. Moreover, the Government has 
agreed to disclose their names in advance of trial. 
There is thus no unfairness here. See Stringer, 730 
F.3d at 126. As discussed below, the Court will require 
the parties to negotiate and propose a full schedule for 
all remaining pretrial disclosures. 

76a 
IV. The perjury charges are legally tenable 
The Court turns next to Maxwell’s motion to dismiss 
the perjury counts stemming from her answers to 
questions in a deposition in a civil case. She contends 
that these charges are legally deficient because the 
questions posed were fundamentally ambiguous and 
the questions were not material to the subject of the 
deposition. The Court concludes that the charges are 
legally tenable and Maxwell’s defenses are appropriately 
left to the jury. 
The applicable perjury statute imposes criminal 
penalties on anyone who “in any proceeding before or 
ancillary to any court . . . knowingly makes any false 
material declaration.” 18 U.S.C. § 1623(a). Testimony 
is perjurious only if it is knowingly false and is 
material to the proceeding in which the defendant 
offered it. 
A. The questions posed were not too ambiguous 
to support a perjury charge 
The requirement of knowing falsity requires that a 
witness believe that their testimony is false. United 
States v. Lighte, 782 F.2d 367, 372 (2d Cir. 1986). As a 
general matter, “[a] jury is best equipped to determine 
the meaning that a defendant assigns to a specific 
question.” Id. Courts have acknowledged a narrow 
exception for questions that are so fundamentally 
ambiguous or imprecise that the answer to them 
cannot legally be false. Id. at 372, 375; see also United 
States v. Wolfson, 437 F.2d 862, 878 (2d Cir. 1970). A 
question is fundamentally ambiguous only if reasonable 
people could not agree on its meaning in context. 
Lighte, 782 F.2d at 375. The existence of some arguable 
ambiguity does not foreclose a perjury charge against 
a witness who understood the question. 

77a 
At a minimum, Maxwell’s motion is premature. 
Courts typically evaluate whether a question was 
fundamentally ambiguous only after the development 
of a full factual record at trial. See, e.g., United States 
v. Markiewicz, 978 F.2d 786, 808 (2d Cir. 1992). The 
evidence at trial may shed further light on whether the 
questions posed were objectively ambiguous in context 
or whether Maxwell subjectively understood them.  
In any event, the Court has closely considered each of 
the categories of questions that Maxwell argues are 
ambiguous. None of the alleged ambiguities Maxwell 
identifies rise to the level supporting dismissal of the 
charges. The context of the questions and answers, in 
conjunction with the Government’s evidence, could 
lead a reasonable juror to conclude that the statements 
were perjurious. Truth and falsity are questions for the 
jury in all but the most extreme cases. The Court 
declines to usurp the jury’s role on the limited pretrial 
record. 
B. A reasonable juror could conclude that 
Maxwell’s statements were material 
Maxwell also argues that the perjury counts should 
be dismissed because none of the allegedly false 
statements were material to the defamation action. In 
a civil deposition, a statement is material if it has a 
natural tendency to influence the court or if a truthful 
answer might reasonably lead to the discovery of 
admissible evidence. United States v. Gaudin, 515 U.S. 
506, 509 (1995); United States v. Kross, 14 F.3d 751, 
753–54 (2d Cir. 1994). Like knowing falsity, materiality is 
an element of the offense and thus ordinarily must be 
“decided by the jury, not the court.” Johnson v. United 
States, 520 U.S. 461, 465 (1997). Only the most 
extraordinary circumstances justify departure from 
this general rule. United States v. Forde, 740 F. Supp. 

78a 
2d 406, 412 (S.D.N.Y. 2010) (citing Gaudin, 515 U.S. at 
522–23). 
The charged statements do not fall within this 
narrow exception. Maxwell contends that the questions 
did not relate to the sex trafficking and sexual abuse 
allegations at the center of the civil case, but that is 
not the legal standard. The Government may prevail if 
it proves that Maxwell’s answers could have led to 
the discovery of other evidence or could influence the 
factfinder in the civil case. See Gaudin, 515 U.S. at 509; 
Kross, 14 F.3d at 753–54. At trial, a reasonable juror 
could conclude that truthful answers to the questions 
may have permitted the plaintiff to locate other 
victims or witnesses who could have corroborated the 
plaintiff’s testimony. The factual disputes relating to 
materiality are at least enough to preclude pretrial 
resolution. In criminal cases, courts must guard 
against “invading the ‘inviolable function of the jury’ 
in our criminal justice system,” and if the “defense 
raises a factual dispute that is inextricably intertwined 
with a defendant’s potential culpability, a judge cannot 
resolve that dispute on a Rule 12(b) motion.” United 
States v. Sampson, 898 F.3d 270, 281 (2d Cir. 2018). 
The Court concludes that the perjury charges are 
legally tenable and appropriately presented to the jury. 
V. The perjury charges must be severed and tried 
separately 
Although the perjury charges are legally tenable, the 
Court concludes that the interests of justice require 
severing those counts and trying them separately. 
Trying the perjury counts together with the Mann Act 
counts would require admitting evidence of other 
acts likely to be unduly prejudicial. It would also risk 

79a 
disqualifying Maxwell’s chosen counsel based on their 
involvement in the earlier civil case. 
Rule 14(a) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure 
allows a court to order separate trials if joining 
all offenses in a single trial would prejudice the 
defendant. A defendant seeking severance must show 
significant unfairness to outweigh the burden on the 
court of conducting multiple trials. United States v. 
Walker, 142 F.3d 103, 110 (2d Cir. 1998). The harm to 
the defendant must be more than “solely the adverse 
effect of being tried for two crimes rather than one.” 
United States v. Werner, 620 F.2d 922, 929 (2d Cir. 
1980). Though this standard is demanding, the Court 
concludes that, due to unique features of the perjury 
counts, Maxwell meets it here. Trying all counts 
together would compromise Maxwell’s right to the 
counsel of her choice and risk an unfair trial. 
Trying the perjury counts together with the Mann 
Act counts would risk an unfair trial on each set of 
counts. First, it would introduce unrelated allegations 
of sexual abuse, which would potentially expose the 
jury to evidence that might otherwise not be admissible. 
In particular, a joint trial would potentially expose the 
jury to a wider swath of information regarding civil 
litigation against Epstein that is remote from Maxwell’s 
charged conduct. This presents a significant risk that 
the jury will cumulate the evidence of the various 
crimes charged and find guilt when, if considered 
separately, it would not do so. See United States v. 
Halper, 590 F.2d 422, 430 (2d Cir. 1978). Second, the 
evidence presented on the Mann Act counts may 
prejudice the jury’s ability to fairly evaluate Maxwell’s 
truthfulness in her deposition, a critical element of the 
perjury counts. The Court has concerns that a limiting 

80a 
instruction may be inadequate to mitigate these risks 
given the nature of the allegations involved. 
Importantly, a joint trial is also likely to require 
disqualification of at least one of Maxwell’s attorneys 
from participating as an advocate on her behalf. The 
perjury counts likely implicate the performance and 
credibility of her lawyers in the civil action—two of 
whom represent her in this case. The New York Rules 
of Professional Conduct generally forbid a lawyer from 
representing a client in a proceeding in which the 
lawyer is likely also to be a witness. N.Y. R. Prof’l 
Conduct § 3.7(a). Maxwell’s counsel in the civil action 
and the deposition may be important fact witnesses on 
the perjury counts. Even if counsel were not required 
to testify, trying all counts together could force Maxwell 
to choose between having her counsel testify on her 
behalf on the perjury charges and having them assist 
her in defending the Mann Act charges. 
The Second Circuit has recognized that witness 
testimony offered by a party’s attorney presents 
serious risks to the fairness of a trial. See Murray v. 
Metro. Life Ins. Co., 583 F.3d 173, 178 (2d Cir. 2009). 
The lawyer might appear to vouch for their own 
credibility, jurors might perceive the lawyer as dis-
torting the truth to benefit their client, and blurred 
lines between argument and evidence might confuse 
the jury. Id. Disqualification of counsel also implicates 
Maxwell’s Sixth Amendment right to be represented 
by the counsel of her choice. See, e.g., United States v. 
Kincade, No. 15-cr-00071 (JAD) (GWF), 2016 WL 
6154901, at *6 (D. Nev. Oct. 21, 2016). The prejudice to 
Maxwell is especially pronounced because the attorneys 
who represented her in the civil case have worked with 
her for years and are particularly familiar with the 
facts surrounding the criminal prosecution. See United 

81a 
States v. Cunningham, 672 F.2d 1064, 1070–71 (2d Cir. 
1982). 
The Court is of course cognizant of the burden 
separate trials may impose on all trial participants. 
But much of the proof relevant to the perjury counts 
and the Mann Act counts does not overlap. In 
particular, materiality for statements made in a civil 
deposition is broad, and evidence on that question is 
unlikely to bear on the other charges here. See Kross, 
F.3d at 753–54; Gaudin, 515 U.S. at 509. Although 
some allegations of sexual abuse are relevant to both 
sets of charges, many are not. At a minimum, this will 
expand the scope of the trial far beyond the narrower 
issues presented. And while the Court agrees with the 
Government that at least some of Maxwell’s concerns 
are overstated, there is little question that the jury’s 
consideration of the nature of the defamation action 
will require a significant investment of time and 
resources to provide the requisite context. 
The balance of these considerations favors severance. 
“Motions to sever are committed to the sound discretion of 
the trial judge.” United States v. Casamento, 887 F.2d 
1141, 1149 (2d Cir. 1989). In its discretion, the Court 
concludes that trying the perjury counts separately 
will best ensure a fair and expeditious resolution of all 
charges in this case. 
VI. Maxwell’s motion to strike surplusage is 
premature 
Maxwell moves to strike allegations related to  
one of the alleged victims from the S1 superseding 
indictment as surplusage. The Court declines to do so 
at this juncture. 
Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 7(d) allows a 
court to strike surplusage from an indictment on a 

82a 
defendant’s motion. “Motions to strike surplusage 
from an indictment will be granted only where the 
challenged allegations are not relevant to the crime 
charged and are inflammatory and prejudicial.” 
United States v. Hernandez, 85 F.3d 1023, 1030 (2d Cir. 
1996) (cleaned up). Courts in this District generally 
delay ruling on any motion to strike until after the 
presentation of the Government’s evidence at trial, 
because that evidence may affect how specific allega-
tions relate to the overall charges. See, e.g., United 
States v. Nejad, No. 18-cr-224 (AJN), 2019 WL 
6702361, at *18 (S.D.N.Y. Dec. 6, 2019); United States 
v. Mostafa, 965 F. Supp. 2d 451, 467 (S.D.N.Y. 2013). 
Maxwell contends that the allegations related to 
“Minor Victim-3” are surplusage because the indictment 
does not charge that Minor Victim-3 traveled in 
interstate commerce or was below the age of consent 
in England where the alleged activities took place. 
Thus, she argues, these allegations do not relate to the 
charged conspiracy and instead reflect an attempt to 
introduce Minor Victim-3’s testimony for impermissible 
purposes. 
The Court will not strike any language from the S1 
superseding indictment at this juncture. The standard 
under Rule 7(d) is “exacting” and requires the 
defendant to demonstrate clearly that the allegations 
are irrelevant to the crimes charged. United States v. 
Napolitano, 552 F. Supp. 465, 480 (S.D.N.Y. 1982). The 
indictment does not allege that the alleged victim 
traveled in interstate commerce or was underage 
during sexual encounters with Epstein. But the 
Court cannot rule out that the allegations may reflect 
conduct undertaken in furtherance of the charged 
conspiracy or be relevant to prove facts such as 
Maxwell’s state of mind. See United States v. 

83a 
Concepcion, 983 F.2d 369, 392 (2d Cir. 1992). The Court 
will follow the well-worn path of others in this District 
and reserve the issue for trial. Maxwell may renew her 
motion then. 
VII. Maxwell’s motion to dismiss multiplicitous 
charges is premature 
Maxwell’s motion to dismiss either the first or third 
count of the S1 superseding indictment as multiplicitous 
is also premature. Maxwell contends that the Government 
has alleged the same conspiracy twice in the indictment. 
“An indictment is multiplicitous when it charges a 
single offense as an offense multiple times, in separate 
counts, when, in law and fact, only one crime has been 
committed.” United States v. Chacko, 169 F.3d 140, 145 
(2d Cir. 1999). “The multiplicity doctrine is based upon 
the double jeopardy clause of the Fifth Amendment, 
which assures that the court does not exceed its 
legislative authorization by imposing multiple punish-
ments for the same offense.” United States v. Nakashian, 
820 F.2d 549, 552 (2d Cir. 1987) (cleaned up). 
“Where there has been no prior conviction or acquittal, 
the Double Jeopardy Clause does not protect against 
simultaneous prosecutions for the same offense, so 
long as no more than one punishment is eventually 
imposed.” United States v. Josephberg, 459 F.3d 350, 
355 (2d Cir. 2006). “Since Josephberg, courts in this 
Circuit have routinely denied pre-trial motions to 
dismiss potentially multiplicitous counts as premature.” 
United States v. Medina, No. 13-cr-272 (PGG), 2014 
WL 3057917, at *3 (S.D.N.Y. July 7, 2014) (collecting 
cases). The Court therefore denies Maxwell’s motion to 
dismiss multiplicitous counts without prejudice. 

84a 
VIII. The parties shall negotiate all remaining 
disclosures 
Maxwell moves to compel the Government to 
produce certain documents she believes it has in its 
possession and has failed to produce. She also seeks 
accelerated disclosure of the Government’s witness 
list, Jencks Act material, Brady and Giglio material, 
co-conspirator statements, and Rule 404(b) material. 
Based on the Government’s response in briefing and 
letters the parties have since submitted to the Court, 
it appears that most of these requests have been 
overtaken by events. Accordingly, although the Court 
concludes that Maxwell is not entitled to expedite this 
discovery based on the arguments in her motion 
papers, the Court will require the parties to confer on 
an overall schedule for all remaining pretrial disclosures. 
A. The Court accepts the Government’s repre-
sentations that it has disclosed all Brady 
and Giglio Material 
The Supreme Court’s decisions in Brady v. Maryland, 
373 U.S. 83 (1963) and Giglio v. United States, 405 U.S. 
150 (1972) require the Government to disclose to 
defendants certain evidence that will aid their defense. 
Brady requires disclosure of exculpatory evidence. 
Under Giglio, the Government has a duty to produce 
“not only exculpatory material, but also information 
that could be used to impeach a key government 
witness.” United States v. Coppa, 267 F.3d 132, 135 (2d 
Cir. 2001) (citing Giglio, 405 U.S. at 154). As a general 
rule, “Brady and its progeny do not require immediate 
disclosure of all exculpatory and impeachment mate-
rial upon request by a defendant.” Id. at 146. “[A]s long 
as a defendant possesses Brady evidence in time for its 
effective use, the government has not deprived the 

85a 
defendant of due process of law simply because it did 
not produce the evidence sooner.” Id. at 144. 
Maxwell requests an order directing immediate 
disclosure of all Brady and Giglio material and also 
requests a few specific documents she contends the 
Government has failed to disclose. The Court begins 
with the specific requests. The requested materials 
include (1) records of witness interviews in connection 
with an ex parte declaration in support of a response 
to a motion to quash subpoenas; (2) an unredacted 
copy of two FBI reports; (3) pages from a personal 
diary that is in the custody of a civilian third party; 
and (4) copies of all subpoenas the Government has 
issued for Maxwell’s records as part of its investigation 
in this case. 
The Government represents that it is cognizant of 
its Brady obligations, that is has reviewed the witness 
interviews and one of the FBI reports, and that neither 
set of documents includes exculpatory information not 
previously disclosed. The Court has no reason to doubt 
the Government’s representation in this case that it is 
aware of its Brady obligations and that it has complied 
and will continue to comply with them. And because 
the witness statements are covered by the Jencks Act, 
the Court cannot compel production of such statements 
under the terms of the statute. See 18 U.S.C. § 3500; 
Coppa, 267 F.3d at 145. Next, the Government 
represents that it has already produced an unredacted 
copy of the other requested FBI report, and so that 
request is moot. The diary pages she requests are 
within the control of a civilian third party, not the 
Government, and so the Government need not (and 
perhaps cannot) produce them. See United States v. 
Collins, 409 F. Supp. 3d 228, 239 (S.D.N.Y. 2019). 
Finally, Maxwell’s request for copies of all subpoenas 

86a 
the Government has issued is overly broad and lacks 
a legal basis. Maxwell is not entitled to compel pro-
duction of these documents. 
The Court also will not issue an order requiring the 
immediate disclosure of Brady and Giglio material. 
The Government has represented that it recognizes its 
obligations under Brady and that it has complied, and 
will continue to comply, with such obligations. The 
Court has no reason to doubt these representations 
given its expansive approach to document production 
thus far in this case. The Government has agreed in its 
recent letter to produce Giglio material six weeks 
in advance of trial. The parties shall negotiate the 
specific timing, but assuming a schedule along those 
lines is met, the Court concludes that Maxwell will be 
able to effectively prepare for trial. See Coppa, 267 F.3d 
at 144. 
B. Jencks Act material and co-conspirator 
statements 
Maxwell also seeks to expedite discovery of Jencks 
Act material and non-exculpatory statements of co-
conspirators that the government may offer at trial. 
The Jencks Act, 18 U.S.C. § 3500, “provides that no 
prior statement made by a government witness shall 
be the subject of discovery until that witness has 
testified on direct examination.” Coppa, 267 F.3d at 
145. The statute therefore prohibits a district court 
in most cases from ordering the pretrial disclosure 
of witness statements unless those statements are 
exculpatory. “A coconspirator who testifies on behalf of 
the government is a witness under the Act.” In re 
United States, 834 F.2d 283, 286 (2d Cir. 1987). The 
Court therefore lacks the inherent power to expedite 
these disclosures. In any case, the Government has 

87a 
agreed to produce all Jencks Act material at least six 
weeks in advance of trial. 
The Court also rejects Maxwell’s alternative request 
for a hearing to determine the admissibility of co-
conspirator declarations. Co-conspirator statements 
may often be admitted at trial on a conditional basis. 
If the Court determines that the Government has not 
met its burden to show that the conditionally admitted 
statements were made in furtherance of the charged 
conspiracy, the Court should provide a limiting in-
struction or, in extreme cases declare a mistrial. 
United States v. Tracy, 12 F.3d 1186, 1199 (2d Cir. 
1993). Although conditional admissions can pose a 
problem, a pretrial hearing is unnecessary here be-
cause the Government has committed to producing co-
conspirator statements at least six weeks in advance 
of trial to allow Maxwell to raise any objections. 
Maxwell will have adequate time to object to any 
proffered co-conspirator testimony following the 
Government’s Jencks Act disclosures. 
C. Witness list 
As a general matter, “district courts have authority 
to compel pretrial disclosure of the identity of 
government witnesses.” United States v. Cannone, 528 
F.2d 296, 300 (2d Cir. 1975). In deciding whether to 
order accelerated disclosure of a witness list, courts 
consider whether a defendant has made a specific 
showing that disclosure is “both material to the 
preparation of the defense and reasonable in light of 
the circumstances surrounding the case.” United 
States v. Bejasa, 904 F.2d 137, 139–140 (2d Cir. 1990) 
(cleaned up). 
Maxwell has made a particularized showing that the 
Government must produce a witness list reasonably in 

88a 
advance of trial. The nature of the allegations in  
this case—decades-old allegations spanning multiple 
locations—present considerable challenges for the 
preparation of the defense. However, the Government’s 
proposed disclosure schedule—which will afford Maxwell 
at least six weeks to investigate testifying witness 
statements—allows Maxwell significantly more time 
to review disclosures than schedules adopted in most 
cases in this District. See, e.g., United States v. Rueb, 
No. 00-CR-91 (RWS), 2001 WL 96177, at *9 (S.D.N.Y. 
Feb. 5, 2001) (thirty days before trial); United States v. 
Nachamie, 91 F. Supp. 2d 565, 580 (S.D.N.Y. 2000) 
(fourteen days before trial). In addition, on April 13, 
2021, the Government produced over 20,000 pages of 
interview notes, reports and other materials related to 
non-testifying witnesses. After considering the circum-
stances, including the complexity of the issues in this 
case and what the defense has already received and 
likely learned in the course of discovery, the Court 
concludes that the Government’s proposal is generally 
reasonable. 
D. Rule 404(b) material 
Maxwell’s final discovery request is for early 
disclosure of evidence the Government seeks to offer 
under Federal Rule of Evidence 404(b). Under Rule 
404(b), if the prosecutor in a criminal case intends to 
use “evidence of a crime, wrong, or other act” against a 
defendant, the prosecutor must “provide reasonable 
notice of the general nature of any such evidence that 
the prosecutor intends to offer at trial” and must “do 
so in writing before trial—or in any form during trial 
if the court, for good cause, excuses lack of pretrial 
notice.” The Government represents that it will notify 
the defense of its intent to use 404(b) evidence at least 
days in advance of trial to allow Maxwell to file any 

89a 
motions in limine to be considered at the final pretrial 
conference. The Government’s proposal will give 
Maxwell an opportunity to challenge admission of that 
evidence and to bring to the Court’s attention any 
issues that require resolution before trial. “This is all 
that Rule 404(b) requires.” United States v. Thompson, 
No. 13-cr-378 (AJN), 2013 WL 6246489, at *9 (S.D.N.Y. 
Dec. 3, 2013). The Court concludes this schedule is 
generally reasonable, although additional time to 
enable briefing and resolution in advance of trial is 
strongly encouraged. 
The Court’s denial of Maxwell’s requests to compel 
pretrial disclosures does not preclude the parties from 
negotiating in good faith for an expedited discovery 
timeline that will account for Maxwell’s specific 
concerns. “[I]n most criminal cases, pretrial disclosure 
will redound to the benefit of all parties, counsel, and 
the court.” United States v. Percevault, 490 F.2d 126, 
132 (2d Cir. 1974). In general, the Court will require 
the parties to negotiate a final, omnibus schedule to 
propose to the Court. The Court concludes that the 
disclosure of all of the above materials approximately 
six to eight weeks in advance of trial is appropriate 
and sufficient. 
Given the complexities of the case and the addition 
of two counts via the S2 indictment, the Court 
encourages the parties to agree to approximately eight 
weeks. 
IX. The S2 superseding indictment moots Maxwell’s 
grand jury challenge 
The Court has not received supplemental briefing on 
the motions in light of the return of the S2 superseding 

90a 
indictment and so does resolve any such issues here.1 
However, Maxwell’s motion seeking to dismiss the S1 
superseding indictment because it was returned by a 
grand jury sitting at the White Plains courthouse 
appears moot. Maxwell argued that the use of a grand 
jury drawn from the White Plains Division in this 
District did not represent a fair cross-section of the 
community, because her trial would proceed in the 
Manhattan Division. A grand jury sitting in Manhattan 
returned the S2 superseding indictment. By April 21, 
2021, Maxwell shall show cause why her grand jury 
motion should not be dismissed on that basis. 
Conclusion 
The Court DENIES Maxwell’s motions to dismiss 
the indictment as barred by Epstein’s non-prosecution 
agreement (Dkt. No. 141), to dismiss the Mann Act 
counts as barred by the statute of limitations (Dkt. No. 
143), to dismiss the indictment for pre-indictment 
delay (Dkt. No. 137), to dismiss the Mann Act counts 
for lack of specificity (Dkt. No. 123), to dismiss the 
perjury counts as legally untenable (Dkt. No. 135), to 
strike surplusage (Dkt. No. 145), to dismiss count one 
or count three as multiplicitous (Dkt. No. 121), and to 
expedite pretrial disclosures (Dkt. No. 147). The Court 
GRANTS Maxwell’s motion to sever the perjury counts 
for a separate trial (Dkt. No. 119). 
The Court ORDERS the Government to confirm 
within one week whether it considers any evidence 
related to negotiation of the non-prosecution agreement 
to constitute Brady or Rule 16 material and, if so, to 
confirm that it has or will disclose such evidence. 
The parties shall negotiate and propose a schedule for any 
available additional or supplement rulings in light of the filing of 
the S2 indictment. 

91a 
The Court further ORDERS the parties to negotiate 
a final schedule for all pretrial disclosures that remain 
outstanding, including: Brady, Giglio, and Jenks Act 
materials, including co-conspirator statements; non-
testifying witness statements; testifying witness state-
ments; the identity of victims alleged in the indictment; 
404(b) material; and the Government’s witness list. 
The Court also requires the parties to negotiate a 
schedule for any additional or supplemental motions 
briefing in light of the S2 indictment. The Court 
ORDERS a joint proposal to be submitted by April 21, 
2021. If agreement is not reached, the parties shall 
submit their respective proposals. 
The Court further ORDERS Maxwell to show cause 
by April 21, 2021 why her motion to dismiss the S1 
superseding indictment under the Sixth Amendment 
(Dkt. No. 125) should not be denied as moot. 
SO ORDERED. 
Dated: April 16, 2021 
New York, New York 
/s/ Alison J. Nathan 
ALISON J. NATHAN 
United States District Judge 

92a 
APPENDIX E 
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS 
FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT 
———— 
Docket No: 22-1426 
———— 
At a stated term of the United States Court of Appeals 
for the Second Circuit, held at the Thurgood Marshall 
United States Courthouse, 40 Foley Square, in the 
City of New York, on the 25th day of November, two 
thousand twenty-four. 
———— 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
Appellee, 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, AKA SEALED DEFENDANT 1, 
Defendant-Appellant. 
———— 
ORDER 
Appellant, Ghislaine Maxwell, filed a petition for 
panel rehearing, or, in the alternative, for rehearing 
en banc. The panel that determined the appeal has 
considered the request for panel rehearing, and the 
active members of the Court have considered the 
request for rehearing en banc. 
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the petition is 
denied. 
FOR THE COURT: 
Catherine O’Hagan Wolfe, Clerk 
[United States Second Circuit 
Court of Appeals 
Catherine O’Hagan Wolfe Seal] 

93a 
APPENDIX F 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
[LOGO] 
EXCERPTS OF THE OFFICE OF 
PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 
Investigation into the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the 
Southern District of Florida’s Resolution of Its 2006–
2008 Federal Criminal Investigation of  
Jeffrey Epstein and Its Interactions with  
Victims during the Investigation 
November 2020 
NOTE: THIS REPORT CONTAINS SENSITIVE, 
PRIVILEGED, AND PRIVACY ACT PROTECTED 
INFORMATION. DO NOT DISTRIBUTE THE REPORT 
OR ITS CONTENTS WITHOUT THE PRIOR 
APPROVAL OF THE OFFICE OF PROFESSIONAL 
RESPONSIBILITY. 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
The Department of Justice (Department) Office of 
Professional Responsibility (OPR) investigated allega-
tions that in 2007-2008, prosecutors in the U.S. 
Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Florida 
(USAO) improperly resolved a federal investigation 
into the criminal conduct of Jeffrey Epstein by 
negotiating and executing a federal non-prosecution 
agreement (NPA). The NPA was intended to end a 
federal investigation into allegations that Epstein 
engaged in illegal sexual activity with girls.1 OPR also 
As used in this Report, including in quoted documents and 
statements, the word “girls” refers to females who were under the 
age of 18 at the time of the alleged conduct. Under Florida law, a 
minor is a person under the age of 18. 

94a 
investigated whether USAO prosecutors committed 
professional misconduct by failing to consult with 
victims of Epstein’s crimes before the NPA was signed 
or by misleading victims regarding the status of the 
federal investigation after the signing. 
I. OVERVIEW OF FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
The Palm Beach (Florida) Police Department (PBPD) 
began investigating Jeffrey Epstein in 2005, after the 
parents of a 14-year-old girl complained that Epstein 
had paid her for a massage. Epstein was a multi-
millionaire financier with residences in Palm Beach, 
New York City, and other United States and foreign 
locations. The investigation led to the discovery that 
Epstein used personal assistants to recruit girls to 
provide massages to him, and in many instances, those 
massages led to sexual activity. After the PBPD 
brought the case to the State Attorney’s Office, a Palm 
Beach County grand jury indicted Epstein, on July 19, 
2006, for felony solicitation of prostitution in violation 
of Florida Statute § 796.07. However, because the 
PBPD Chief and the lead Detective were dissatisfied 
with the State Attorney’s handling of the case and 
believed that the state grand jury’s charge did not 
address the totality of Epstein’s conduct, they referred 
the matter to the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
(FBI) in West Palm Beach for a possible federal 
investigation. 
The FBI brought the matter to an Assistant U.S. 
Attorney (AUSA), who opened a file with her supervisor’s 
approval and with the knowledge of then U.S. Attorney 
R. Alexander Acosta. She worked with two FBI case 
agents to develop a federal case against Epstein and, 
in the course of the investigation, they discovered 
additional victims. In May 2007, the AUSA submitted 
to her supervisors a draft 60-count indictment outlining 

95a 
charges against Epstein. She also provided a lengthy 
memorandum summarizing the evidence she had 
assembled in support of the charges and addressing 
the legal issues related to the proposed charges. 
For several weeks following submission of the 
prosecution memorandum and proposed indictment, 
the AUSA’s supervisors reviewed the case to determine 
how to proceed. At a July 31, 2007 meeting with 
Epstein’s attorneys, the USAO offered to end its 
investigation if Epstein pled guilty to state charges, 
agreed to serve a minimum of two years’ incarceration, 
registered as a sexual offender, and agreed to a mecha-
nism through which victims could obtain monetary 
damages. The USAO subsequently engaged in additional 
meetings and communications with Epstein’s team of 
attorneys, ultimately negotiating the terms of a state-
based resolution of the federal investigation, which 
culminated in the signing of the NPA on September 24, 
2007. The NPA required Epstein to plead guilty in 
state court to the then-pending state indictment 
against him and to an additional criminal information 
charging him with a state offense that would require 
him to register as a sexual offender—specifically, 
procurement of minors to engage in prostitution, in 
violation of Florida Statute § 796.03. The NPA 
required Epstein to make a binding recommendation 
that the state court sentence him to serve 18 months 
in the county jail followed by 12 months of community 
control (home detention or “house arrest”). The NPA 
also included provisions designed to facilitate the 
victims’ recovery of monetary damages from Epstein. 
In exchange, the USAO agreed to end its investigation 
of Epstein and to forgo federal prosecution in the 
Southern District of Florida of him, four named  
co-conspirators, and “any potential co-conspirators.” 

96a 
Victims were not informed of, or consulted about, a 
potential state resolution or the NPA prior to its signing. 
The signing of the NPA did not immediately lead to 
Epstein’s guilty plea and incarceration, however. For 
the next nine months, Epstein deployed his extensive 
team of prominent attorneys to try to change the terms 
that his team had negotiated and he had approved, 
while simultaneously seeking to invalidate the entire 
NPA by persuading senior Department officials that 
there was no federal interest at issue and the matter 
should be left to the discretion of state law enforce-
ment officials. Through repeated communications with 
the USAO and senior Department officials, defense 
counsel fought the government’s interpretation of the 
NPA’s terms. They also sought and obtained review by 
the Department’s Criminal Division and then the 
Office of the Deputy Attorney General, primarily on 
the issue of federal jurisdiction over what the defense 
insisted was “a quintessentially state matter.” After 
reviewing submissions by the defense and the USAO, 
on June 23, 2008, the Office of the Deputy Attorney 
General informed defense counsel that the Deputy 
Attorney General would not intervene in the matter. 
Only then did Epstein agree to fulfill his obligation 
under the NPA, and on June 30, 2008, he appeared in 
state court and pled guilty to the pending state 
indictment charging felony solicitation of prostitution 
and, pursuant to the NPA, to a criminal information 
charging him with procurement of minors to engage in 
prostitution. Upon the joint request of the defendant 
and the state prosecutor, and consistent with the NPA, 
the court immediately sentenced Epstein to consecu-
tive terms of 12 months’ incarceration on the solicitation 
charge and 6 months’ incarceration on the procurement 
charge, followed by 12 months of community control. 
Epstein began serving the sentence that day, in a 

97a 
minimum-security Palm Beach County facility. A copy 
of the NPA was filed under seal with the state court. 
On July 7, 2008, a victim, identified as “Jane Doe,” 
filed in federal court in the Southern District of Florida 
an emergency petition alleging that the government 
violated the Crime Victims’ Rights Act (CVRA), 18 
U.S.C. § 3771, when it resolved the federal investiga-
tion of Epstein without consulting with victims, and 
seeking enforcement of her CVRA rights.2 In responding 
to the petition, the government, represented by the 
USAO, revealed the existence of the NPA, but did not 
produce it to the petitioners until the court directed it 
to be turned over subject to a protective order; the NPA 
itself remained under seal in the federal district court. 
After the initial filings and hearings, the CVRA case 
was dormant for almost two years while the 
petitioners pursued civil cases against Epstein. 
Soon after he was incarcerated, Epstein applied for 
the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s work release 
program, and the Sheriff approved his application. In 
October 2008, Epstein began spending 12 hours a day 
purportedly working at the “Florida Science Foundation,” 
an entity Epstein had recently incorporated that was 
co-located at the West Palm Beach office of one of 
Epstein’s attorneys. Although the NPA specified a 
term of incarceration of 18 months, Epstein received 
“gain time,” that is, time off for good behavior, and he 
actually served less than 13 months of incarceration. 
On July 22, 2009, Epstein was released from custody 
to a one-year term of home detention as a condition of 
Emergency Victim’s Petition for Enforcement of Crime 
Victim’s [sic] Rights Act, 18 U.S.C. Section 3771, Doe v. United 
States, Case No. 9:08-cv-80736-KAM (S.D. Fla. July 7, 2008). 
Another victim subsequently joined the litigation as “Jane Doe 2.” 

98a 
community control, and he registered as a sexual 
offender with the Florida Department of Law 
Enforcement. After victims and news media filed suit 
in Florida courts for release of the copy of the NPA that 
had been filed under seal in the state court file, a state 
judge in September 2009 ordered it to be made public. 
By mid-2010, Epstein reportedly settled multiple 
civil lawsuits brought against him by victims seeking 
monetary damages, including the two petitioners in 
the CVRA litigation. During the CVRA litigation, the 
petitioners sought discovery from the USAO, which 
made substantial document productions, filed lengthy 
privilege logs in support of its withholding of documents, 
and submitted declarations from the AUSA and the 
FBI case agents who conducted the federal investiga-
tion. The USAO opposed efforts to unseal various 
records, as did Epstein, who was permitted to intervene in 
the litigation with respect to certain issues. Nevertheless, 
the court ultimately ordered that substantial records 
relating to the USAO’s resolution of the Epstein case 
be made public. During the course of the litigation, the 
court made numerous rulings interpreting the CVRA. 
After failed efforts to settle the case, the parties’ cross 
motions for summary judgment remained pending for 
more than a year. 
In 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Acosta 
to be Secretary of Labor. At his March 2017 confirmation 
hearing, Acosta was questioned only briefly about the 
Epstein case. On April 17, 2017, the Senate confirmed 
Acosta’s appointment as Labor Secretary. 
In the decade following his release from incarceration, 
Epstein reportedly continued to settle multiple civil 
suits brought by many, but not all, of his victims. 
Epstein was otherwise able to resume his lavish 
lifestyle, largely avoiding the interest of the press. On 

99a 
November 28, 2018, however, the Miami Herald 
published an extensive investigative report about 
state and federal criminal investigations initiated 
more than 12 years earlier into allegations that 
Epstein had coerced girls into engaging in sexual 
activity with him at his Palm Beach estate.3 The 
Miami Herald reported that in 2007, Acosta entered 
into an “extraordinary” deal with Epstein in the form 
of the NPA, which permitted Epstein to avoid federal 
prosecution and a potentially lengthy prison sentence 
by pleading guilty in state court to “two prostitution 
charges.” According to the Miami Herald, the govern-
ment also immunized from prosecution Epstein’s co-
conspirators and concealed from Epstein’s victims the 
terms of the NPA. Through its reporting, which 
included interviews of eight victims and information 
from publicly available documents, the newspaper 
painted a portrait of federal and state prosecutors who 
had ignored serious criminal conduct by a wealthy 
man with powerful and politically connected friends by 
granting him a “deal of a lifetime” that allowed him 
both to escape significant punishment for his past 
conduct and to continue his abuse of minors. The 
Miami Herald report led to public outrage and media 
scrutiny of the government’s actions.4 
Julie K. Brown, “Perversion of Justice,” Miami Herald, Nov. 
28, 2018. https://www.miamiherald.com/news/local/article220097 
825.html. 
See, e.g., Ashley Collman, “Stunning new report details 
Trump’s labor secretary’s role in plea deal for billionaire sex 
abuser,” The Business Insider, Nov. 29, 2018; Cynthia McFadden, 
“New Focus on Trump Labor Secretary’s role in unusual plea deal 
for billionaire accused of sexual abuse,” NBC Nightly News, Nov. 
29, 2018; Anita Kumar, “Trump labor secretary out of running for 
attorney general after Miami Herald report,” McClatchy Washington 
Bureau, Nov. 29, 2018; Emily Peck, “How Trump’s Labor Secretary 

100a 
On February 21, 2019, the district court granted the 
CVRA case petitioners’ Motion for Partial Summary 
Judgment, ruling that the government violated the 
CVRA in failing to advise the victims about its 
intention to enter into the NPA.5 The court also found 
that letters the government sent to victims after 
the NPA was signed, describing the investigation as 
ongoing, “mislead [sic] the victims to believe that 
federal prosecution was still a possibility.” The court 
also highlighted the inequity of the USAO’s failure to 
communicate with the victims while at the same time 
engaging in “lengthy negotiations” with Epstein’s 
counsel and assuring the defense that the NPA would 
not be “made public or filed with the court.” The court 
ordered the parties to submit additional briefs 
regarding the appropriate remedies. After the court’s 
order, the Department recused the USAO from the 
CVRA litigation and assigned the U.S. Attorney’s 
Office for the Northern District of Georgia to handle 
the case for the government. Among the remedies 
sought by the petitioners, and opposed by the govern-
ment, was rescission of the NPA and federal prosecution 
of Epstein. 
On July 2, 2019, the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the 
Southern District of New York obtained a federal 
grand jury indictment charging Epstein with one 
count of sex trafficking of minors and one count of 
conspiracy to commit sex trafficking of minors. The 
indictment alleged that from 2002 until 2005, Epstein 
Covered For A Millionaire Sex Abuser,” Huffington Post, Nov. 29, 
2018; Julie K. Brown, et al., “Lawmakers issue call for investiga-
tion of serial sex abuser Jeffrey Epstein’s plea deal,” Miami 
Herald, Dec. 6, 2018. 
Doe v. United States, 359 F. Supp. 3d 1201 (S.D. Fla., Feb. 21, 
2019) (Opinion and Order, 9:08-80736-CIV-Marra). 

101a 
created a vast network of underage victims in both 
New York and Florida whom he sexually abused and 
exploited. Epstein was arrested on the charges on July 
6, 2019. In arguing for Epstein’s pretrial detention, 
prosecutors asserted that agents searching Epstein’s 
Manhattan residence found thousands of photos of 
nude and half-nude females, including at least one 
believed to be a minor. The court ordered Epstein 
detained pending trial, and he was remanded to the 
custody of the Bureau of Prisons and held at the 
Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan. 
Meanwhile, after publication of the November 2018 
Miami Herald report, the media and Congress increas-
ingly focused attention on Acosta as the government 
official responsible for the NPA. On July 10, 2019, 
Acosta held a televised press conference to defend his 
and the USAO’s actions. Acosta stated that the Palm 
Beach State Attorney’s Office “was ready to allow 
Epstein to walk free with no jail time, nothing.” 
According to Acosta, because USAO prosecutors con-
sidered this outcome unacceptable, his office pursued 
a difficult and challenging case and obtained a 
resolution that put Epstein in jail, forced him to 
register as a sexual offender, and provided victims 
with the means to obtain monetary damages. Acosta’s 
press conference did not end the controversy, however, 
and on July 12, 2019, Acosta submitted to the 
President his resignation as Secretary of Labor. In a 
brief oral statement, Acosta explained that continued 
media attention on his handling of the Epstein 
investigation rather than on the economy was unfair 
to the Labor Department. 
On August 10, 2019, Epstein was found hanging in 
his cell and was later pronounced dead. The New York 

102a 
City Chief Medical Examiner concluded that Epstein 
had committed suicide. 
As a result of Epstein’s death, the U.S. Attorney’s 
Office for the Southern District of New York filed a 
nolle prosequi to dismiss the pending indictment 
against Epstein. On August 27, 2019, the district court 
held a hearing at which more than a dozen of Epstein’s 
victims—including victims of the conduct in Florida 
that was addressed through the NPA—spoke about 
the impact of Epstein’s crimes. The court dismissed the 
Epstein indictment on August 29, 2019. 
After Epstein’s death, the federal district court in 
Florida overseeing the CVRA litigation denied the 
petitioners their requested remedies and closed the 
case as moot. Among its findings, the court concluded 
that although the government had violated the CVRA, 
the government had asserted “legitimate and legally 
supportable positions throughout this litigation,” and 
therefore had not litigated in bad faith. The court also 
noted it expected the government to “honor its 
representation that it will provide training to its 
employees about the CVRA and the proper treatment 
of crime victims,” as well as honoring its promise to 
meet with the victims. 
On September 30, 2019, CVRA petitioner “Jane  
Doe 1” filed in her true name a petition for a writ of 
mandamus in the United States Court of Appeals for 
the Eleventh Circuit, seeking review of the district 
court’s order denying all of her requested remedies. In 
its responsive brief, the government argued that “as a 
matter of law, the legal obligations under the CVRA do 
not attach prior to the government charging a case” 
and thus, “the CVRA was not triggered in [the 
Southern District of Florida] because no criminal 
charges were brought.” Nevertheless, during oral 

103a 
argument, the government conceded that the USAO 
had not been “fully transparent” with the petitioner 
and had “made a mistake in causing her to believe that 
the case was ongoing when in fact the NPA had been 
signed.” On April 14, 2020, a divided panel of the Court 
of Appeals denied the petition, ruling that CVRA 
rights do not attach until a defendant has been 
criminally charged. On August 7, 2020, the court 
granted the petition for rehearing en banc and vacated 
the panel’s opinion; as of the date of this Report, a 
briefing schedule has been issued, and oral argument 
is set for December 3, 2020. 
II. THE INITIATION AND SCOPE OF OPR’S 
INVESTIGATION 
After the Miami Herald published its investigative 
report on November 28, 2018, U.S. Senator Ben Sasse, 
Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on 
Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal 
Courts, sent a December 3, 2018 letter to OPR, citing 
the Miami Herald’s report and requesting that OPR 
“open an investigation into the instances identified in 
this reporting of possible misconduct by Department 
of Justice attorneys.” On February 6, 2019, the 
Department of Justice Office of Legislative Affairs 
advised Senator Sasse that OPR had opened an 
investigation into the matter and would review the 
USAO’s decision to resolve the federal investigation of 
Epstein through the NPA.6 
After the district court issued its ruling in the CVRA 
litigation, on February 21, 2019, OPR included within 
The federal government was closed from December 22, 2018, 
to January 25, 2019. After initiating its investigation, OPR 
also subsequently received other letters from U.S. Senators and 
Representatives inquiring into the status of the OPR investigation. 

104a 
the scope of its investigation an examination of the 
government’s conduct that formed the basis for the 
court’s findings that the USAO violated the CVRA in 
failing to afford victims a reasonable right to confer 
with the government about the NPA before the 
agreement was signed and that the government 
affirmatively misled victims about the status of the 
federal investigation. 
During the course of its investigation, OPR obtained 
and reviewed hundreds of thousands of records from 
the USAO, the FBI, and other Department components, 
including the Office of the Deputy Attorney General, 
the Criminal Division, and the Executive Office for 
U.S. Attorneys. The records included emails, letters, 
memoranda, and investigative materials. OPR also 
collected and reviewed materials relating to the state 
investigation and prosecution of Epstein. OPR also 
examined extensive publicly available information, 
including depositions, pleadings, orders, and other 
court records, and reviewed media reports and 
interviews, articles, podcasts, and books relating to the 
Epstein case. 
In addition to this extensive documentary review, 
OPR conducted more than 60 interviews of witnesses, 
including the FBI case agents, their supervisors, and 
FBI administrative personnel; current and former 
USAO staff and attorneys; current and former 
Department attorneys and senior managers, including 
a former Deputy Attorney General and a former 
Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division; 
and the former State Attorney and former Assistant 
State Attorney in charge of the state investigation of 
Epstein. OPR also interviewed several victims and 
attorneys representing victims, and reviewed written 

105a 
submissions from victims, concerning victim contacts 
with the USAO and the FBI. 
OPR identified former U.S. Attorney Acosta, three 
former USAO supervisors, and the AUSA as subjects 
of its investigation based on preliminary information 
indicating that each of them was involved in the 
decision to resolve the case through the NPA or in the 
negotiations leading to the agreement. OPR deems a 
current or former Department attorney to be a subject 
of its investigation when the individual’s conduct is 
within the scope of OPR’s review and may result in a 
finding of professional misconduct. OPR reviewed 
prior public statements made by Acosta and another 
subject. All five subjects cooperated fully with OPR’s 
investigation. OPR requested that all of the subjects 
provide written responses detailing their involvement 
in the federal investigation of Epstein, the drafting 
and execution of the NPA, and decisions relating to 
victim notification and consultation. OPR received and 
reviewed written responses from all of the subjects, 
and subsequently conducted extensive interviews of 
each subject under oath and before a court reporter. 
Each subject was represented by counsel and had 
access to relevant contemporaneous documents before 
the subject’s OPR interview. The subjects reviewed and 
provided comments on their respective interview 
transcripts and on OPR’s draft report. OPR carefully 
considered the comments and made changes, or noted 
comments, as OPR deemed appropriate; OPR did not, 
however, alter its findings and conclusions. 
Finally, OPR reviewed relevant case law, statutes, 
regulations, Department policy, and attorney profes-
sional responsibility rules as necessary to resolve the 
issues presented in this case and to determine whether 
the subjects committed professional misconduct. 

106a 
As part of its investigation, OPR examined the 
interactions between state officials and the federal 
investigators and prosecutors, but because OPR does 
not have jurisdiction over state officials, OPR did not 
investigate, or reach conclusions about, their conduct 
regarding the state investigation.7 Because OPR’s 
mission is to ensure that Department attorneys adhere 
to the standards of professional conduct, OPR’s inves-
tigation focused on the actions of the subject attorneys 
rather than on determining the full scope of Epstein’s 
and his assistants’ criminal behavior. Accordingly, 
OPR considered the evidence and information regard-
ing Epstein’s and his assistants’ conduct as it was 
known to the subjects at the time they performed their 
duties as Department attorneys. Additional evidence 
and information that came to light after June 30, 2008, 
when Epstein entered his guilty plea under the NPA, 
did not affect the subjects’ actions prior to that date, 
and OPR did not evaluate the subjects’ conduct on the 
basis of that subsequent information. 
OPR’s investigation occurred approximately 12 
years after most of the significant events relating to 
the USAO’s investigation of Epstein, the NPA, and 
Epstein’s guilty plea. As a result, many of the subjects 
and witnesses were unable to recall the details of 
events or their own or others’ actions occurring in 
2006-2008, such as conversations, meetings, or documents 
In August 2019, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis announced 
that he had directed the Florida Department of Law Enforcement 
to open an investigation into the conduct of state authorities 
relating to Epstein. As reported, the investigation focuses on 
Epstein’s state plea agreement and the Palm Beach County work 
release program. 

107a 
they reviewed at the time.8 However, OPR’s evaluation 
of the subjects’ conduct was aided significantly by 
extensive, contemporaneous emails among the prose-
cutors and communications between the government 
and defense counsel. These records often referred to 
the interactions among the participants and described 
important decisions and, in some instances, the bases 
for them. 
III. OVERVIEW OF OPR’S ANALYTICAL FRAME-
WORK 
OPR’s primary mission is to ensure that Department 
attorneys perform their duties in accordance with the 
highest professional standards, as would be expected 
of the nation’s principal law enforcement agency. 
Accordingly, OPR investigates allegations of professional 
misconduct against current or former Department 
attorneys related to the exercise of their authority to 
*  *  * 
[69] to the assault charge” and suggesting a different 
factual scenario to support a federal charge.112 At this 
OPR was cognizant that Acosta and the three managers all 
left the USAO during, or not long after resolution of, the Epstein 
case, while the AUSA remained with the USAO until mid-2019. 
Moreover, as the line prosecutor in the Epstein investigation 
and also as co-counsel in the CVRA litigation until the USAO 
was recused from that litigation in early 2019, the AUSA had 
continuous access to the USAO documentary record and numerous 
occasions to review these materials in the course of her official 
duties. Additionally, in responding to OPR’s request for a written 
response, and in preparing to be interviewed by OPR, the AUSA 
was able to refresh her recollection with these materials to an 
extent not possible for the other subjects, who were provided with 
relevant documents by OPR in preparation for their interviews. 
112 Villafaña told OPR that she sometimes used her home email 
account because “[n]egotiations were occurring at nights, on 

108a 
point, Sloman left on vacation, and he informed Acosta 
and Villafaña that in his absence Lourie had agreed 
“to help finalize this.” Lourie spent the following 
work week at his new post at the Department in 
Washington, D.C., but communicated with his USAO 
colleagues by phone and email. 
In a Sunday, September 16, 2007 email, Villafaña 
informed Lefkowitz that she had drafted a factual 
proffer to accompany a revised “hybrid” federal plea 
proposal. In that email, Villafaña also noted that she 
was considering filing charges in the federal district 
court in Miami, “which will hopefully cut the press 
coverage significantly.” This email received considerable 
attention 12 years later when it was made public 
during the CVRA litigation and was viewed as evidence  
of the USAO’s efforts to conceal the NPA from the 
victims. Villafaña, however, explained to OPR that she 
was concerned that news media coverage would 
violate the victims’ privacy. She told OPR, “[I]f [the 
victims] wanted to attend [the plea hearing], I wanted 
them to be able to go into the courthouse without their 
faces being splashed all over the newspaper,” and that 
such publicity was less likely to happen in Miami, 
where the press “in general does not care about what 
happens in Palm Beach.” 
Lefkowitz responded to Villafaña with a revised 
version of her latest proposed “hybrid” plea agreement, 
in a document entitled “Agreement.” Significantly, 
this defense proposal introduced two new provisions. 
The first related to four female assistants who had 
weekend[s], and while I was [away from the office for personal 
reasons], . . . and this occurred during a time when out of office 
access to email was very limited.” Records show her supervisors 
were aware that at times she used her personal email account in 
communicating with defense counsel in this case. 

109a 
allegedly facilitated Epstein in his criminal scheme. 
The defense sought a government promise not to 
prosecute them, as well as certain other unnamed 
Epstein employees, and a promise to forego immigration 
proceedings against two of the female assistants: 
Epstein’s fulfilling the terms and conditions 
of the Agreement also precludes the initiation 
of any and all criminal charges which might 
otherwise in the future be brought against 
[four named female assistants] or any employee 
of [a specific Epstein-owned corporate entity] 
for any criminal charge that arises out of the 
ongoing federal investigation . . . . Further, no 
immigration proceeding will be instituted 
against [two named female assistants] as a 
result of the ongoing investigation. 
The second new provision related to the USAO’s 
efforts to obtain Epstein’s computers: 
Epstein’s fulfilling the terms and conditions 
of the Agreement resolves any and all out-
standing [legal process] that have requested 
witness testimony and/or the production of 
documents and/or computers in relation to 
the investigation that is the subject of the 
Agreement. Each [legal process] will be 
withdrawn upon the execution of the 
Agreement and will not be re-issued absent 
reliable evidence of a violation of the agree-
ment. Epstein and his counsel agree that the 
computers that are currently under [legal 
process] will be safeguarded in their current 
condition by Epstein’s counsel or their agents 
until the terms and conditions of the Agree-
ment are fulfilled. 

110a 
Later that day, Villafaña sent Lefkowitz a lengthy 
email to convey two options Lourie had suggested: “the 
original proposal” for a state plea but with an 
agreement for an 18-month sentence, or pleas to state 
charges and two federal obstruction-of-justice charges. 
Villafaña also told Lefkowitz she was willing to ask 
Acosta again to approve a federal plea to a five-year 
conspiracy with a Rule 11(c) binding recommendation 
for a 20-month sentence. Villafaña explained: 
As to timing, it is my understanding that Mr. 
Epstein needs to be sentenced in the state after he is 
sentenced in the federal case, but not that he needs to 
plead guilty and be sentenced after serving his federal 
time. Andy recommended that some of the timing 
issues be addressed only in the state agreement, so 
that it isn’t obvious to the judge that we are trying to 
create federal jurisdiction for prison purposes. 
With regard to prosecution of individuals other than 
Epstein, Villafaña suggested standard federal plea 
agreement language regarding the resolution of all 
criminal liability, “and I will mention ‘co-conspirators,’ 
but I would prefer not to highlight for the judge all of 
the other crimes and all of the other persons that we 
could charge.” Villafaña told OPR that she was willing 
to include a non-prosecution provision for Epstein’s co-
conspirators, who at the time she understood to be the 
four women named in the proposed agreement, 
because the USAO was not interested in prosecuting 
those individuals if Epstein entered a plea. Villafaña 
told OPR, “[W]e considered Epstein to be the top of the 
food chain, and we wouldn’t have been interested in 
prosecuting anyone else.” She did not consider the 
possibility that Epstein might be trying to protect 
other, unnamed individuals, and no one, including the 
FBI case agents, raised that concern. Villafaña also 

111a 
told OPR that her reference to “all of the other crimes 
and all of the other persons that we could charge” 
related to her concern that if the plea agreement 
contained information about uncharged conduct, the 
court might ask for more information about that 
conduct and inquire why it had not been charged, and 
if the government provided such information, Epstein’s 
attorneys might claim the agreement was breached.113 
With regard to immigration, Villafaña told OPR that 
the USAO generally did not take any position in plea 
agreements on immigration issues, and that in this 
case, there was no evidence that either of the two 
assistants who were foreign nationals had committed 
fraud in connection with their immigration paperwork, 
“and I think that they were both in status. So there 
wasn’t any reason for them to be deported.”114 As to 
whether the foreign nationals would be removable by 
virtue of having committed crimes, Villafaña told OPR 
she did not consider her role as seeking removal apart 
from actual prosecution. 
Villafaña concluded her email to Lefkowitz by 
expressing disappointment that they were not “closer 
to resolving this than it appears that we are,” and 
113 OPR understood Villafaña’s concern to be that if the govern-
ment were required to respond to a court’s inquiry into additional 
facts, Epstein would object that the government was trying to cast 
him in a negative light in order to influence the court to impose a 
sentence greater than the agreed-upon term. 
114 According to the case agents, the West Palm Beach FBI office 
had an ICE agent working with them at the beginning of the 
federal investigation, and the ICE agent normally would have 
looked into the immigration status of any foreign national, but 
neither case agent recalled any immigration issue regarding any 
of the Epstein employees. 

112a 
offering to meet the next day to work on the 
agreement: 
Can I suggest that tomorrow we either meet 
live or via teleconference, either with your 
client or having him within a quick phone 
call, to hash out these items? I was hoping to 
work only a half day tomorrow to save my 
voice for Tuesday’s hearing . . . , if necessary, 
but maybe we can set a time to meet. If you 
want to meet “off campus” somewhere, that is 
fine. I will make sure that I have all the 
necessary decision makers present or “on 
call,” as well.115 
Villafaña told OPR that she offered to meet 
Lefkowitz away from the USAO because conducting 
negotiations via email was inefficient, and Villafaña 
wanted “to have a meeting where we sat down and just 
finalized things. And what I meant by off campus is, 
sometimes people feel better if you go to a neutral 
location” for a face-to-face meeting. 
On the morning of Monday, September 17, 2007, the 
USAO supervisor who was taking over Lourie’s duties 
as manager of the West Palm Beach office asked 
Villafaña for an update on the plea negotiations, and 
she forwarded to him the email she had sent to 
Lefkowitz the previous afternoon. Villafaña told the 
manager, “As you can see . . . there are a number of 
things in their last draft that were unacceptable. All of 
the loopholes that I sewed up they tried to open.” 
Shortly thereafter, Villafaña alerted the new manager, 
Acosta, and Lourie that she had just spoken with 
115 Lefkowitz was based in New York City but traveled to Miami 
in connection with the case. 

113a 
Lefkowitz, who advised that Epstein was leaning 
towards a plea to state charges under a non-prosecu-
tion agreement, and she would be forwarding to 
Lefkowitz “our last version of the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement.” Acosta asked that Villafaña “make 
sure they know it[’]s only a draft” and reminded her 
that “[t]he form and language may need polishing.” 
Villafaña responded, “Absolutely. There were a lot of 
problems with their last attempt. They tried to re-open 
all the loopholes that I had sewn shut.” Villafaña sent 
to Lefkowitz the draft NPA that she had provided to 
Lefcourt on September 11, 2007, noting that it was the 
“last version” and would “avoid [him] having to 
reinvent the wheel.” She also updated the FBI case 
agents on the status of negotiations, noting that she 
had told her “chain of command . . . that we are still on 
for the [September] 25th [to bring charges] . . . , no 
matter what.” 
After receiving the draft NPA, Lefkowitz asked 
Villafaña to provide for his review a factual proffer for 
a federal obstruction of justice charge, and, with 
respect to the NPA option, asked, “[I]f we go that route, 
would you intend to make the deferred [sic] prosecu-
tion agreement public?” Villafaña replied that while a 
federal plea agreement would be part of the court file 
and publicly accessible, the NPA “would not be made 
public or filed with the Court, but it would remain part 
of our case file. It probably would be subject to a FOIA 
[Freedom of Information Act] request, but it is not 
something that we would distribute without compulsory 
process.”116 Villafaña told OPR that she believed 
Epstein did not want the NPA to be made public 
116 FOIA requires disclosure of government records upon 
request unless an exemption applies permitting the government 
to withhold the requested records. See 5 U.S.C. § 552. 

114a 
because he “did not want people to believe him to have 
committed a variety of crimes.” As she explained to 
OPR, Villafaña believed the NPA did not need to be 
disclosed in its entirety, but she anticipated notifying 
the victims about the NPA provisions relating to their 
ability to recover damages. 
E. The Parties Appear to Reach Agreement on 
a Plea to Federal Charges 
Negotiations continued the next day, Tuesday, 
September 18, 2007. Responding to Villafaña’s revised 
draft of the NPA, Lefkowitz suggested that Epstein 
plead to one federal charge with a 12-month sentence, 
followed by one year of supervised release with a 
requirement for home detention and two years of 
state probation, with the first six months of the state 
sentence to be served under community control. 
Villafaña replied, “I know that the U.S. Attorney will 
not go below 18 months of prison/jail time (and I would 
strongly oppose the suggestion).” Shortly thereafter, 
Villafaña emailed Acosta, Lourie, and the incoming 
West Palm Beach manager: 
Hi all – I think that we may be near the end 
of our negotiations with Mr. Epstein, and not 
because we have reached a resolution. As I 
mentioned yesterday, I spent about 12 hours 
over the weekend drafting Informations, 
changing plea agreements, and writing 
factual proffers. I was supposed to receive a 
draft agreement from them yesterday, which 
never arrived. At that time, they were leaning 
towards pleading only to state charges and 
doing all of the time in state custody. 
Late last night I talked to Jay Lefkowitz who 
asked about Epstein pleading to two twelve-

115a 
month federal charges with half of his jail 
time being spent in home confinement 
pursuant to the guidelines. I told him that I 
had no objection to that approach but, in the 
interest of full disclosure, I did not believe 
that Mr. Epstein would be eligible because he 
will not be in Zone A or B.117 This morning Jay 
Lefkowitz called and said that I was correct 
but, if we could get Mr. Epstein down to 14 
months, then he thought he would be eligible. 
My response: have him plead to two separate 
Informations. On the first one he gets 12 
months’ imprisonment and on the second he 
gets twelve months, with six served in home 
confinement, to run consecutively. 
I just received an e-mail asking if Mr. Epstein 
could just do 12 months imprisonment instead. 
As you can see, Mr. Epstein is having second 
thoughts about doing jail time. I would like to 
send Jay Lefkowitz an e-mail stating that if 
we do not have a signed agreement by 
tomorrow at 5:00, negotiations will end. I 
have selected tomorrow at 5:00 because it 
gives them enough time to really negotiate an 
agreement if they are serious about it, and if 
not, it gives me one day before the Jewish 
holiday to get [prepared] for Tuesday . . . 
[September 25] , when I plan to [file charges], 
and it gives the office sufficient time to review 
the indictment package. 
Do you concur? 
117 Sentences falling within Zones A or B of the U.S. Sentencing 
Guidelines permit probation or confinement alternatives to 
imprisonment. 

116a 
A few minutes later, the incoming West Palm Beach 
manager emailed Lourie, suggesting that Lourie “talk 
to Epstein and close the deal.”118 
Within moments, Lourie replied to the manager, 
with a copy to Villafaña, reporting that he had just 
spoken with Lefkowitz and agreed “to two fed[eral] 
obstruction[] charges (24 month cap) with nonbinding 
recommendation for 18 months. When [Epstein] gets 
out, he has to plead to state offenses, including against 
minor, registrable, and then take one year house 
arrest/community confinement.” By reply email, 
Villafaña asked Lourie to call her, but there is no 
record of whether they spoke. 
F. Defense Counsel Offers New Proposals 
Substantially Changing the Terms of the 
Federal Plea Agreement, which the USAO 
Rejects 
Approximately an hour after Lourie’s email reporting 
the deal he had reached with Lefkowitz, Lefkowitz 
sent Villafaña a revised draft plea agreement. Despite 
the agreement Lourie believed he and Lefkowitz had 
reached that morning, Lefkowitz’s proposal would 
have resulted in a 16-month federal sentence followed 
by 8 months of supervised release served in the form 
of home detention. Lefkowitz also inserted a statement 
in his proposal explicitly prohibiting the USAO from 
requesting, initiating, or encouraging immigration 
authorities to institute immigration proceedings against 
two of Epstein’s female assistants. 
118 The manager told OPR that he probably meant this as a joke 
because in his view the continued back-and-forth communications 
with defense counsel “was ridiculous,” and the only way to “get 
this deal done” might be to have a direct conversation with Epstein. 

117a 
Villafaña circulated the defense’s proposed plea 
agreement to Lourie and two other supervisors, and 
expressed frustration that the new defense version 
incorporated terms that were “completely different 
from what Jay just told Andy they would agree to.” 
Villafaña also pointed out that the defense “wants us 
to recommend an improper calculation” of the sentencing 
guidelines and had added language waiving the 
preparation of a presentence investigation (PSI) “so he 
can keep all of his information confidential. I have 
already told Jay that the PSI language . . . was 
unacceptable to our office.” Of even greater significance, in 
a follow-up email, Villafaña noted that the defense had 
removed both the requirement that Epstein plead to a 
registrable offense and the entire provision relating to 
monetary damages under 18 U.S.C. § 2255. 
In the afternoon, Villafaña circulated her own 
proposed “hybrid” plea agreement, first internally to 
the management team with a note stating that it 
“contains the 18/12 split that Jay and Andy agreed to,” 
and then to Lefkowitz. Regarding the prosecution of 
other individuals, she included the following provision: 
“This agreement resolves the federal criminal liability 
of the defendant and any co-conspirators in the 
Southern District of Florida growing out of any 
criminal conduct by those persons known to the 
[USAO] as of the date of this plea agreement,” 
including but not limited to the conspiracy to solicit 
minors to engage in prostitution. 
In her email to Lefkowitz, transmitting the plea 
agreement, Villafaña wrote: 
Could you share the attached draft with your 
colleagues. It is in keeping with what Andy 
communicated to me was the operative “deal.” 
The U.S. Attorney hasn’t had a chance to 

118a 
review all of the language, but he agrees with 
it in principle. 
. . . . 
[The West Palm Beach manager] and I will 
both be available at 2:00. . . . One of my 
suggestions is going to be (again) that we all 
sit down together in the same room, including 
Barry [Krischer] and/or Lanna [Belohlavek], 
so we can hash out the still existing issues 
and get a signed document. 
Villafaña also emailed Acosta directly, telling him 
she planned to meet with Epstein’s attorneys to work 
on the plea agreement, and asking if Acosta would be 
available to provide final approval. Acosta replied, “I 
don’t think I should be part of negotiations. I’d rather 
leave it to you if that’s ok.” Acosta told OPR that 
“absent truly exceptional circumstances,” he believed 
it was important for him “to not get involved” in 
negotiations, and added, “You can meet, like I did in 
September, [to] reaffirm the position of the office, [and] 
back your AUSA, but ultimately, I think your trial 
lawyer needs discretion to do their job.” Villafaña told 
OPR, however, that she did not understand Acosta to 
be giving her discretion to conduct the negotiations as 
she saw fit; rather, she believed Acosta did not want to 
engage in face-to-face negotiations because “he wanted 
to have an appearance of having sort of an arm’s 
length from the deal.”119 Villafaña replied to Acosta’s 
119 As noted throughout the Report, Villafaña’s interpretation 
of her supervisors’ motivations for their actions often differed 
from the supervisors’ explanations for their actions. Because it 
involved subjective interpretations of individuals’ motivations, 
OPR does not reach conclusions regarding the subjects’ differing 
views but includes them as an indication of the communication 

119a 
message, “That is fine. [The West Palm Beach manager] 
and I will nail everything down, we just want to get a 
final blessing.” 
Negotiations continued throughout the day on 
Wednesday, September 19, 2007, with Villafaña and 
Lefkowitz exchanging emails regarding the factual 
proffer for a plea and the scheduling of a meeting to 
finalize the plea agreement’s terms. During that 
exchange, Villafaña made clear to Lefkowitz that the 
time for negotiating was reaching an end: 
I hate to have to be firm about this, but we 
need to wrap this up by Monday. I will not 
miss my [September 25 charging] date when 
this has dragged on for several weeks already 
and then, if things fall apart, be left in a less 
advantageous position than before the nego-
tiations. I have had an 82-page pros memo 
and 53-page indictment sitting on the shelf 
since May to engage in these negotiations. 
There has to be an ending date, and that date 
is Monday. 
Early that afternoon, Lourie—who was participating 
in the week’s negotiations from his new post at the 
Department in Washington, D.C.—asked Villafaña to 
furnish him with the last draft of the plea agreement 
she had sent to defense counsel, and she provided him 
with the “18/12 split” draft she had sent to Lefkowitz 
the prior afternoon. After reviewing that draft, Lourie 
told Villafaña it was a “[g]ood job” but he questioned 
certain provisions, including whether the USAO’s 
agreement to suspend the investigation and hold 
all legal process in abeyance should be in the plea 
issues that hindered the prosecution team. See Chapter Two, Part 
Three, Section V.E. 

120a 
agreement. Villafaña told Lourie that she had added 
that paragraph at the “insistence” of the defense, and 
opined, “I don’t think it hurts us.” Villafaña explained 
to OPR that she held this view because “Alex and 
people above me had already made the decision that if 
the case was resolved we weren’t going to get the 
computer equipment.” 
At 3:44 p.m. that afternoon, Lefkowitz emailed a 
“redline” version of the federal plea agreement 
showing his new revisions, and noted that he was “also 
working on a deferred [sic] prosecution agreement 
because it may well be that we cannot reach agree-
ment here.” The defense redline version required 
Epstein to plead guilty to a federal information 
charging two misdemeanor counts of attempt to 
intentionally harass a person to prevent testimony, the 
pending state indictment charging solicitation of 
prostitution, and a state information charging one 
count of coercing a person to become a prostitute, in 
violation of Florida Statute § 796.04 (without regard 
to age). Neither of the proposed state offenses required 
sexual offender registration. Epstein would serve an 
18-month sentence and a concurrent 60 months on 
probation on the state charges. The redline version 
again deleted the provisions relating to damages 
under 18 U.S.C. § 2255 and replaced it with the 
provision requiring creation of a trust administered by 
the state court. It retained language proposed by 
Villafaña, providing that the plea agreement “resolves 
the federal criminal liability of the defendant and any 
co-conspirators in the Southern District of Florida 
growing out of any criminal conduct by those persons 
known to the [USAO] as of the date of this plea 
agreement,” but also re-inserted the provision 
promising not to prosecute Epstein’s assistants and 
the statement prohibiting the USAO from requesting, 

121a 
initiating, or encouraging immigration proceedings. It 
also included a provision stating the government’s 
agreement to forgo a presentence investigation and a 
promise by the government to suspend the investiga-
tion and withdraw all pending legal process. 
*  *  * 
[79] I think Jay [Lefkowitz] will try to talk you out 
of a registrable offense. Regardless of the 
merits of his argument, in order to get us 
down in time they made us an offer that 
included pleading to an offense against a 
minor (encouraging a minor into prostitution) 
and touted that we should be happy because 
it was registrable. For that reason alone, I 
don’t think we should consider allowing them 
to come down from their own offer, either on 
this issue or on time of incarceration. 
Lefkowitz attempted to reach Acosta that night, but 
Acosta directed Villafaña to return the call, and told 
Lourie that he did not want to open “a backchannel” 
with defense counsel. Lourie instructed Villafaña,  
“U can tell [J]ay that [A]lex will not agree to a 
nonregistration offense.” 
On the morning of Friday, September 21, 2007, 
Villafaña emailed Acosta informing him that “it looks 
like we will be [filing charges against] Mr. Epstein on 
Tuesday,” reporting that the charging package was 
being reviewed by the West Palm Beach manager, and 
asking if anyone in the Miami office needed to review 
it. Villafaña also alerted Lourie that she had spoken 
that morning to Lefkowitz, who “was waffling” about 
Epstein pleading to a state charge that required 
sexual offender registration, and she noted that she 

122a 
would confer with Krischer and Belohlavek “to make 
sure the defense doesn’t try to do an end run.” 
That same morning, Epstein attorney Sanchez, who 
had not been involved in negotiations for several 
weeks, emailed Sloman, advising, “[I] want to finalize 
the plea deal and there is only one issue outstanding 
and [I] do not believe that [A]lex has read all the 
defense submissions that would assist in his deter-
mination on this point . . . [U]pon resolution, we will be 
prepared to sign as soon as today.” From his out-of-
town vacation, Sloman forwarded the email to Acosta, 
who replied, “Enjo[y] vacation. Working with [M]arie 
on this.” Sloman also forwarded Sanchez’s email to 
Lourie and asked, “Do you know what she’s talking 
about?” Lourie responded that Sanchez “has not been 
in any negotiations. Don’t even engage with yet 
another cook.” 
J. The USAO Agrees Not to Criminally Charge 
“Potential Co-Conspirators” 
Lefkowitz, in the meantime, sent Villafaña a revised 
draft NPA that proposed an 18-month sentence in the 
county jail, followed by 12 months of community 
control, and restored the provision for a trust fund for 
disbursement to an agreed-upon list of individuals 
“who seek reimbursement by filing suit pursuant to  
U.S.C. § 2255.” This defense draft retained the 
provision promising not to criminally charge Epstein’s 
four female assistants and unnamed employees of the 
specific Epstein-owned corporate entity, but also extended 
the provision to “any potential co-conspirators” for any 
criminal charge arising from the ongoing federal 
investigation. This language had evolved from similar 
language that Villafaña had included in the USAO’s 

123a 
earlier proposed draft federal plea agreement.122 
Lefkowitz also again included the sentence precluding 
the government from requesting, initiating, or recom-
mending immigration proceedings against the two 
assistants who were foreign nationals. 
At this point, Lefkowitz again sought to speak to 
Acosta, who replied by email: “I am happy to talk. My 
caveat is that in the middle of negotiations, u try to 
avoid[] undermining my staff by allowing ‘interlocutor[]y’ 
appeals so to speak so I’d want [M]arie on the call[.] I’ll 
have her set something up.” 
Villafaña sent to Lefkowitz her own revised NPA, 
telling him it was her “attempt at combining our 
thoughts,” but it had not “been approved by the office 
yet.” She inserted solicitation of minors to engage in 
prostitution, a registrable offense, as the charge to 
which Epstein would plead guilty; proposed a joint 
recommendation for a 30-month sentence, divided 
into 18 months in the county jail and 12 months 
of community control; and amended the § 2255 
provision.123 Villafaña’s revision retained the provision 
suspending the investigation and holding all legal 
process in abeyance, and she incorporated the non-
prosecution provision while slightly altering it to apply 
122 The language in the USAO’s draft federal plea agreement 
stated, “This agreement resolves the federal criminal liability of 
the defendant and any co-conspirators in the Southern District of 
Florida growing out of any criminal conduct by those persons 
known to the [USAO] . . . .” 
123 Villafaña noted that she had consulted with a USAO 
employee who was a “former corporate counsel from a hospital” 
about the § 2255 language, and thought that the revised language 
“addresses the concern about having an unlimited number of 
claimed victims, without me trying to bind girls who I do not 
represent.” 

124a 
to “any potential co-conspirator of Epstein, including” 
the four named assistants, and deleting mention of the 
corporate entity employees. Finally, Villafaña deleted 
mention of immigration proceedings, but advised in 
her transmittal email that “we have not and don’t plan 
to ask immigration” proceedings to be initiated.124 
Later that day, Villafaña alerted Lourie (who had 
arrived in Florida from Washington, D.C. early that 
afternoon) and the new West Palm Beach manager 
(copying her first-line supervisor and co-counsel) that 
she had included language that defense counsel had 
requested “regarding promises not to prosecute other 
people,” and commented, “I don’t think it hurts us.” 
There is no documentation that Lourie, the West Palm 
Beach manager, or anyone else expressed disagreement 
with Villafaña’s assessment. Rather, within a few 
minutes, Villafaña re-sent her email, adding that 
defense counsel was persisting in including an 
immigration waiver in the agreement, to which Lourie 
responded, “No way. We don’t put that sort of thing 
in a plea agreement.” Villafaña replied to Lourie, 
indicating she would pass that along to defense 
counsel and adding, “Any other thoughts?” When 
Lourie gave no further response, Villafaña informed 
defense counsel that Lourie had rejected the proposed 
immigration language. 
OPR questioned the subjects about the USAO’s 
agreement not to prosecute “any potential co-
124 Villafaña gave OPR an explanation similar to that given by 
the case agents—that an ICE Special Agent had been involved 
in the early stages of the federal investigation of Epstein, and 
Villafaña believed the agent knew two of Epstein’s female 
assistants were foreign nationals and would have acted appropri-
ately on that information. Villafaña also said that the USAO 
generally did not get involved in immigration issues. 

125a 
conspirators.” Lourie did not recall why the USAO 
agreed to it, but he speculated that he left that 
provision in the NPA because he believed at the time 
that it benefited the government in some way. In 
particular, Lourie conjectured that the promise not to 
prosecute “any potential co-conspirators” protected 
victims who had recruited others and thus potentially 
were co-conspirators in Epstein’s scheme. Lourie also 
told OPR, “I bet the answer was that we weren’t going 
to charge” Epstein’s accomplices, because Acosta 
“didn’t really want to charge Epstein” in federal court. 
Sloman similarly said that he had the impression that 
the non-prosecution provision was meant to protect 
named co-conspirators who were also victims, “in a 
sense,” of Epstein’s conduct. Although later press 
coverage of the Epstein case focused on Epstein’s 
connection to prominent figures and suggested that 
the non-prosecution provision protected these individuals, 
Sloman told OPR that it never occurred to him that 
the reference to potential co-conspirators was directed 
toward any of the high-profile individuals who were at 
the time or subsequently linked with Epstein.125 
Acosta did not recall the provision or any discussions 
about it. He speculated that if he read the non-
prosecution provision, he likely assumed that Villafaña 
and Lourie had “thought this through” and “addressed 
it for a reason.” The West Palm Beach manager, who 
had only limited involvement at this stage, told OPR 
that the provision was “highly unusual,” and he had 
“no clue” why the USAO agreed to it. 
Villafaña told OPR that, apart from the women 
named in the NPA, the investigation had not developed 
125 Sloman also pointed out that the NPA was not a “global 
resolution” and other co-conspirators could have been prosecuted 
“by any other [U.S. Attorney’s] office in the country.” 

126a 
evidence of “any other potential co-conspirators. So, . . 
. we wouldn’t be prosecuting anybody else, so why not 
include it? . . . I just didn’t think that there was 
anybody that it would cover.” She conceded, however, 
that she “did not catch the fact that it could be read as 
broadly as people have since read it.” 
K. The USAO Rejects Defense Efforts to 
Eliminate the Sexual Offender Registration 
Requirement 
On the afternoon of Friday, September 21, 2007, 
State Attorney Krischer informed Villafaña that 
Epstein’s counsel had contacted him and Epstein was 
ready to agree “to all the terms” of the NPA—except 
for sexual offender registration. According to Krischer, 
defense counsel had proposed that registration be 
deferred, and that Epstein register only if state or 
federal law enforcement felt, at any point during his 
service of the sentence, that he needed to do so. 
Krischer noted that he had “reached out” to Acosta 
about this proposal but had not heard back from him. 
Villafaña responded, “I think Alex is calling you now.” 
Villafaña told OPR that, to her knowledge, Acosta 
called Krischer to tell him that registration was not a 
negotiable term.126 
Later that afternoon, Villafaña emailed Krischer for 
information about the amount of “gain time” Epstein 
would earn in state prison. Villafaña explained in her 
email that she wanted to include a provision in the 
NPA specifying that Epstein “will actually be in jail at 
least a certain number of days to make sure he doesn’t 
try to ‘convince’ someone with the Florida prison 
126 Krischer told OPR that he did not recall meeting or having 
interactions with Acosta regarding the Epstein case or any other 
matter. 

127a 
authorities to let him out early.” Krischer responded 
that under the proposal as it then stood, Epstein would 
serve 15 months. He also told Villafaña that a plea to 
a registrable offense would not prevent Epstein from 
serving his time “at the stockade”—the local minimum 
security detention facility.127 
*  *  * 
[139] authority to deviate from the Ashcroft Memo’s 
“most serious readily provable offense” requirement. 
Although Acosta could not recall specifically how or 
by whom the decision was made to allow Epstein to 
plead to only one of the three charges identified on the 
original term sheet, or how or by whom the decision 
was made to reduce the sentencing requirement from 
two years to 18 months, Acosta was aware of these 
changes. He reviewed and approved the final NPA 
before it was signed. Department policy gave him the 
discretion to approve the agreement, notwithstanding 
any arguable failure to comply with the “most serious 
readily provable offense” requirement. Furthermore, 
the Ashcroft Memo does not appear to preclude a U.S. 
Attorney from deferring to a state prosecution, so it is 
not clear that the Memo’s terms apply to a situation 
involving state charges. Accordingly, OPR concludes 
that the negotiation of an agreement that allowed 
Epstein to resolve the federal investigation in return 
for the imposition of an 18-month state sentence did 
127 The State Attorney concluded his email: “Glad we could get 
this worked out for reasons I won’t put in writing. After this is 
resolved I would love to buy you a cup at Starbucks and have a 
conversation.” Villafaña responded, “Sounds great.” When asked 
about this exchange during her OPR interview, Villafaña said: 
“Everybody 

128a 
not violate a clear and unambiguous standard and 
therefore does not constitute professional misconduct. 
2. The USAO’s Agreement Not to Prosecute 
Unidentified “Potential Co-Conspirators” 
Did Not Violate a Clear and Unambiguous 
Department Policy 
Several witnesses told OPR that they believed the 
government’s agreement not to prosecute unidentified 
“potential co-conspirators” amounted to “transactional 
immunity,” which the witnesses asserted is prohibited 
by Department policy. Although “use immunity” pro-
tects a witness only against the government’s use of 
his or her immunized testimony in a prosecution of 
the witness, and is frequently used by prosecutors, 
transactional immunity protects a witness from 
prosecution altogether and is relatively rare. 
OPR found no policy prohibiting a U.S. Attorney 
from declining to prosecute third parties or providing 
transactional immunity. One section of the USAM 
related to immunity but applied only to the exchange 
of “use immunity” for the testimony of a witness who 
has asserted a Fifth Amendment privilege. See USAM 
§ 9-23.100 et seq. Statutory provisions relating to 
immunity also address the same context. See 18  
U.S.C. § 6002; 21 U.S.C. § 884. Moreover, apart from 
voluntariness or enforceability concerns, courts have 
not suggested that a prosecutor’s promise not to 
prosecute a third party amounts to an inappropriate 
exercise of prosecutorial discretion. See, e.g., Marquez, 
909 F.2d at 741-43; Kemp, 760 F.2d at 1248; Stinson, 
839 So. 2d at 909; Frazier, 697 So. 2d 945. OPR found 
no clear and unambiguous standard that was violated 
by the USAO’s agreement not to prosecute “potential 
co-conspirators,” and therefore cannot conclude that 
negotiating or approving this provision violated a clear 

129a 
and unambiguous standard or constituted professional 
misconduct. 
Notwithstanding this finding, in Section IV of this 
Part, OPR includes in its criticism of Acosta’s decision 
to approve the NPA his approval of this provision 
without considering its potential consequences, includ-
ing to whom it would apply. 
*  *  * 
[140] 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. United States, No. 24-1073 (U.S. 2025) (petition for cert.)__20250424150144637_24-__PetitionForWritOfCertiorari.txt ====================
