

==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__001-01.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 001-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 1 of 10
CIVIL RICO CASE STATEMENT 
PURSUANT TO LOCAL RULE 12.1 
1. Plaintiff M.J. alleges a violation of Florida Statutes §§ 772.103(3) (participation in an 
enterprise through a criminal activity) and 772.103(4) (conspiracy to do so). The following 
information describes both the § 772. 103(3) claim and the § 772.103( 4) conspiracy claim, 
with the additional note that the conspiracy was between defendant Jeffrey Epstein, Sarah 
Kellen, Nadia Marcinkova, Ghislaine Maxwell, Jean Luc Brunel and other persons whose 
identity is, at this time, unknown to M.J.. 
Epstein, Kellen, Marcinkova and others all 
conspired together to violate the provisions of § 772 .103(3 ), doing so willfully and with full 
knowledge of the criminal activities that were planned as part of the criminal enterprise. For 
convenience in this statement, Florida Statutes§§ 772.103(3) and (4) will be referred to as 
the "Florida Civil RICO provisions." 
2. Epstein served as the leader, boss, and "C.E.O." of the criminal enterprise. 
He also 
criminally sexually abused and prostituted M.J. and other minor girls who were victims of 
the criminal enterprise. He also paid for Kellen and Marcinkova and numerous other 
associates to be a part of the enterprise and conspired with them to commit criminal acts of 
sexual abuse and prostitution of minors. The basis for Epstein's liability is also described in 
M.J. 's complaint. 
3. The other wrongdoers and criminal participants included Nadia Marcinkova, Ghislaine 
Maxwell, and Jean Luc Brunel. (M.J. is uncertain as to the precise spelling of their names 
and their full legal names.) 
They assisted defendant Jeffrey Epstein in recruiting and 
procuring minor girls to satisfy Epstein's criminal sexual purposes and for prostitution, as 
described in MJ's complaint, and to satisfy their own sexual interests. For example, to 
further the interests of the local Palm Beach chapter of this expansive criminal enterprise 
they helped to arrange for minor girls to travel to Epstein's West Palm Beach mansion to 
satisfy his sexual desires for minor girls. 
Kellen, Marcinkova and many others also 
conspired with Epstein to commit acts of sexual abuse and prostitution with minor girls and 
aided and abetted Epstein in the abuse and prostitution. 
Kellen, Marcinkova and other 
members of this criminal organization had full knowledge of the crimes of the enterprise; 
they knew full well that the girls who were coming to Epstein's mansion were minors and 
that Epstein was sexually abusing and prostituting these minors, some of whom were as 
young as 12. Kellen and Marcinkova willfully and knowingly participated in the activities of 
the enterprise and intended to make the criminal activities of the enterprise succeed. Among 
other things, Kellen helped arrange for recruiters of the minor girls. 
She also spoke 
personally to the recruiters as well as to the minor girls who were victims of Epstein's sexual 
abuse. At Epstein's specific direction, Kellen spoke to the recruiters about subjects such as 
finding more minor girls to satisfy Epstein's criminal sexual appetite. Kellen also served as 
Epstein's scheduler, scheduling appointments for the minor girls to ostensibly do "work" 
when in fact (as she well knew) she was scheduling them to be sexually abused and 
prostituted by Epstein. Kellen thus procured minor girls for prostitution and caused them to 
be prostituted and the term "work" was a code or slang word used by the various criminal 
enterprise members to avoid detection by law enforcement. Marcinkova, who is known to be 
Epstein's bisexual sex slave, also directly participated in the sexual abuse of the minor girls 
by participating in unlawful sexual activities and prostitution with the girls. Both Kellen and 
Marcinkova assisted Epstein in attempting to keep Epstein's criminal sexual abuse unknown 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 2 of 10
to law enforcement and other authorities and in discouraging the minor girls from reporting 
the crimes to law enforcement and other authorities. Maxwell and Brunel participated by 
helping to create the impression that the girls would be going to meet with Epstein for 
legitimate "modeling" purposes. Maxwell and Brunel specifically intended to have Epstein 
abuse the girls and acted with full awareness of Epstein's intentions. Both Brunel and 
Maxwell recruited minor females for Epstein as well as for themselves in an effort to further 
the goals of the criminal organization - to sexually abuse and molest underage minor females 
and avoid detection of law enforcement. 
Brunel used his modeling agency to locate 
underage girls for Epstein and others to sexually abuse. 
Maxwell personally brought 
underage girls to Epstein for him to sexually abuse, she also presented him with underage 
girls for him to maintain as sex slaves and to travel the globe with him and others, 
prostituting underage sex slaves to others. 
Maxwell was also a participant in sexually 
abusing minor females. 
Maxwell served many additional purposes for the criminal 
organization and was highly ranked within the organization, thus she was able to act on her 
own accord, without needing orders from Epstein. Maxwell's roles and actions on behalf of 
the criminal enterprise have included but not been limited to: procuring minor females for her 
and Epstein and others to sexually abuse, hiring personnel to work for Epstein and for the 
various positions in the criminal organization, developing relationships with politically 
connected individuals to protect the organization, managing and organizing the records of the 
enterprise, maintaining computer records and images of underage minor females with their 
names and phone numbers, threatening witnesses who have information that could hurt the 
enterprise, and assisting Epstein and other members of the criminal enterprise to continue the 
criminal activity of the organization and avoid law enforcement detection or prosecution. 
4. The names of all of the victims are unknown to the plaintiff at this time. However, they 
include M.J. herself as well as the victims in the multitude of other civil cases, both filed and 
unfiled, against Epstein. A list of more than 30 such minor female victims was previously 
provided by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida to Epstein (but 
not to M.J.). 
The injuries to those victims resulted from criminal sexual activity and 
prostitution with Epstein and Marcinkova and at times Maxwell. The injuries they suffered 
are like those suffered by M.J. in this action, as described in her complaint. For example, 
M.J. and the other victims suffered grave emotional distress and financial injury from being 
forced to engage in unlawful sexual activities with him to which, as minors, they could not 
lawfully consent, and from being introduced into a deviant sexual lifestyle. 
They also 
suffered distress and financial injury from being prostituted by him. 
5. The pattern of racketeering and/or criminal activity is also described in the complaint, which 
M.J. incorporates by reference into this statement here and at all other points in the statement. 
The criminal activity included Epstein using paid employees and underlings (including 
Kellen and Marcinkova) to repeatedly find, procure, and bring to him minor girls in order for 
Epstein to solicit, induce, coerce, entice, compel or force these minor girls to engage in 
unlawful sexual activity and acts of prostitution and Epstein using Ghislaine Maxwell and 
Jean Luc Brunel and others yet unnamed to create the impression that he was involved in 
legitimate modeling and other activities. 
a. The criminal activity and specific statutes violated are listed in the complaint and 
include, but are not necessarily limited to: (i) procuring for prostitution, or causing to 
be prostituted, minors, in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 796; (ii) acts of battery 
in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 784; (iii) commercial sexual exploitation of a 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 3 of 10
child in violation of Florida Statues § 827.071; and (iv) tampering with a witness in 
violation of Florida Statutes § 914.22. The criminal activities also include violations 
of federal criminal statutes, including sexual trafficking of children by fraud, in 
violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1591, use of a means of interstate commerce to entice a 
minor to commit prostitution, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2422, as well as wire fraud, 
in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1343. 
b. The dates of the events are not fully known to M.J. at this time. However, at a 
minimum, Epstein obtained minor girls (including M.J.) for sexual purposes of the 
period of approximately 1998 through November 2005. 
Epstein could better 
determine than M.J. the precise dates of his abuse of her by reviewing his schedule or 
computer records for this period of time and looking for notations of days on which 
she performed "work" for him. Epstein has pled guilty to two such criminal offenses 
against minor girls, although the total number of indictable or chargeable offenses 
would easily number more than 1000. On each of these occasions, as described in the 
complaint, Epstein would have his underlings, co-conspirators or associates 
(including Kellen) procure a minor girl to satisfy his sexual desires and then would 
satisfy his sexual desires through criminal sexual contact with the minor girls. 
Epstein would also watch Marcinkova or Maxwell sexually abuse the minor girls to 
satisfy his sexual desires. Epstein had a particular interest in minor girls, including 
girls as young as 12. On occasion, he would tum away girls who were 18 or over 
because of his perverse and unlawful sexual interest in young girls. Epstein recruited 
and paid the girls for the sexual activities. In doing so, he procured for prostitution, 
and caused to be prostituted, many young girls under the age of 18, in violation of 
(among other statutes) Florida Statute§ 796.03. The pattern of criminal and unlawful 
sexual activity extended from at least 1998 through November 2005 and upon 
information and belief actually existed and operated in a criminal organizational 
structure for many years prior to 1998. Epstein committed unlawful sexual abuse 
against M.J. at least 20 times between Summer of 2002 to Spring 2004 while she was 
a minor. Other criminal activities involving tampering with and harassing witnesses 
occurred from June 2002 through early 2008 (and perhaps later). 
c. On many of the occasions, the exact dates of which are not as yet determined by the 
M.J., Epstein would represent that he was interested in a "massage" or legitimate 
"work" when in fact he was interested in unlawful sexual activity with the minor 
girls, including fondling the girls, masturbating in their presence, and vaginally 
penetrating them or causing them to be penetrated. Epstein and others acting under 
his direction falsely represented to the minor girls that he was interested in a 
"massage" or "work" when in fact he was interested in procuring the girls for 
unlawful sexual activity and acts of prostitution. Epstein and others acting under his 
direction used means of interstate communications to 
make these false 
representations, including cellular telephones. Similar to all known crime families or 
criminal organizations that operate to commit crimes, this criminal enterprise made 
use of seemingly innocuous code words such as "message" and "work" to describe 
the continuous criminal activity of procuring underage girls to sexually molest, abuse 
and exploit. 
d. Epstein has pied guilty to two Florida felony criminal offenses against minor girls, as 
alleged in the complaint and Epstein is a Registered Sexual Offender for life. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 4 of 10
e. The relationship of the criminal activity to the enterprise is also described in the 
complaint. The Florida offenses to which Epstein pied guilty are but a few of the 
many instances of his plan succeeding. The acts are all related to each other, are 
arranged, and are part of common plan for these reasons: they have the same intent 
(to gratify Epstein's unlawful sexual interest in minor girls as well as to gratify the 
unlawful sexual interests in minor girls of others at times); the same results (the 
unlawful sexual abuse and prostitution of minor girls); the same accomplices 
(including Kellen and frequently Marcinkova, Maxwell, and Brunel); the same 
victims (M.J. was herself victimized more than 20 times, and many other girls were 
also victimized repeatedly); the same means (there was a standard payment of several 
hundred dollars for going to the mansion, and standard escalation feature depending 
on the nature of the sexual acts that Epstein performed); the same methods of 
commission (Epstein obtained young, skinny, and attractive girls to satisfy his sexual 
desires while they were economically disadvantaged and lacked a stable family life 
and therefore, he perceived, would be interested in obtaining money and unlikely to 
report his crimes to law enforcement); and the same frequency (remarkably Epstein's 
criminal enterprise operated constantly to procure underage minor females to be 
sexually abused by Epstein every single day, oftentimes 2 or 3 different underage 
females in a single day). The acts were also interrelated by common characteristics, 
namely the identity of the perpetrator (Epstein and often Marcinkova or sometimes 
Maxwell) and the common results of his crimes (sexual abuse and acts of prostitution 
with minor girls). The acts also constituted a clear pattern of criminal activity, 
including giving the impression to the girls who were being recruited that they would 
have legitimate modeling opportunities. 
6. The criminal acts of Epstein occurred repeatedly over a substantial period of time and were 
not isolated events. In particular, Epstein committed repeated (more than 20) criminal acts of 
sexual abuse against M.J. from approximately Summer 2002 to Spring 2004. He committed 
similar criminal acts of unlawful sexual activity and prostitution against other minor girls for 
a period of time from at least 1998 to November 2005. The acts occurred frequently during 
this time, so frequently that it is impossible to calculate how many different illegal sexual 
acts were committed by Epstein and his criminal enterprise, but it is fair to say that serious 
felonies were committed by this criminal organization on an everyday basis. The acts were 
part of Epstein's regular way of doing business (e.g., obtaining sexual gratification from 
minors) during this period of time. Epstein and others acting at his direction (including 
Kellen) made hundreds of telephone calls in furtherance of these illegal activities. The 
sexual acts against minors may have temporarily ceased in approximately November 2005 
when Epstein learned that law enforcement authorities were investigating his crimes. Given 
Epstein's long history of sexually abusing minors and the frequency at which he has done so 
and the fact that despite his arrest and jail sentence his criminal organization remains intact, it 
is highly likely that he will continue his sexual desires for minor girls. In addition, Epstein 
committed criminal acts of tampering with witnesses in violation of Florida Statutes § 
914.22. 
For example, Epstein paid the minor girls money not only with the intent to 
prostitute them but also with the specific intent of causing the minor girls not to 
communicate to law enforcement officers information about the sexual abuse committed 
against them. Epstein made bigger payments to the minor girls depending on the degree of 
force he used towards them, making larger payments when he was more concerned about the 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 5 of 10
fact they might report the crimes committed against them. Without specifically detailing acts 
committed against certain known minors, Epstein has paid $1000 on occasion after forcibly 
holding the head of a minor down and pumping his penis inside her against her will. Epstein 
has also intimidated and reprimanded his co-conspirators and associates for any cooperating 
with law enforcement and has made it known that his associates must stay loyal to the 
criminal enterprise above all else. These obstructions may interfere with the ability of law 
enforcement to discover and prosecute all of Epstein's crimes. They may likewise interfere 
with the ability of M.J. to discover all of the information supporting her claim. Epstein also 
selected impoverished girls for his crimes, believing that the payments would be more 
effective in obtaining their silence and that their economic circumstances might make them 
less likely to report to law enforcement. If all else failed, after having unlawful sex with the 
minor girls, Epstein would tell them not to tell anyone about their unlawful encounter or "bad 
things" would happen. In addition, since November 2005 and through the early part of 2008 
(and perhaps later), Epstein and others acting at his direction have attempted to discourage 
the victims of his crimes from reporting his crimes and cooperating with law enforcement. 
For example, persons acting at the direction of Epstein have aggressively attempted to 
"interview" the victims or to "tail" the victims in their cars. They also harassed a victim 
shortly before she was to testify at a grand jury investigating Epstein and aggressively 
intimidated a victim to scare her away from proceeding to trial against him. These efforts 
have been made not for legitimate investigative reasons but rather for the purpose of 
discouraging the victims from cooperating with law enforcement (and, in at least one case, 
the investigating grand jury) and from filing civil lawsuits to vindicate their rights. 
7. The enterprise is also described in the complaint, which allegations M.J. expressly 
incorporates into this statement as part of the description of the enterprise. The enterprise 
included, at a minimum, a group of individuals associated in fact to assist Epstein in 
recruiting and procuring minor girls and obtaining criminal gratification of his illegal sexual 
interest in minor girls and at least two individuals (Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel) 
who were free to act independently and advance their own interests, including their own 
sexual interests. 
a. 
The persons constituting the enterprise included a group of individuals associated 
in fact. 
These individuals include Epstein, Sarah Kellen, Nadia Marcinkova, 
Ghislaine Maxwell, and Jean Luc Brunel, as well as other yet unnamed persons 
whose names M.J. intends to identify during the discovery phase of this case. 
b. The criminal enterprise had a definite hierarchal structure, although all the details 
of that structure are not completely know to M.J.. 
Through discovery, M.J. 
intends to ascertain the precise structure of the enterprise that enabled Epstein to 
commit sexual crimes against here. While M.J. does not currently know all of the 
details of the structure, she does know that the enterprise operated together on a 
continuing basis, in an extremely efficient and organized manner, with largely the 
same personnel for a common purpose. The shared purpose of the enterprise was 
to satisfy Epstein's, as well as certain other individual's, illegal interest in having 
sexual activities with minor girls as well. The enterprise was not a mere informal 
conspiracy, but had a definite clear structure. Epstein served effectively as the 
leader, C.E.O. or "Boss" of this organization, directing his various levels of 
underlings how to recruit and procure young girls for his sexual activities and 
when to bring the girls to his mansion as well as how to avoid law enforcement 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 6 of 10
detection. Epstein's key "lieutenant" in the Palm Beach branch of this national 
and possibly international organization was Kellen, who served as both his 
scheduler and a recruiter/procurer of the girls. This was an important function, as 
the recruiting was necessary to satisfy Epstein's desire to abuse a large number of 
different minor girls with different (albeit similar) physical attributes and the 
scheduling was necessary to insure that the minor girls would be brought to 
Epstein's mansion to be sexually abused and prostituted at a time when Epstein 
was there (but not at the same time, when they might learn of other girls' 
identities and possibly become emboldened to report his activities to law 
enforcement.) Scheduling was also necessary to ensure secrecy, so that as few 
persons as possible were aware that minor girls were coming at unusual hours to 
Epstein's mansion. 
Kellen also needed (directly or indirectly) to make 
transportation arrangements for many of the girls, as they were often too young to 
drive themselves to and from the mansion. Marcinkova also served as a recruiter 
and helped Epstein satisfy his criminal sexual desires by, on occasion, directly 
participating in sexual abuse and prostitution of the minor girls. Epstein, Kellen, 
and Marcinkova all took steps to conceal the existence of the enterprise and to 
discourage the girls from reporting the sexual abuse and prostitution to law 
enforcement or other authority figures. Epstein also used otherwise-legitimate 
business activities to help further the purpose of the criminal enterprise. These 
apparently legitimate activities provided "cover" for Epstein and his associates to 
commit the crimes. Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel also helped to 
provide "cover" for the enterprise by creating the impression that there were 
legitimate modeling opportunities and other legitimate opportunities available for 
the girls if they went to see Epstein. Epstein also maintained the appearance of an 
extremely wealthy, upstanding and prominent figure to discourage the minor girls 
from reporting the abuse to law enforcement. To further impress the underage 
minor victims, he would tell them that he was a famous scientist, a brain surgeon, 
an inventor of various products including a state of the art liposuction device. He 
would also brag about the famous people with whom he was good friends. By 
projecting an image of financial power (and, relatedly, strong political 
connections to prominent politicians and current and former government officials 
and personal connections to prominent scientists), Epstein hoped to discourage 
the minor girls from reporting what he was doing to them by making it appear that 
they would not be believed. These business activities helped Epstein secure the 
financial resources to commit the crimes against the minor girls and to pay for 
prostituting them. For example, the activities paid for maintaining the mansion 
where the girls were abused and paid for the cellular telephones and other means 
of communications that were used to recruit and procure the girls. The business 
activities also helped to provide the funds to pay Kellen and Marcinkova large 
sums of money to participate in the illegal enterprise and make payments to the 
girls for performing sexual acts. 
In sum, Epstein and the persons under his 
direction associated in fact and functioned as a continuing unit. This enterprise 
produced a course of conduct that lead to a pattern of criminal activity involving 
more than 100 instances of sexual abuse and prostitution of minor girls. This 
enterprise was the vehicle for Epstein to commit his crimes against M.J. and other 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 7 of 10
minor girls and operated on a continuing basis from June 2002 to November 2005 
(and, in regard to witness tampering and harassment, through at least early 2008). 
The enterprise enabled Epstein to sexually abuse and prostitute M.J. in particular 
on more than 20 occasions from February 2003 through June 2005. 
c. Epstein served as the effective leader or "C.E.O." of the enterprise. 
d. Epstein was associated with the enterprise as its effective leader or "C.E.O." 
e. Epstein directed the affairs of the enterprise and the others in the enterprise 
responded to his commands, although Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel 
acted independently to advance their own interests (including sexual interests) 
along with the interests of Epstein. 
f. 
Based on the facts that she currently possesses, M.J. specifically alleges and 
intends to prove both that (i) Epstein was an individual separate and disctinct 
from the enterprise and ( ii) the defendant was a member of the enterprise, namely 
that he served as the effective leader of the enterprise. With regard to point (i), 
the illegal enterprise had a definite structure and operational function apart from 
Epstein. 
The structure is described in greater detail in this statement in answer 
5.b above. With regard to point (ii), the defendant was a member of the enterprise 
and served to execute many of the decisions and activities of the enterprise and to 
command the execution of others. Epstein personally engaged in sexual abuse of 
minor girls, including M.J .. Epstein also directed others to engage in sexual abuse 
of minor girls, including Marcink:ova. Epstein also procured girls for prostitution 
and caused these girls to be prostituted. Epstein also served as the leader of the 
enterprise. 
g. Epstein was a direct perpetrator of the racketeering activity. In particular, Epstein 
engaged in criminal acts of sexual abuse and prostitution with minor girls, as well 
as procuring girls for prostitution. He also directed others (i.e., Marcinkova) to 
engage in such criminal acts and served as the leader of the criminal enterprise. 
8. The relationship between the pattern of criminal activity and the enterprise is not completely 
known to M.J. at this time, and it is not known how much money or other consideration was 
generated by the enterprise through these illegal means. Through discovery, she intends to 
understand the relationship more fully. At this time, however, as described in addition in the 
complaint and parts 5, 6 and 7 in this statement, there was a criminal entity separate and apart 
from the pattern of activity in which it engaged. The pattern of criminal activity was the 
series of crimes committed by Epstein and others, and includes the specific crimes identified 
in part 5.a. above. 
These offenses were closely related and formed a clear pattern, as 
described in part 5.b above. These acts included acts of sexual abuse and procuring the 
prostitution of minors by Epstein personally and by Marcinkova acting at Epstein's direction. 
In contrast, the enterprise was the group of persons who associated together for the common 
purpose of engaging in the criminal course of conduct described at greater length elsewhere 
in this statement, including part 5.e above. The group of persons included Epstein, Kellen, 
Marcinkova, Maxwell, and Brunel and others whose identity is, at this time, unknown to 
M.J .. 
9. In this part of the statement, M.J. will provide a description of the relationship between the 
otherwise-lawful activities of the enterprise and the criminal activities of the enterprise. The 
lawful and unlawful activities of the enterprise have been described in addition in paragraphs 
through 18 and 42 through 43 of the complaint and previous answers found in parts 5, 6 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 8 of 10
and 7 above (which M.J. expressly incorporates into her answer here). The usual and daily 
activities of the criminal enterprise included scheduling meetings, activities, and other events 
for Epstein - including scheduling "private time" in his mansion for Epstein to commit 
sexual crimes against minor girls. Kellen served as Epstein's scheduler, scheduling both 
otherwise-lawful activities to provide "cover" for Epstein as well as the illegal sexual 
activities. The exact frequency with which the sexual crimes took place varied and is not 
known, at this time, to M.J.. However, when Epstein was in West Palm Beach, it often 
occurred on a weekly or daily basis (and, in some instances, took place on several times 
during a single day). The scheduling was designed to secure a private place in Epstein's 
mansion when few other persons would be present at the mansion, so as to reduce the chance 
of detection of Epstein's sexual abuse and prostitution as well as to make it more difficult for 
the minor girls to report his actions to law enforcement or other authorities. The usual 
activities of the enterprise also included maintaining the mansion and securing means of 
communication (i.e., cellular telephones) to recruit minor girls and procure them for 
prostitution. The activities further included arranging transportation for the girls to and from 
the mansion if it was necessary. The enterprise also attempted to make Epstein appear to be 
an upstanding and law-abiding member of community and a successful businessperson, for 
reasons described in paragraph 6.b above. The enterprise served as the usual way in which 
Epstein would obtain sexual gratification. 
10. Through his criminal enterprise, Epstein received perverse and unlawful sexual gratification 
from sexually abusing minor girls and engaging in acts of prostitution with them. He also 
received perverse sexual gratification from directing others ( e.g., Marcinkova) to sexually 
abuse and prostitute minor girls. 
11. While M.J. 's civil action alleges violations of the Florida Civil RICO statute rather than 
violations of the federal civil RICO statute, it should be noted that means of interstate 
communications were used to perpetrate the crimes against minor girls (including M.J.), 
including cellular and other telephones that Epstein used, or caused to be used, to arrange his 
illegal sexual activities and to recruit additional minor girls to participate in these activities. 
Through his recruitment and procuring of young girls, Epstein's activities directly affected 
interstate commerce. 
12. Based on the information currently known to her, M.J. does not allege that Epstein, who is a 
billionaire banker, used the enterprise to personally make a financial profit or to obtain the 
collection of an unlawful debt, only because that information has not yet been made available 
to MJ. Epstein did, however, make payments to and prostitute the minor girls for the sexual 
gratification that he obtained from them and to discourage them from reporting his crimes to 
law enforcement and other authorities. Epstein also has, through his criminal organization, 
prostitutes underage girls to others, and Epstein and the criminal organization gained 
valuable consideration from that activity, although it is unknown the type and amount of 
remuneration at this time. 
13. Based on the information currently known to her, M.J. does not allege that Epstein, who is a 
billionaire banker, used the enterprise to obtain or maintain control of a business enterprise or 
real property. 
Epstein did, however, use his West Palm Beach mansion (and his various 
other properties including his personal island) to perpetrate the crimes against the then-minor 
girls. He also used his financial success to provide "cover" for his crimes, as described in 
part 6.b above. 
14. The criminal enterprise is described in the complaint and part 6 of this statement above, 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 9 of 10
which description M.J. incorporates here. 
a. The enterprise including persons unknown to M.J., but at least included Epstein and his 
paid assistants Sarah Kellen and Nadia Marcinkova as well as associates of Epstein (who 
were free to act independently and to advance their own interests) Ghislaine Maxwell and 
Jean Luc Brunel 
b. Under the direction of Epstein, Kellen, Marcinkova and others whose names 
are unknown to M.J. arranged for minor girls to come to Epstein's mansion where he 
could sexual abuse them and prostitute them to satisfy his perverse sexual desires, as well 
as the perverse sexual desires of Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel. Kellen and 
Marcinkova were responsible for recruiting the girls and procuring them for prostitution. 
Kellen was also responsible for scheduling a time when both Epstein and the minor girl 
could meet together at Epstein's mansion for the sexual abuse and for making travel 
arrangements (if necessary) for the girls. Kellen was also responsible for ensuring the 
privacy of the room in Epstein's mansion where Epstein would sexually abuse the girls. 
Marcinkova would participate in abusing and prostituting the girls for Epstein's sexual 
gratification. 
Kellen and Marcinkova received payments and other forms of 
compensation from Epstein for performing these illegal activities and for participating in 
the enterprise. Epstein, Kellen, and Marcinkova also all took steps to discourage the girls 
from reporting these crimes to law enforcement, including making cash payments to the 
girls. Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel helped to persuade the girls that legitimate 
modeling opportunities could be had if they went to see Epstein. 
c. As a result of the criminal enterprise, M.J. (then a minor) suffered criminal 
sexual abuse at the hands of Epstein. As alleged in greater detail in the complaint, this 
abuse lead to significant past and future physical injury, pain and suffering, emotional 
distress, psychological trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of self-
esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of privacy, and other damages, including consequential 
damages from Epstein controlling, manipulating and coercing her into a perverse and 
unconventional way of life for a minor. In addition, the time involved in the abuse 
created lost opportunities to pursue other activities (including economic activities) and 
lead to past and future financial and proprietary losses to M.J., as well as the need for 
psychiatric services. M.J. has also suffered a loss of income, a loss of capacity to earn 
income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. It has also lead to the need 
to file this civil suit, with consequent attorney's fees. All of these damages were caused 
by, and proximately caused by, the criminal enterprise and its criminal acts. All of these 
injuries were inflicted directly on M.J. and occurred by reason of the criminal acts of the 
enterprise, including the acts of sexual abuse by Epstein. 
d. The defendant "person" in the Florida Civil RICO action is, at this time, only 
defendant Epstein. 
Defendant Epstein is associated with a criminal enterprise that 
conducted and participated, both directly and indirectly, in a pattern of criminal activity 
in violation of both Florida and federal criminal law. The exact relationship between 
Epstein and the criminal enterprise is described in greater detail in parts 5 and 6 above. 
15. The criminal conspiracy involving the enterprise is described in the complaint as well as 
parts 5, 6, and 7 above. M.J. expressly incorporates that information into her statement here. 
The conspiracy was formed of Epstein, Kellen, Marcinkova, and many others, who agreed to 
arrange for illegal sexual gratification by Epstein through the sexual abuse and prostitution of 
minor girls both by Epstein personally and by others (i.e., Marcinkova) while he watched, as 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 10 of 10
well as to provide illegal sexual gratification to Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel. 
Certain other names of other criminal enterprise members and co-conspirators are known yet 
currently unnamed, and many other names are currently unknown but Plaintiff intends to 
learn the names and roles of all involved in the criminal activity of this enterprise. The many 
enterprise members conspired to commit similar crimes and to conceal those crimes also in 
furtherance of the criminal enterprise. The object and substance of the conspiracy was to 
obtain minor girls for Epstein so that he could satisfy his perverse sexual interest in minor 
girls, to recruit minor girls to be abused and prostituted for his gratification, to keep the 
existence of the sexual abuse from being learned by law enforcement and other authorities, 
and to discourage the victims from reporting the abuse to authorities, as well as to provide 
sexual gratification to Maxwell and Brunel. The conspiracy started in approximately June 
2002 in West Palm Beach, Florida, and other locations. The sexual abuse of the minor girls 
appears to have, at least temporarily, ceased in approximately 2005. 
The conspiracy 
extended beyond November 2005 to early 2008 (and perhaps later) in its efforts to keep the 
criminal conspiracy unknown, as described in part 5.f above. The conspiracy committed 
numerous overt acts. For example, Kellen and Marcinkova arranged for minor girls to be 
brought to Epstein's West Palm Beach mansion so that he could sexually abuse the girls and 
obtain sexual gratification. Epstein sexually abused minor girls at his mansion and made 
payments to them and otherwise prostituted them there. 
16. M.J. suffered injuries, including financial and proprietary injuries, as described in part 13.C 
above. 
17. The enterprise injured M.J. and the other minor girls by enabling Epstein to sexually abuse 
and prostitute the girls. 
18. Defendant Epstein is liable for all the damages for his criminal activity and the activity of his 
criminal enterprise. 
(If additional defendants are added to the complaint, these other 
defendants may also be jointly and severable liable for the damages.) The damages for 
which Epstein is liable include compensatory damages (including damages for emotional 
distress as well as damages for financial and proprietary losses), attorney's fees, and such 
further relief as the Court deems just and proper. 
The amount of these damages is 
significant. These damages are trebled by operation of Florida Statutes 772.104. M.J. is 
aware of the provision in Florida Statutes 772.104(3) ("In no event shall punitive damages be 
awarded under this section"), but is nonetheless entitled to punitive damages by virtue of her 
other counts in her complaint. She is seeking punitive damages for Epstein's outrageous and 
egregious conduct and crimes under other provisions of law in this lawsuit. 
19. All of the above answers must be read in light of the complaint that has been filed in this 
case. M.J. expressly incorporates by reference her complaint as part of the answer to each of 
the above questions. Whenever the word "include" or its variations appears in this statement, 
the information that follows is not intended to be an exclusive listing. 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__001-01.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__001-02.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 001-02.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 1 of 1
~:dS 44 (Rev. 2i08) 
CIVIL COVER SHEET 
The JS 44 civil cover sheet and the information contained herein neither replace n<X supplement the filing and service of pleadings or other papers as required by law, except as provided 
by local rules of court. This form, approved by the Judicial Conference of the United States 10 September 1974, 1s reqmred for the use of the Clerk of Court for the purpose of m1ttatmg 
the civil docket sheet. 
1sEE 1Nsrnucr10Ns ON THE REVERSE OF THE FORM l 
NOTICE: Attorneys MUST Indicate AH Re-filed Cases Below. 
I. (a) PLAINTIFFS 
M.J., 
(b) County of Residence ofFirst Listed Plaintiff Palm Beach County 
(EXCEPT IN lJ.S. PLAINTIFF CASES) 
DEFENDANTS 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH KELLEN 
County of Residence of First Listed Defendant 
/IN U.S. PLAINTIFF CASES ONLY I 
(c) Attorney's (Firm Name. Address, and Telephone Number) 
NOTE: IN LAND CON DEM NATION CASES. USE THE LOCATION OF fHE TRACT 
LAND INVOLVED 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
J:'nrt f :mrlPrrl,iJp J:'J 
111()J 
Attorneys llf Known) 
a 
(d) Check County Where Action Arose 
j MIAMI• DADE 
j 
MONROE 
j 
BROWARD ,t, PALM BEACH 
j 
MARTIN 
j 
ST LUCIE 
j 
INDIAN RIVER 
j 
OKEECHOBEE 
HlGHLANDS 
II. BASIS OF JURJSD ICTION 
(Place an "X" ITT One Box Only) 
Ill. CITIZENSHIP OF PRJNCJP AL P ARTJES1Place an "X" ITT One Box for Pla1TTt,ff 
I 
I 
::J I 
l;.s. Government 
Plamttff 
j 
U.S. Government 
[}efendant 
'J 3 
Federal Question 
{U.S. Government Not a Party) 
✓:J 4 
D1ven,1ty 
(Indicate C1t1zen~h1p of Part1e~ m Item III) 
JV NATURE OF SUIT f Place an "X" m One Box Onlvl 
CONTRACT 
TORTS 
j 
! IO Insurance 
PERSOl':AL INJURY 
PERSOl':AL INJURY 
j 
120 Marine 
.:J 310 Airplane 
j 
362 Personal Injury -
j 
130 M 1!ler Acl 
_'J 315 Airplane Product 
Med. Malpractice 
j 
140 N egot1ab le Instrument 
L1abt!1ty 
j 
365 Personal lnJury 
j 
150 Recovery of Overpayment 
:::J 320 Assault, Libel & 
Product Liability 
& Enforcement of Judgment 
Slander 
:J 
368 Asbestos Personal 
j 
151 M ed1care Act 
j 
330 Federal Employers· 
InJury Product 
j 
152 Recovery of Defaulted 
Liability 
L1ab1hty 
Studeni Loans 
:J 340 Manne 
PERSONAL PROPERTY 
(Exel. Veterans) 
j 
345 Manne Product 
j 
370 Other Fraud 
j 
3 Reco\ ery or O verpdyrnent 
L1abd1ty 
j 
71 Truth m Len<lmg 
of Veteran·::. Benefit::, 
::J 350 Motor Vehicle 
j 
380 Other Personal 
j 
160 Stockholders· Sult:, 
::J 355 Motor Vehicle 
Property Damage 
j 
190 Other Contract 
Product Liability 
j 
385 Property Damage 
j 
195 Contract Product Liability 
IJ 360 Other Personal 
Product Liabillly 
j 
196 Franchise 
In Jury 
REAL PROPERTY 
CIVIL RIGHTS 
PRISONER PETITIONS 
j 
210 Land Condemnatton 
::J 441 Voting 
j 
510 Mot10ns to Vacate 
j 
220 Foreclosure 
.:J 442 Employment 
Sentence 
:J 230 Rent Lease & EJectment 
:J 443 Housmg 
Habeas Corpus: 
'J .240 Torb to Land 
Accommodations 
j 
530 General 
:J 245 Tort Product Liability 
:::J 444 Welfare 
j 
535 Death Penalty 
290 .'\ fl Other Real Property 
.:J 445 Amer. w/O1.:,abl11lles 
c:J 
540 Mandamus & Other 
j 
Employment 
::J 446 Amer 
w D1sabil!t1e:. 
j 
550 Civil Rights 
Oiher 
:J 440 Other Civil Rights 
j 
555 Prn,on Condition 
(For D1vers1ty Cases Only) 
and One Box for Defendant) 
PTF 
DEF 
PTF 
DEF 
C1t1an ofThn, State 
~ 
j 
I 
Incorporated or Pnnc1pal Pla.:e 
:J 
j 
~ 
of Bus mess In Thi~ State 
Cit1Len of Another State 
j 
,/J 
Incorporated and Pnnc1pal Place 
j 
j 
of Bw,mess In Another State 
Citizen or SubJect ofa 
:J 
j 
Foreign Nation 
j 
j 
Foret n C ountr 
FORFEITURE/PENAL TY 
BANKRUPTCY 
OTHER STATUTES 
• I 
j 
! 0 Agriculture 
j 
422 Appeal 2X USC 15H 
j 
400 State Reapportionment 
.:J 
620 Other Food & Drug 
j 
423 Withdrawal 
j 
U Ant1tru~t 
j 
625 Drug Related Se1.rnre 
n use 151 
j 
430 Bank:-, and Bank.mg 
of Property 21 USC 881 
j 
450 Commerce 
:J 
630 Liquor Law~ 
PROPERTY Rlr." ., 
:J 
460 Deportation 
j 
640 R,R. & Truck. 
.'J 820 Copynghts 
:J 
470 Racketeer lntluenced and.~ 
j 
650 Airline Regs. 
j 
830 Patent 
Corrupt O rgan11"at10n:, 
j 
660 Occupat1onal 
j 
840 Trademark 
j 
480 Con:::.umer Credit 
' 
Safety:Hea\th 
j 
490 Cable,Sat TV 
j 
690 Other 
j 
! U Selective Sen ice 
LABOR 
SOCIAL SECCURITY 
j 
850 Secur1t1e:,/Commod1t1e:, 
j 
710 Fair Labor Standards 
j 
861 HIA /13951'1) 
Exchange 
Act 
j 
862 Black Lung (923) 
:J 
875 Customer Challenge 
j 
720 Labor/Mgmt. Relations 
j 
863 DIWC'DIWW i405(g)) 
USC 34 fO 
j 
730 Labor/M gmt.Reportmg 
j 
X64 SSID Title XVI 
j 
}NO Other Statutory Ac11on::. 
& Disclo.:,ure Act 
j 
865 RSI (405(g)) 
j 
l:-:9 I /\gncultural Acts 
j 
740 Railway Labor Act 
FEDERAL TAX SUITS 
c'J 
892 Economic Stabd1Latron Act 
j 
790 Other Labor L1tigat1on 
j 
X70 Taxes (U.S. Plaintiff 
j 
S93 Em ironmental Malter:-
j 
I Empl. ReL Inc. Securit 
or Defendant) 
j 
894 Energy Allocation /\ct 
Act 
:J X7 I IRS 
Third Party 
j 
895 Freedom oflnformat10n Ac.t 
use 7609 
I 
llUI\Jll£'D .. " 
j 
900 Appeal of Fee Determ1nat10'11 
j 
462 Naturalttallon 
U oder Equal Accese'> to Ju:,,uce 
Appllcat10n 
j 
463 Habeas Corpu.'-.-A!ten 
Detainee 
:J 
465 Other [mm1grat10n 
:i 
950 ( 011:-utul1un,-1lu:, ,.)r~tate 
Actions 
Statutes 
V. ORIGIN 
,1J I Original 
Proceeding 
(Pla~'e dn '·X" m One Box Only) 
rJ 2 Removed from 
O 3 
State Court 
Re-filed-
(see VI below) 
C1 
Reinstated or 
Reopened 
Transferred from 
another district 
(specify) 
.'J 6 Multidistrict 
Litigation 
Appeal to District 
Judge from 
Magistrate 
Judgment 
VI. RELATED/RE-FILED 
CASE(S). 
(See 1nstruct10n:-
~econd page)' 
a) Re-filed Case O YES fJ NO 
JUDGE 
b) Related Cases 0 YES '1NO 
DOCKET NUMBER 
Cite the U.S. Civil Statute under which you are filing and Write a Brief Statement of Cause (Do not cite jurisdictional statutes unless 
diversity J: 
VII. CAUSE OF ACTIOI\' 18 USC 2255, Sexual exploitation ofa minor 
VIII. REQUESTED IN 
COMPLAINT: 
LENGTH OF TRIAL via _7 __ days estimated (for both sides to try entire case) 
'.J CHECK IF THIS lS A CLASS ACTION 
DEMAND$ 
UNDER F.R CP 23 
ABOVE INFORMATIO:\ IS TRUE & CORRECT TO 
THE BEST OF MY KNOWLEDGE 
CHECK YES only rf demanded m complarnt: 
Jt:RY DEMA'.'iD: 
,¢ Yes 
CJ 
No 
DAT[ 
9-/ ?- Zo/a 
FOR OFFICE lfSE O:\LY 
AMOU:'-JT 
RECEIPT ff 
If P 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__001-02.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__001-03.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 001-03.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 1 of 2
AO 440 (Rev. 12/09) Summons in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
M.J. 
Plaintiff 
V. 
for the 
Southern District of Florida 
Civil Action No. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH KELLEN 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
Defendant 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: (Defendant's name and address) JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
East 71 st Street 
New York, NY 10021 
A lawsuit has been filed against you. 
Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it) -
or 60 days if you 
are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 12 (a)(2) or (3) -
you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiffs attorney, 
whose name and address are: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. 
You also must file your answer or motion with the court. 
CLERK OF COURT 
Date: 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 2 of 2
AO 440 (Rev. 12/09) Summons in a Civil Action (Page 2) 
Civil Action No. 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(Tit is section should not be filed wit!, the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 4 (1)) 
This summons for (name of individual and title, if any) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
was received by me on (date) 
I personally served the summons on the individual at (place) 
on (date) 
; or 
I left the summons at the individual's residence or usual place of abode with (name) 
, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 
Date: 
on (date) 
, and mailed a copy to the individual's last known address; or 
I served the summons on (name of individual) 
designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (name of organization) 
on (date) 
I returned the summons unexecuted because 
Other (specify): 
My fees are$ 
for travel and $ 
for services, for a total of$ 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this infom1ation is true. 
Server's signature 
------ -------------
Printed name and title 
Server's address 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
, who is 
; or 
; or 
0.00 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__001-03.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__001-04.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 001-04.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 1 of 2
AO 440 (Rev. 12/09) Summons in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
M.J. 
Plaintiff 
V. 
for the 
Southern District of Florida 
Civil Action No. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH KELLEN 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
Defendant 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: (Defendant's name and address) SARAH KELLEN 
230 Everglade Avenue, Apt. 102 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
A lawsuit has been filed against you. 
Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it)- or 60 days if you 
are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 12 (a)(2) or (3)-you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiffs attorney, 
whose name and address are: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. 
You also must file your answer or motion with the court. 
CLERK OF COURT 
Date: 
___ 
, ____________ _ 
Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 2 of 2
AO 440 (Rev. 12/09) Summons in a Civil Action (Page 2) 
Civil Action No. 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This section should not befded with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 4 (1)) 
This summons for (name of individual and title, if any) 
SARAH KELLEN 
---- ···----,, 
was received by me on (date) 
I personally served the summons on the individual at (place) 
on (date) 
; or 
I left the summons at the individual's residence or usual place of abode with (name) 
, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 
Date: 
on (date) 
, and mailed a copy to the individual's last known address; or 
I served the summons on (name of individual) 
designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (name of organization) 
on (date) 
I returned the summons unexecuted because 
Other (specify): 
My fees are$ 
for travel and $ 
for services, for a total of$ 
I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true. 
Server's signature 
Printed name and title 
Server's address 
Additional infom1ation regarding attempted service, etc: 
, who is 
; or 
; or 
0.00 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__001-04.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__001.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 001.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 1 of 29
M.J., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendants. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 
I 
--------------
COMPLAINT 
Plaintiff, M.J., by and through her undersigned counsel, sues the Defendants, Jeffrey 
Epstein and Sarah Kellen, and alleges: 
1. 
This is an action in an amount in excess of $15,000.00, exclusive of interest and costs and 
is within the jurisdictional limits of this Court. 
2. 
This Complaint is brought under a fictitious name in order to protect the identity of the 
Plaintiff because this Complaint makes allegations of sensitive nature of offenses against a then 
minor child. 
3. 
At all times material to this cause of action, the Plaintiff, M.J. (hereinafter referred to as 
"Plaintiff'), was a resident of Palm Beach County, Florida. 
4. 
At all times material to this cause of action, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, had a residence 
located at 358 El Brillo Way, West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida. 
5. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, is currently a citizen of the United States Virgin Islands. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 2 of 29
6. 
At all times material to this cause of action, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, was an adult 
male born in 1953. 
7. 
Defendant, Sarah Kellen, is currently a citizen of New York, where she currently resides. 
8. 
At all times material, the Defendants Jeffrey Epstein and Sarah Kellen both owed a duty 
unto Plaintiff to treat her in a non-negligent manner and to not commit or conspire to commit 
intentional or tortious illegal acts against her. 
FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS 
9. 
At all times material, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, was an adult male, over 50 years old. 
Defendant Epstein is known as a billionaire, yet even those closest to him, including family 
members, long time employees and those that he considers his closest friends have no idea what 
he does or did to earn money to support his lifestyle. 
I 0. 
Defendant Epstein owns, directly or through nominee individuals used to conceal his 
interests, a fleet of airplanes, motor vehicles, boats and a helicopter. 
He owns numerous 
properties and homes, including a 51,000-square-foot mansion in Manhattan, a $30 Million 
7,500-acre ranch in New Mexico, a 70-acre private island formerly known as Little St. James in 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands (he is alleged to have renamed this island Little St. Jeffs after 
himself), a mansion in London, England, a home in Paris, France, and a mansion in Palm Beach 
County, FL. 
The allegations herein primarily concern the defendant's conduct while at his 
mansion in Palm Beach County, FL. 
11. 
Defendant Epstein has a sexual preference and obsession for underage minor females, 
specifically targeting female children age 12 to 17, and Defendant Epstein acts on that obsession 
by luring underage minor females to him where he attempts to sexually molest and batter these 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 3 of 29
underage mmor females on an everyday basis, oftentimes 2 or 3 different underage mmor 
females on one day. 
12. Sometime prior to 1998, Defendant Epstein devised a complex plan, scheme and criminal 
enterprise to gain access to countless underage minor females, some as young as 12 years old, for 
the purpose of coercing the minor females into various acts of sexual misconduct that he 
committed upon them. 
His enterprise operated with a definite hierarchal structure with his 
various employees/assistants and associates, including Defendant Sarah Kellen, Jean Luc Brunel, 
Ghislaine Maxwell, Leslie Groff, Adriana Ross, Nadia Marcinkova, various housekeepers, 
butlers and pilots, performing their respective roles to ensure the goals of the enterprise: operate 
an organized and efficient system to maximize the number of underage minor females for 
Defendant Epstein (and others) to sexually abuse and exploit while avoiding law enforcement 
detection. 
13. Defendant Epstein, with help from his assistants and associates, recruited and procured 
underage minor females, lured them to one of his mansions, had the underage minor female 
taken to a room to be alone with him, then he would appear naked or wearing only a towel and 
sexually batter or otherwise sexually exploit the underage minor female. He would then pay the 
underage minor female for the sex acts he committed against her (typically between $200 and 
$300 per molestation session, or as his criminal enterprise commonly refers to it -
per 
"massage"). Prior to leaving, Defendant Epstein's assistant would get the phone number of the 
underage minor female and input it into his computer system or otherwise keep it on file. He 
would then offer the underage minor female to return to his house to make money in exchange 
for him committing sexual acts against her, and he also typically informed her of another option -
make more money recruiting and procuring other underage minor females for him to sexually 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 4 of 29
abuse. 
He would tell the underage minor female that he will pay her for each underage minor 
female that she brings to him (again, typically between $200 and $300), and he encouraged, and 
oftentimes forcefully demanded, her to bring him as many underage minor females as she was 
able. Through this general pitch, Defendant Epstein created a vast pyramid of underage minor 
females recruiting and procuring other underage minor females for his purpose of coercing these 
underage females into sexual acts for money. 
14. Defendants Epstein and Kellen and the criminal enterprise specifically targeted 
underprivileged and economically disadvantaged children to sexually exploit and molest and 
otherwise prey upon the vulnerabilities of these young girls. 
15. It is unknown exactly how long Defendant Epstein's aforementioned criminal enterprise 
operated, although information and belief indicates that it was continuously and actively in 
operation from at least 1998 through Defendant Epstein's criminal arrest in 2006. 
16. The complete list of underage minor females that were sexually abused by Defendant 
Epstein over the years is believed to have been kept on a computer system controlled by 
Defendant Epstein and accessible by several of his employees, including Defendant Sarah 
Kellen. It is also known that much of the data regarding the names, addresses and whereabouts 
of each underage minor female was input by one of his assistants, including Defendant Kellen. 
17. Defendant Sarah Kellen was listed in the Federal Non-prosecution Agreement related to 
Defendant Epstein's criminal plea on sex charges against minors as a criminal co-conspirator for 
her role in the criminal activity that was committed by Defendant Epstein against many underage 
minor females. She was employed by Defendant Epstein to maintain his schedule, arrange for 
underage minor females to be with Defendant Epstein, maintain contact with the underage minor 
females, schedule the underage minor females' transportation to and from Defendant Epstein's 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 5 of 29
mansion, and greet the underage minor female at the house before taking her upstairs to be alone 
with Mr. Epstein. 
Upon information and belief, Defendant Kellen remains employed by 
Defendant Epstein and continues to work for Defendant Epstein in furtherance of the goals of the 
criminal enterprise. 
18. Defendant Epstein used his vast wealth and power to lure underprivileged minor females 
to him, and to coerce them into prostitution once he was alone with the underage minor female. 
He sexually battered, molested, committed lewd and lascivious acts upon and otherwise 
exploited numerous underage minor females and then gave them money. 
So long as the 
underage minor female followed his demands and advances, he assumed the role of a friend or 
mentor or father figure to the minor female in an attempt to groom the minor female; however, if 
any minor female resisted his sexual advances, Defendant Epstein became frustrated, angry and 
threatening towards the underage minor. 
His intent was to groom each minor female into 
engaging in sexual acts with him as well as to "work" for him, i.e. bring him other underage 
minor females to sexually molest, batter and exploit. He was masterful in his exploitation and 
grooming of these minor females with an additional intent of gaining trust and cooperation from 
these minors to prevent any one of them from reporting his criminal acts to law enforcement. 
Certain of his many co-conspirator associates, including Ghislane Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel, 
helped in this recruiting process by creating the impression that legitimate modeling 
opportunities were available for the minor females. 
I 9. Through information and belief, Defendant Epstein has been successful in luring 
hundreds of underage minor girls to him for the purpose of him ( and sometimes others) sexually 
abusing them. He intentionally preys upon underage minor females that are middle school or 
high school children who are not working prostitutes, and he takes pleasure in using his power 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 6 of 29
and influence to coerce these minor females into acts of prostitution with him personally and 
sometimes with his friends and associates as well, including but not limited to Ghislaine 
Maxwell and Nadia Marcinkova. 
20. Over time, Defendant Epstein fine-tuned his operation to further his goals of gaining 
access to a greater number and variety of underage girls while avoiding detection by law 
enforcement. 
He also provided the roadmap for his enterprise should the illegal sexual 
exploitation of the enterprise be detected - he or the criminal enterprise would (and did) retain 
legal representation for each criminal enterprise member who would instruct each member to 
invoke his/her 5th amendment rights, they would hide behind the 5th amendment to avoid turning 
over incriminating materials (i.e. computer system that logged information about the underage 
sexual molestation victims, scheduling books, message pads, and tangible items such as vibrators 
and dildos), they would destroy evidence and refuse all cooperation with law enforcement. 
21. The plan and scheme was developed by Defendant Epstein, and he and his assistants and 
associates carried it out with each underage minor female in a well-planned and ritualistic 
manner; Epstein ran this criminal enterprise as an experienced Mob boss would run any 
organized crime family - in a well-planned, organized, arrogant and ruthless manner, with 
complete cooperation from his co-conspirator associates and underlings and an absolute 
dedication to carrying out the illegal operations of the criminal enterprise. 
22. 
Defendant Epstein frequently traveled between his various mansions and either he or an 
authorized agent would call to inform a recruiter, assistant, or scheduler at his next destination as 
to his arrival time. 
His scheduler, usually Defendant Sarah Kellen, would then contact an 
underage minor female and schedule her to be at Defendant Epstein's mansion or to bring 
another underage minor female to his mansion at a particular time. Once the minor female was 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 7 of 29
brought to Defendant Epstein's residence, she was greeted at the door of the mansion and lead 
inside by one of Defendant Epstein's employees, oftentimes Defendant Sarah Kellen. 
23. Defendant Sarah Kellen would lead the underage minor female up to Defendant Epstein's 
room and leave the underage minor alone in the room. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, himself would 
then appear naked or wearing only a towel. He would then demand a massage and during the 
massage he would attempt, usually successfully, to perform one or more lewd, lascivious, and 
sexual acts, including, but not limited to, masturbation, touching of the underage minor female's 
sexual organs, coercing or forcing the underage minor female to perform sex acts with him, 
using vibrators or sexual toys on the underage minor female, coercing the underage minor female 
into sexual intercourse with himself or others, and digitally penetrating the underage mmor 
female. He would then give the Plaintiff money for engaging in this sexual activity. 
24. Consistent with Defendants Epstein and Kellen's foregoing scheme or plan, in or around 
the summer of 2002, Plaintiff, an economically poor and vulnerable child, was told by another 
one of Epstein's underage minor sex abuse victims, that she could make $300 cash by giving an 
old man a massage on Palm Beach. 
25. Plaintiffs then minor acquaintance (also a sexual abuse victim of Epstein) telephoned 
Defendant Epstein and scheduled for Plaintiff to go to Defendant Epstein's house to give him a 
massage. During that call, Defendant Epstein himself got on the phone and spoke with Plaintiff 
MJ and asked her personally to come to his mansion in Palm Beach. 
26. Plaintiff then took a taxicab to Defendant Epstein's mansion and was greeted by 
Epstein's top assistant, Defendant Sarah Kellen. 
27. Defendant Kellen, in furtherance of the scheme to exploit Plaintiff, escorted Plaintiff 
upstairs to Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's large bathroom, where Defendant Kellen set up the 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 8 of 29
massage table and showed Plaintiff different massage lotions to use. Defendant Kellen then left 
Plaintiff alone in the room. Plaintiff was alone in Defendant Epstein's bathroom until Defendant 
Jeffrey Epstein emerged wearing only a towel. 
28. Defendant Epstein then walked to the massage table that was already open in the room. 
He lied face down on the table and told Plaintiff to start massaging him, at which time he 
engaged in a conversation with Plaintiff. During the conversation, Defendant Epstein asked 
Plaintiff her age and she told him she had recently turned 16. 
29. Consistent with all of Defendant Epstein's known underage mmor female victims, 
Plaintiff had no massage experience whatsoever and she informed him of that, and Defendant 
Epstein began instructing Plaintiff on how he liked his massage. 
30. After approximately 15 minutes, Defendant Epstein turned over onto his back, and he 
commanded Plaintiff to massage his chest. 
31. Defendant Epstein then suddenly removed his towel and his penis was already erect. He 
then commanded Plaintiff to remove her shirt and bra and to begin "pinching his nipples" as he 
began masturbating with his right hand. 
32. As he was masturbating, Defendant Epstein began fondling Plaintiffs breasts. 
33. Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, while masturbating with his right hand, reached out his left 
hand and grabbed Plaintiffs vagina and butt over her clothes. Plaintiff pushed Defendant's hand 
away and told him repeatedly not to touch her like that. Epstein was persistent in his attempt to 
grab Plaintiffs vagina and continued to grab her vagina and butt on multiple occasions after she 
told him not to. 
34. Defendant Epstein continued to masturbate his exposed penis until he ejaculated in front 
of the then minor Plaintiff. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 9 of 29
35. Plaintiff was shocked and embarrassed by the events and Defendant Epstein talked to her 
to persuade her that everything he was doing with he was normal. 
36. Epstein paid Plaintiff $300 for allowing him to grope her and masturbate in her presence. 
37. Plaintiff returned to Epstein's home on approximately 20 occasions. On each occasion 
Epstein grabbed Plaintiff's bare breasts, exposed his penis, masturbated and ejaculated in 
Plaintiff's presence, and paid her $300 each time. 
38. Defendant Epstein coerced Plaintiff into acts of prostitution, preymg on her low 
economic status and troubled upbringing, complimenting Plaintiff for being "special" to him and 
having a "very pretty body" and making promises to Plaintiff such as - he told Plaintiff that if 
she graduated high school, then he would buy her a computer, something that she wanted yet 
could not afford. 
39. On multiple occasions Defendant Epstein pressured Plaintiff to bring him other underage 
minor females to abuse; he told Plaintiff that he would pay her $300 for each girl she brought 
him, but Plaintiff refused to bring other girls. 
40. Defendant Epstein told Plaintiff that he would pay her more money if she would give him 
oral sex and that he would pay her $600 for actual sexual intercourse. Plaintiff refused. 
41. Defendant Epstein personally called Plaintiff at least five times to tell her when she 
should be at his house to "work" or give him a "massage" (Epstein's criminal enterprise's 
learned code words for paying minors for Epstein and others to interact with them sexually). 
42. Every other time (approximately 15) Defendant Kellen called to inform Plaintiff of the 
date and time when she needed and was expected to be at Epstein's mansion to "work". 
43. The acts referenced above, committed by Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, against the then 
minor Plaintiff were committed in violation of numerous State and Federal criminal statutes 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 10 of 29
condemning battery, assault and the exploitation of mmor children, contributing to the 
delinquency of a minor and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those criminal 
offenses outlined in Chapters 796, 800, and 827 of the Florida Statutes, as well as those 
designated in Florida Statutes §796.03, §796.07, §796.045, §796.04, §796.09, §39.01, §450.151, 
and §827.04. 
44. The above-described acts took place in Palm Beach County, Florida at the residence of 
the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein. Any assertions by Defendants, Jeffrey Epstein and Sarah Kellen, 
that they were unaware of the age of the then minor Plaintiff are belied by their actions and 
rendered irrelevant by the provisions of applicable Florida Statutes concerning the sexual 
exploitation and abuse of a minor child. The Defendants, Jeffrey Epstein and Sarah Kellen, at all 
times material to this cause of action, knew and should have known of the Plaintiffs minority as 
Plaintiff specifically told Epstein her age and Defendant Epstein and criminal organization has a 
history of seeking out underage minor children to sexually abuse. In fact, one primary goal of 
the organization is to sexually abuse females who are under the age of 18, and oftentimes 
Defendant Epstein has turned away females (i.e. refused to engage in sexual acts with them) for 
being "too old" once she reaches 18 years of age, and he has reprimanded girls for bringing him 
other girls who are over the age of majority. 
45. In June 2008, in the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in Palm Beach County, Florida, Defendant 
Epstein entered pleas of "guilty" to various Florida State crimes related to his exploitation of 
minors for sex. 
46. As a condition of that plea and in exchange for the Federal Government entering into a 
Non-Prosecution Agreement with Defendant Epstein, wherein the Federal Government agreed to 
effectively stay any prosecution of Jeffrey Epstein, Sarah Kellen and other criminal co-

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 11 of 29
conspirators Nadia Marcinkova and Leslie Groff, Defendant Epstein agreed to admit that 
approximately 40 underage minor females, whose names were provided to Defendant Epstein, 
were his victims. Plaintiff was not included in that list as she moved away from the West Palm 
Beach area in part to escape from Epstein, and she has lived in fear of Epstein and his 
organization and has not yet been contacted by law enforcement. 
47. Beginning in or about June 2008 and continuing to the present time, defendant Epstein 
has been aware he faces significant financial liability for his sexual offenses, both to MJ and to 
many other similarly-situated girls whom he abused. MJ and these other girls are creditors of 
Epstein, in that have filed and can file tort actions against him under both Florida and Federal 
laws. Accordingly, Epstein has conveyed substantial assets and property into the names of other 
persons and into overseas bank accounts and other financial institutions. 
These assets and 
properties could have been attachable and used to pay the debts owed to MJ and to the other girls 
that Epstein has abused. 
48. As an example of the fraudulent conveyances that Epstein has attempted, in 
approximately October 2009, Epstein placed his personal 727 aircraft up for sale, with the intent 
that the proceeds of that sale would be hidden so that MJ and other creditors of Epstein would 
not be able to secure payment from that substantial asset. 
49. While Epstein is clearly distinct from the criminal enterprise that he oversees that asset, 
as well as his other airplanes and helicopters and other assets, have been used continuously and 
repeatedly to further the interest and endeavors of Epstein and his criminal enterprise. 
50. As another example of the fraudulent transfers that Epstein has made, Epstein has titled a 
Ford F-150 Truck in the name of Larry Visoki (Epstein's personal pilot). Visoski was unaware 
that the truck was titled in his name when he was questioned under oath in a deposition. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 12 of 29
51. In approximately 2009, Defendant Epstein purchased a $68,000 Land Rover and 
registered it in Visoski's name with the intent to hide this asset from MJ and other creditors. 
52. In approximately 2009, Defendant Epstein purchased a Mercedes-Benz 2005 by wiring 
funds to Visoski and then placing the car in Visoski's name. 
53. In approximately 2009, Defendant Epstein bought a Jaguar X-Type 2005 so that he 
(Epstein) would have another car around Palm Beach available for his friends to use and then 
placed the car in Visoski's name. 
54. In approximately September 2009, Visoski attempted to sell a Ferrari owned by Epstein 
for $159,000. Epstein intended for the sale to hide the value of this Ferrari and prevent MJ and 
other creditors from recovering from him. 
55. 
Epstein is concealing substantial assets through a new corporation, Shmitka Air, Inc., 
whose representative is Larry Visoski. In September 2010, Epstein attempted to sell a 1999 Bell 
Helicopter for approximately $1,900,000. This sale was an attempt to prevent MJ and other 
creditors from recovering from him. 
56. Epstein is also concealing substantial assets through an entity known at JEGE, Inc. He is 
currently attempting to sell an aircraft for $10,000,000 through that entity in an attempt to 
prevent MJ and other creditors from recovering from him. 
57. Through information and belief, Epstein and/or his criminal enterprise provides the 
financial support for his various employees, co-conspirators, other criminal enterprise members 
and associates. 
58. In addition to Epstein's vanous houses, he owns or controls other condominiums, 
including approximately 8 to 10 units at 301 East 66 Street, in New York City, where certain of 
his or his Criminal Enterprise associates live or reside, including Jean Luc Brunel, Nadia 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 13 of 29
Marcinkova, Sarah Kellen, and at times various underage minor girls are stashed at this location 
as well. 
59. Defendant Epstein has numerous overseas contacts and accounts and sophistication in 
international business transactions. He previously served as a trader at Bear Steams and founded 
his own financial management firm, J. Epstein and Col. (later called Financial Trust Co.) located 
on his private island in the U.S. Virgin Islands where, until his recent incarceration, according to 
him he allegedly managed the assets of billionaire clients. 
60. After extensive investigation into Epstein's employment history, including questioning of 
Epstein's family, those whom Epstein considers friends and longtime employees of Epstein, the 
only known client of Epstein was Limited, Inc. Founder Leslie Wexner, although it is believed 
that even that relationship has been severed. No other legitimate means of income have been 
reported. 
COUNTI 
BATTERY AGAINST DEFENDANT EPSTEIN 
61. PlaintiffM.J. adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 60 above. 
62. 
In the summer of 2002, just after Plaintiff turned 16 years old, Defendant Epstein 
committed battery against Plaintiff when he intentionally touched intimate areas of her body and 
person in an offensive manner while she was a minor child. 
63. 
Defendant Epstein intentionally touched Plaintiff MJ's private areas multiple times 
against the will of MJ. 
64. Defendant Epstein's tortious commission of battery upon Plaintiff was done willfully. 
65. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses committed by Defendant Epstein against 
the then minor Plaintiff, MJ, she has in the past suffered and will in the future suffer injury, pain 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 14 of 29
and suffering, emotional distress, psychological and psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, 
humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, loss of enjoyment of 
life, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulation and 
leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life. 
Plaintiff will incur medical and 
psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn 
income in the future, and loss of proper and complete education. These injuries are permanent in 
nature and Plaintiff MJ will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff MJ demands judgment against Defendant Epstein for 
compensatory damages, punitive damages and such other relief as this Court deems proper and 
hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as ofright by a jury. 
COUNT II 
INTENTIONAL INFLICTION OF EMOTIONAL DISTRESS 
AGAINST DEFENDANT EPSTEIN 
66. The Plaintiff adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 60 above. 
67. Defendant Epstein's extreme and outrageous conduct towards the then minor Plaintiff 
was intentional and reckless. 
68. Defendant Epstein acted with the intent to cause severe emotional distress or with 
reckless disregard for the high probability of causing severe emotional distress. 
69. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses committed by Defendant Epstein against 
the then minor Plaintiff, MJ, she has in the past suffered and will in the future suffer injury, pain 
and suffering, emotional distress, psychological and psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, 
humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, loss of enjoyment of 
life, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulation and 
leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life. 
Plaintiff will incur medical and 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 15 of 29
psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn 
income in the future, loss of proper and complete education. These injuries are permanent in 
nature and Plaintiff MJ will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff M.J. demands judgment against Defendant Epstein for 
compensatory damages, punitive damages and such other relief as this Court deems proper and 
hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as ofright by a jury. 
COUNT III 
CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT TORTIOUS ASSAULT OR BATTERY AGAINST 
DEFENDANT SARAH KELLEN 
70. The Plaintiff adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 60 above. 
71. Defendant Kellen is one of Defendant Epstein's top assistants, as referenced previously 
in this Complaint. 
Defendant Epstein, Defendant Kellen and others reached an agreement 
amongst and between them and otherwise conspired for the purpose of allowing Defendant 
Epstein and others to commit the tortious and illegal acts described above against Plaintiff Ml. 
72. Defendant Kellen aided, abetted and assisted Defendant Epstein in his organized scheme 
and plan to sexually exploit Plaintiff and commit battery against her and/or commit or attempt to 
commit numerous other crimes against her, including coercing her into prostitution. 
73. Defendant Kellen conspired with Defendant Epstein to commit tortious and illegal 
conduct against Plaintiff, and in furtherance of the conspiracy Kellen specifically engaged in 
overt acts such as contacting Plaintiff MJ on many occasions, scheduling the then minor 
Plaintiffs appointment for a "massage" knowing that Defendant Epstein was going to commit 
battery against Plaintiff, attempt sexual battery against Plaintiff, and force her into prostitution 
and otherwise did everything in her ability to conceal the illegal operation and refuse cooperation 
with law enforcement. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 16 of 29
74. Additionally, Defendant Kellen greeted Plaintiff on the occasions when Plaintiff arrived 
at Epstein's home and personally lead Plaintiff to Defendant Epstein's bathroom where Epstein 
appeared for the purposes of committing crimes against Plaintiff. 
75. Defendant Epstein's battery against Plaintiff was facilitated by Defendant Kellen and the 
conspiracy resulted in the various aforementioned crimes being committed against Plaintiff MJ 
as well as many other underage minor females. 
76. 
As a direct and proximate result of Defendant, Sarah Kellen's, participation m the 
aforementioned conspiracy, Plaintiff, MJ, she has in the past suffered and will in the future suffer 
injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, psychological and psychiatric trauma, mental 
anguish, humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, loss of 
enjoyment of life, invasion of her privacy and other damages associated with Defendant's 
manipulation and leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life. Plaintiff will incur 
medical and psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, loss of proper and complete education. These injuries are 
permanent in nature and Plaintiff Ml will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff MJ demands judgment against Defendant Sarah Kellen for 
compensatory damages, punitive damages and such other relief as this Court deems proper and 
hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as ofright by a jury. 
COUNTS IV THROUGH XXIII 
CAUSES OF ACTION AGAINST DEFENDANTS EPSTEIN AND KELLEN PURSUANT 
TO 18 USC §2255 IN VIOLATION OF VARIOUS ENUMERATED OFFENSES 
CONTAINED WITHIN THAT FEDERAL STATUTE 
77. Plaintiff, MJ, adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 60 above. 
78. The allegations contained herein in Counts IV through XXIII are separate and distinct 
legal remedies. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 17 of 29
79. As a condition of Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's criminal plea, and in exchange for the 
Federal Government not prosecuting the Defendant for numerous federal offenses, the 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement with the Federal 
Government; that agreement governed not only Defendant Epstein's conduct but also the 
conduct of his "co-conspirators" including Defendant Kellen as she played an essential and 
criminal role in the commission of these offenses. 
80. The Plaintiff, MJ, was in fact a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in Title 18, 
United States Code, Section 2255, and as such asserts a cause of action against the Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, and against Defendant Kellen pursuant to this Section of the United States Code 
and the agreement between the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and the United States Government. 
81. 
Specifically, Defendants Epstein and Kellen: 
(a) knowingly conspired with others known and unknown to use a facility or 
means of interstate commerce to knowingly persuade, induce, or entice minor females, 
including Plaintiff MJ, to engage in prostitution, in violation of title 18, United States 
Code, Section 2422(b ). 
(b) knowingly and willfully conspired with others known and unknown to travel 
in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit sexual conduct with minors, 
including Plaintiff Ml, as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(£), with minor females, in violation 
of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2423(b ); all in violation of Title 18, United 
States Code, Section 2423( e ); 
(c) used a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce to knowingly 
persuade, induce, or entice minor females, including Plaintiff MJ, to engage m 
prostitution; in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2422(b ); 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 18 of 29
(d) traveled in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit sexual 
conduct, as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2423(f), with minor females, including Plaintiff Ml; in 
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2423(b ). 
82. As a direct and proximate result of the aforementioned criminal offenses enumerated in 
Title 18, United States Code, Section 2255, being committed against the then minor Plaintiff, 
Plaintiff, MJ, she has in the past suffered and will in the future suffer injury, pain and suffering, 
emotional distress, psychological and psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, 
confusion, embarrassment, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, loss of enjoyment of life, invasion 
of her privacy and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulation and leading her into 
a perverse and unhealthy way of life. Plaintiff will incur medical and psychological expenses. 
These injuries are permanent in nature and Plaintiff MJ will continue to suffer these losses in the 
future. Plaintiff, M.J., has also incurred attorneys' fees. 
83. With regard to each of the following counts, Plaintiff suffered personal injury, as outlined 
above from the acts above, as a result of the violations of federal criminal law by Defendant 
Epstein enumerated in paragraph 33, on approximately 20 occasions, and while the dates are not 
all precisely documented or diaried by Plaintiff, Defendants Epstein and Kellen committed these 
crimes and inflicted said injuries on or about the following dates: 
COUNT IV 
COUNTY 
COUNT VI 
COUNT VII 
COUNT VIII 
COUNT IX 
August 2002 
September 2002 
October 2002 
November 2002 
December 2002 
January 2003 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 19 of 29
COUNTX 
February 2003 
COUNT XI 
March 2003 
COUNT XII 
April 2003 
COUNT XIII 
May 2003 
COUNT XIV 
June 2003 
COUNT XV 
July 2003 
COUNT XVI 
August 2003 
COUNT XVII 
September 2003 
COUNT XVIII 
October 2003 
COUNT XIX 
November 2003 
COUNT XX 
December 2003 
COUNTXXI 
January 2004 
COUNT XXII 
February 2004 
COUNT XXIII 
March 2004 
WHEREFORE, with regard to each and every one of these counts, Plaintiff, MJ, 
demands judgment against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, for compensatory damages, loss of 
income, a loss of the capacity to earn income in the future, attorney's fees, and such other and 
further relief as this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues 
triable as ofright by a jury. 
COUNT XXIV 
Civil Remedy for Criminal Practices 
84. 
Plaintiff realleges paragraphs 1 through 60 above and for the purposes of this count 
incorporates and alleges the RICO Statement that has been filed contemporaneously herewith as 
Exhibit "A." 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 20 of 29
85. The allegations contained herein in Count XXIV are a separate and distinct legal remedy 
brought pursuant to Florida Statute 772.104( 1) and (2). 
86. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, was associated with an enterprise, a group of individuals 
associated in fact although not a legal entity, which was comprised of at least Defendant Jeffrey 
Epstein, Sarah Kellen, Leslie Groff, Jean Luc Brunel, Ghislaine Maxwell, and Nadia Marcinkova 
(and likely many other yet unknown persons); Defendant Epstein participated in this enterprise, 
or conspired or endeavored to so participate, through a pattern of criminal activity in violation of 
Florida Statutes §772.103(3)-(4), as further outlined in detail in the RICO statement filed with 
this court. 
87. 
This enterprise was separate and distinct from Epstein himself and had a definite 
hierarchical structure. Epstein served informally but effectively as the leader, C.E.O, or "boss" 
of this organization similar to the way an experienced mob boss runs his organized crime family, 
directing his underlings how to recruit and procure underage girls for his sexual activities and the 
sexual activities of others, developing the use of slang or code words to be used to discuss the 
illegal activities of the organization, designing a plan or scheme to gain the cooperation of 
underage minor females, developing methods and techniques to otherwise avoid detection from 
law enforcement including making large charitable donations to law enforcement agencies, 
powerful politicians, businessmen and world leaders, associating with powerful social people 
and highly influential politicians and attorneys, gathering information to blackmail or extort 
powerful people, devising a plan to attack the credibility and character of anyone that dare unveil 
the illegal operations of the enterprise and to take an oath to remain silent and/or lie when 
confronted by law enforcement about the illegal operations and activities of the criminal 
organization. 
Epstein's key "lieutenant" in the local Palm Beach branch of the National 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 21 of 29
organization was Kellen, who served as both his scheduler and a recruiter/procurer of the girls. 
Marcinkova also served as a recruiter and helped Epstein satisfy his criminal sexual desires by, 
on occasion, directly participating in sexual abuse and prostitution of the minor girls. Epstein 
also used otherwise-legitimate business activities to help further the purpose of the criminal 
enterprise. These apparently legitimate activities provided "cover" for Epstein and his associates 
to commit the crimes. Epstein and his associates maintained the appearance of running an 
upstanding investment business, as well as other legitimate businesses with connections to 
modeling agencies and other powerful business and political people, to discourage the minor 
girls from reporting the abuse to law enforcement. Ghislane Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel 
helped to provide "cover" by creating the impression that legitimate modeling opportunities were 
available for the girls. There are many other known and unknown associates of the criminal 
organization, that worked throughout the country and possibly internationally, who performed 
functions to perpetuate the criminal activities of the organization. 
88. Defendant Jeffrey Epstein participated in this enterprise through a pattern of criminal 
activity in that he engaged in at least two incidents of criminal activity, as defined and required 
in Florida Statute 772.102 and as described below, that have the same or similar intents, results, 
accomplices, victims, or methods of commission and are not isolated incidents. 
89. Defendant Jeffrey Epstein engaged in criminal activity by committing, attempting to 
commit, conspiring to commit or soliciting, coercing or intimidating another person to commit 
one or more of the following predicate acts as outlined and defined in Florida Statute 772.102: 
(a) 
Procuring for prostitution, or causing to be prostituted, any person who is 
under the age of 18 years in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 796.03; 
(b) 
Acts of battery in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 784; 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 22 of 29
( c) 
Forcing, compelling or coercmg another to become a prostitute m 
violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 796.04; 
( d) 
knowingly recruiting, enticing, harboring, transporting, providing or 
otherwise obtaining by any means a person, knowing that coercion would be used to 
cause that person to engage in prostitution in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 
796.045; 
(e) 
(f) 
tampering with a witness in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 914.22; 
altering, destroying, removing, or concealing records or documents or 
other evidence with the purpose to impair its verity or availability in violation of Florida 
Statutes Chapter 918.13; 
(g) 
maintaining a place ( or more accurately "places") for the purpose of 
lewdness or prostitution; offering or securing another for the purpose of prostitution or 
for some other lewd or indecent act; receiving persons into his Palm Beach mansion for 
the purpose of prostitution or lewdness; directing, taking or transporting or agreeing to 
direct take or transport persons to his Palm Beach mansion with knowledge or reasonable 
belief that the purpose of such directing, taking or transporting was prostitution or 
lewdness; all in violation of Florida Statutes Chapter 796.07. 
90. The criminal acts of Defendant Epstein occurred repeatedly over a substantial period of 
time and were not isolated events. 
91. Under Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's plan, scheme, and enterprise, Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, paid employees and underlings, including but not limited to Sarah Kellen, to bring him 
minor girls to his Palm Beach mansion in order for the Defendant to solicit, induce, coerce, 
entice, compel or force such girls to engage in acts of prostitution and sexual misconduct with 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 23 of 29
Defendant Epstein and sometimes Nadia Marcinkova, and to otherwise commit acts of sexual 
battery thereon, and further Defendant Epstein worked in concert as part of the enterprise with 
those who were free to act independently and advance their own interests, including Ghislaine 
Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel, to obtain minor girls for sexual purposes. 
92. Plaintiff, MJ, was the victim of Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's plan, scheme, and enterprise 
and was so injured by reason of his violations of the provisions of s. 772.104. Plaintiff, MJ, was 
called on the telephone by Defendant Epstein and other employees of his, including Sarah 
Kellen, and transported to the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein's residence, where she was placed in a 
room along with the Defendant, enticed to commit acts of prostitution, and had acts of sexual 
battery and sexual exploitation committed against her. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, conspired 
with his assistants and employees in order to accomplish their common motive or intent of 
seeking out, gaining access to, and exploiting minor children such as the Plaintiff, MJ, in the 
aforementioned ways, and he further conspired with his employees, assistants and underlings to 
ensure that the crimes of this criminal enterprise were concealed or undetected by law 
enforcement. 
Those who were free to act independently and advance their own interests, 
including Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel, also worked with the enterprise to conceal 
the activities of the enterprise. 
93. After law enforcement began to detect the criminal activities of Defendant Epstein and 
the other persons involved in the criminal enterprise, the enterprise used resources and 
information to conceal the illegal activities of the enterprise, threaten the victims of the crimes of 
the enterprise if they revealed the scope of the enterprise to law enforcement, and concealed or 
destroyed documents relevant to the prosecution of the various members of the enterprise. The 
enterprise also made various efforts to discourage the victims from cooperating with law 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 24 of 29
enforcement and from filing civil lawsuits to vindicate their rights. Epstein and other members 
of the enterprise made cash payments and gave gifts to the victims of the enterprise in order to 
discourage them from reporting crimes to law enforcement and other authorities. 
94. Through information and belief, this criminal enterprise gained valuable consideration 
from the practice of sex-trafficking underage children and providing underage children to other 
adults and otherwise derived valuable consideration for running a national and oftentimes 
international sex-trafficking and underage prostitution ring, typically by coercing and 
introducing the economically disadvantaged underage minor females into prostitution and 
sometimes into being underage sex slaves for the enterprise. 
95. The evidence clearly and convincingly establishes that Plaintiff Ml was injured by reason 
of violations of the provisions of 772.103, and as such is entitled to threefold the actual damages 
sustained and a minimum of $200, and reasonable attorney's fees and court costs. 
96. In the alternative, and pursuant to s. 772.104, Plaintiff MJ was injured due to sex 
trafficking committed in violation of s. 772.103 and is thus entitled to threefold the amount 
gained from the sex trafficking and to a minimum amount of damages not less than $200, 
reasonable attorney's fees and court costs. 
97. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn income in the future, 
loss to her property and business opportunities and other losses. 
WHEREFORE, under the provisions of Florida Statutes Chapter 772, Plaintiff, MJ, 
demands judgment against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, for any minimum damages authorized by 
law, all actual damages sustained (to be trebled as authorized by law), court costs and attorneys' 
fees, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands 
trial by jury on all issues triable as ofright by a jury. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 25 of 29
COUNTXXV 
Cause of Action Pursuant to Florida Statute 796.09 
Against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 
98. Plaintiff adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 60 above. 
99. The allegations contained herein in Count XXV are a separate and distinct legal remedy. 
100. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, was a wealthy and powerful man, and Plaintiff was an 
economically disadvantaged and impressionable minor. 
101. Plaintiff MJ had never engaged in any act of prostitution prior to meeting Epstein or 
being introduced to any of the members of the criminal enterprise of which Defendant Epstein 
was an operating member and leader. 
102. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, used his vast wealth and power to coerce Plaintiff into 
prostitution and/or coerced her to remain in prostitution. 
103. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, coerced Plaintiff into prostitution m one or more of the 
following ways: 
A. 
Domination of her mind and body through exploitive techniques; 
B. 
Inducement; 
C. 
Promise of greater financial rewards; 
D. 
Exploitation of a condition of developmental disability, cognitive 
limitation, affective disorder, and/or substance dependency; 
E. 
Exploitation of human needs for food, shelter or affection; 
F. 
Exploitation of underprivileged and vulnerable economic condition or 
situation; 
G. 
Use of a system ofrecruiting other similarly situated minor girls to further 
coerce and induce Plaintiff into the lifestyle of prostitution; and 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 26 of 29
H. 
Exploitation through demonstration of abundant wealth and power to 
impress a young and vulnerable then minor Plaintiff and to coerce her into prostitution. 
104. As a direct and proximate result of the offenses committed by Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
against Plaintiff pursuant to Florida Statutes §796.09, the Plaintiff has in the past suffered, and 
will in the future suffer, injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, psychological trauma, 
mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her 
privacy and other damages associated with Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, controlling, manipulating 
and coercing her into a perverse and unconventional way of life for a minor. The then minor 
Plaintiff incurred medical and psychological expenses and Plaintiff will in the future suffer 
additional medical and psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of 
the capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These injuries 
are permanent in nature and the Plaintiff will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe, demands judgment against the Defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, for compensatory damages, punitive damages as specifically allowed by this and other 
statutes and by law, attorney's fees, and such other and further relief as this Court deems just and 
proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as ofright by a jury. 
COUNTXXV 
Cause of Action Pursuant to Florida Statute 726.101 
Against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 
105. This count alleges an action for redress of fraudulent transfers brought under Florida's 
Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, sections 726.101, et seq., Fla.Stats. ("FUFTA"). 
106. Plaintiff adopts and realleges paragraphs 1 through 60 above. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 27 of 29
107. M.J. is a creditor of defendant Jeffrey Epstein. She has various claims against him for 
repeated sexual molestation of her when she was a minor, as alleged in the other counts of this 
complaint. 
108. Given the egregious acts of sexual molestation the defendant perpetrated against her, M.J. 
has a claim against defendant, once punitive damages are added, is worth in excess of 
$50,000,000. Therefore, he is facing judgments in excess of $50,000,000 from her. Epstein is 
thus a debtor ofM.J., as defined in the FUFT A. 
109. Defendant Jeffrey Epstein has numerous overseas contacts and sophistication in 
international business transactions. He previously served as a trader at Bear Stearns and founded 
his own financial management firm, J. Epstein and Col. (later called Financial Trust Co.) located 
on his private island in the U.S. Virgin Islands where, until his recent incarceration, he managed 
the assets of billionaire clients. 
110. Defendant Jeffrey Epstein has transferred, is transferring, and intends to transfer in the 
near future his assets, to locations overseas and elsewhere and/or to nominee individuals who 
conceal Epstein's interest in the assets, with the actual intent to hinder, delay and defraud M.J. 
To prevent M.J. from satisfying any judgment that she might obtain in her pending lawsuit again 
him, Epstein has moved and intends to move his significant financial assets to locations overseas 
(i.e., to Israel) or in other unreachable areas and to title his assets (including real property, 
aircraft, boats, vehicles, and financial instruments) in the names of other persons or entities, even 
though he maintains ( directly or indirectly) control over those assets. 
These transfers are 
designed by Epstein to prevent M.J. from being able to collect on any judgment she might obtain 
against him, including any punitive damages judgment. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 28 of 29
111. In recent lawsuits against him very similar to those filed by M.J., defendant Epstein has 
refused to answer and taken the Fifth when asked whether he intends to conceal assets from 
those with claims against him. 
112. In recent lawsuits against him very similar to those filed by M.J., defendant Epstein 
refused to answer and took the Fifth Amendment when asked whether he intends to remain in the 
country in the future. 
113. Epstein could currently post a $15 million bond to satisfy a judgment in this case without 
financial or other difficulty. 
WHEREFORE plaintiff M.J. demands judgment against defendant Epstein as follows: 
(a) An accounting by defendant Jeffrey Epstein of all of his significant financial assets, 
whether held in this country or overseas, and all significant transfer of assets in the last three 
years; 
(b) Avoidance of the fraudulent transfers or obligations to the extent necessary to satisfy 
M.J. 's claims; 
( c) An attachment or other provisional remedy against the asset transferred or other 
property of the transferee in accordance with applicable law; 
(d) An injunction against defendant Jeffrey Epstein and such transferees as may be 
appropriate, or both, against further transfers of any assets pending further order of the Court and 
posting of a bond to protect M.J..; 
(e) Appointment of a receiver to take charge of the assets of defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
until the Court is satisfied that M.J. interests in having assets available from the defendant to 
satisfy any judgment are fully protected; 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 1   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 29 of 29
(f) Posting by defendant Jeffrey Epstein of a $15,000,000 bond to satisfy any judgment 
obtained by M.J .. in her pending lawsuits; and 
(g) All other relief that the circumstances may require to protect M.J. and her ability to 
satisfy any judgment she might obtain. 
Plaintiff also demands a jury trial on all issues so triable by jury. 
Respectfully submitted, 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, PL 
Attorneys for Plaintiff(s) 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Fl 33301 
(954)524-2820 TELEPHONE 
(954)524-2822 Fax 
brad(Zi>pathtojustice.com 
B Y ~  
Bradley J. Edwards 
Florida Bar No. 542075 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__001.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__003.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 003.pdf
----------------------------------------
10-CV-81111-DIMITROULEAS/SNOW
SEPTEMBER 17, 2010
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 3   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 1 of 2
AO 440 (Rev. 12/09) Summons in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of Florida 
M.J. 
Plaintiff 
V. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH KELLEN 
Defendant 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
Civil Action No. 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: (Defendant's name and address) JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
East 71 st Street 
New York, NY 10021 
A lawsuit has been filed against you. 
Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it) -
or 60 days if you 
are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 12 (a)(2) or (3) -
you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiff's attorney, 
whose name and address are: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. 
You also must file your answer or motion with the court. 
Sl !J: !J:O S 
Date: 
s/ ~ -r gory 
a.estre 
t ven 
. Larimore 
C]erk of Court 
Deputy Clerk 
U .. Di trict Court 

10-CV-81111-DIMITROULEAS/SNOW
SEPTEMBER 17, 2010
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 3   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2010   Page 2 of 2
AO 440 (Rev. 12/09) Summons in a Civil Action 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
for the 
Southern District of Florida 
M.J. 
Plaintiff 
V. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH KELLEN 
Defendant 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
Civil Action No. 
SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION 
To: (Defendant ·s name and address) SARAH KELLEN 
230 Everglade Avenue, Apt. 102 
Palm Beach, FL 33480 
A lawsuit has been filed against you. 
Within 21 days after service of this sununons on you (not counting the day you received it) -
or 60 days if you 
are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 12 (a)(2) or (3) -
you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiffs attorney, 
whose name and address are: 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman 
425 N. Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. 
You also must file your answer or motion with the court. 
Date: 
t ven M. La.rimor 
Clerk of Court 
Sl 1Vll\lJ:O S 
s/Gr gory - ae. tr 
Dept t.y Clerk 
U. . Di trict Courts 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__003.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__004.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 004.pdf
----------------------------------------
  This time period is inclusive of the additional time provided pursuant to Rule 6(d).  
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
CASE NO. 10-81111-CIV-DIMITROULEAS
M.J.,
Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and
SARAH KELLEN,
Defendants.
_____________________________________/
ORDER REQUIRING COUNSEL TO MEET, FILE JOINT SCHEDULING REPORT
AND JOINT DISCOVERY REPORT
THIS ORDER has been entered upon the filing of the Complaint.  Plaintiff’s counsel is
hereby ORDERED to forward to all Defendants, upon receipt of a responsive pleading, a copy of
this order.
It is further ORDERED:
1.  Pretrial discovery in this case shall be conducted in accord with Federal Rule of Civil
Procedure 26 and Southern District of Florida Local Rule 16.1.
2.  Within thirty-five (35) calendar days of the filing of the first responsive pleading by
the last responding defendant, unless this action is excluded under Rule 26(a)(1)(B), the parties
shall file a Joint Scheduling Report and Joint Proposed Order pursuant to Local Rule 16.1.B.2.  
In preparing the Joint Scheduling Report and Joint Proposed Order the parties shall adhere to the
following deadlines:
A.  The parties must confer within fifteen (15) calendar days after the filing of the
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 4   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/21/2010   Page 1 of 3

first responsive pleading by the last responding defendant, to consider the nature and basis of
their claims and defenses and the possibilities for a prompt settlement or resolution of the case, to
make or arrange for the disclosures required by Rule 26(a)(1), and to develop a proposed
discovery plan that indicates the parties’ views and proposals concerning the matters listed in
Rule 26(f).  The parties are jointly responsible for submitting a written report of this conference
outlining the proposed discovery plan at the time they file their Joint Scheduling Report and Joint
Proposed Order.
B.  Counsel for the parties shall hold a scheduling conference either at the same
time as the discovery conference described in Rule 26(f) or within ten (10) calendar days
thereafter.  See Local Rule 16.1.B.
C.  Within seven (7) calendar days of the scheduling conference, counsel shall file
a joint scheduling report pursuant to Local Rule 16.1.B.  This report shall indicate the
proposed month and year for the trial plus the estimated number of trial days required. 
Should this be a case in which a class is sought, the report shall include a date by which any
motions for class certifications shall be filed.
D.  The Court notes that, pursuant to Local Rule 16.2, parties are required to agree
upon a mediator and advise the Clerk’s office of their choice within fourteen(14) days of this
Court issuing a Scheduling Order. 
3.  The parties may submit a single report combining the discovery plan report and the
scheduling conference report.  However, unilateral submissions are prohibited.
4.  Failure of counsel or unrepresented parties to file a discovery plan report or joint
scheduling report may result in dismissal, default, and the imposition of other sanctions including
attorney’s fees and costs.
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 4   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/21/2010   Page 2 of 3
--

5.  If a case is settled, counsel are directed to inform the Court promptly at (954) 769-
5650, and to submit an appropriate stipulation Order for Dismissal, pursuant to Rule 41(a)(1) . 
Such an Order must be filed within ten (10) calender days of notification of the Court.
DONE AND SIGNED in Chambers at Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, Florida, this     
21st day of September, 2010.
Copies furnished to:
Bradley J. Edwards
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 4   Entered on FLSD Docket 09/21/2010   Page 3 of 3
United States District Judge 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__004.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__005.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 005.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 5   Entered on FLSD Docket 10/29/2010   Page 1 of 1
A0440(Rft. 12f09> Summons in a Civil ActKl1t(hae 1) 
Civil Action No. 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(T1tis seetion should not be flied willi tlu, eourt ""'-rettulretl by Fed. R. Ch. P. 4 (1)) 
This summons for (namt ofiodMdw,J and 11d,. l/ .. yJ 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
was re.,-eived by me on(~ Sf/>~ol ;;41r:3·-=--"'----=-----------------
Date: 
o I personally served the summons on the individual at fp/ua,J 
Oll{dot,J 
; or 
)J I left the summons at the individual's residence o.-usual place ofabode with /.,,...J -· -· /111'!.~/!_k~---
' a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 
-~~ (daJe/ QC r; __ ...,8~(}.-'o-10-_ -, an-d-ma-iled- a copy to the individual's last known address; or 
I served the summons on (~ of indirid,,afJ 
designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of r..,., of organizatlo•J 
on (date) 
;or 
• who is 
;or 
CJ l rerumed the summons unexecuted because 
CJ Other !,p,c!/J'k 
------------------
My fcesareS 
for tr,vel and S 
for services,. for a total of S 
0.00 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__005.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__006.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 006.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 6   Entered on FLSD Docket 10/29/2010   Page 1 of 1
:\0 SBA (Rev ()6109) Subpoena to f1::;t1l}' al a l.kposmun in a C1\i1I Ac11on {Pa!,..<e 2) 
Civil Action No. CASE NO.: 9:10-cv-81111 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(This .<ection .<iloultl not be fl/et/ w/111 the ,·mm un/es,· req11ire1/ by Feti. R. Civ. P. 45.) 
This subpoena for fnamt> ~f individual and title. if any) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
was received by me on ld,u,) .S £Pr Joi .2010 
'JJ I served the subpoena by delivering a copy to the named indi~idual as,follows: Q/v OCT, !, ,£tljp 
.:f /J£t1vf~{!) _flCtJP'r' df Pf£: su8!!£1l}~ Tt:> /17,9/?K /ff tj [//J, 71 rr S7i2_(~ ,-_ 
f1)£wtf.(j_4}c tilt. ll5•~£A)Cf Of /"'if{d['r f/JOifM.t,11e1 _l_tJ:-_i'-10 ;or 
U I returned the subpoena unexecuted because: 
Unless the subpoena was issued on behalf ofthe United States, or one of its officers or agents, I have also 
tendered to the witness fees for one day's attendance, and the mileage allowed by law, in the amount of 
$ 
My fees are$ 
for travel and $ 
for services. for a total of$ 
0.00 
Date: 
72!0 fVIII J 
I 
Printed name and tiJ/c 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 
;10S0 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__006.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__007-01.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 007-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 7-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 10/29/2010   Page 1 of 2
M.J., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OJ/' FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:10-cv-811 ll-WPD 
______________ ! 
AFFIDAVIT OF RICHARD BARNETT 
_I :Richard Barnett, being duly sworn, do depose and state as follows: 
1. 
I am over the age of 18, am otherwise competent to testify and base the following on 
my personal knowledge. 
2. 
On Wednesday, October 13, 2010, an unmarked and unpostmarked envelope was 
discovered in the mailbox at Mr. Espstein's vacation home in New York City at 9 East 71" Street. 
The envelope contained a Summons and Complaint in the subject action, a Civil :Rico Case 
Statement, a deposition subpoena, notices of video depositions, interrogatories and requests for 
production. 
3. 
Service was never delivered to anyone at Mr. Esptein's house. 
EXHIBIT 
I _AL...<,___ 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 7-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 10/29/2010   Page 2 of 2
~~. 
CHARDBAR 
TT 
Sworn and subscribed before me thiszq--t:'1ay of Qdo be_y , 20 IO by Richard Barnett 
who is personally known to me or has produce<}\)/DY ive r: 5 l ic~ Y1C:£ 
as identification. 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES: t/z,C/ /;} 
~.~ 
.. =u•--• . J 
• liio. OllfbY~l-44 
Quaflllaa In Qwima e ' 
My Comml:salon l:xpfre.s l 
.... ·-- ., .. , .. -... ,._,_ 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__007-01.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__007.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 007.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 7   Entered on FLSD Docket 10/29/2010   Page 1 of 5
M.J., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
_____________ 
,! 
MOTION OF DEFENDANT JEFFREY ESPTEIN TO QUASH SERVICE OF PROCESS 
AND SUPPORTING MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, by and through undersigned counsel, respectfully moves pursuant 
to Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(b)(S) to quash service of process, and without waiving any available 
jurisdictional defenses and without making a general appearance, states as follows: 
SUMMARY OF ARGUMENT 
Plaintiff, M.J ., attempted to effect service on Mr. Epstein by leaving a copy of the Summons 
and Complaint in an unmarked, unaddressed and unpostmarked envelope in a mailbox at Mr. 
Epstein's vacation house at 9 East 71st Street, New York, New York, at an unknown time between 
October 8, 2010 and October 13, 2010. Such "service" does not comply with the requirements for 
service of process under New York, Florida or federal law. The attempt at service of process was 
ineffective. Service of process should be quashed. 
BACKGROUND 
1. 
The Complaint in this action was filed, and a summons was issued as to Jeffrey 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. • EsPIRITO SANTO PLAZA. 1395 BRICKEll AVENUE, 14™ FLOOR, MIAMI, FLORIDA 33131 -3302 • (305) 789-9200 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 7   Entered on FLSD Docket 10/29/2010   Page 2 of 5
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
Epstein, on September 17, 2010. 
2. 
On Wednesday, October 13, 2010, an unmarked, unaddressed and unpostmarked 
envelope was discovered in the mailbox at Mr. Epstein's vacation home at 9 East 71
st Street, New 
York, New York. The envelope contained a Summons and Complaint in the subject action, a Civil 
Rico Case Statement, a deposition subpoena, notices of video depositions, interrogatories and 
requests for production. (Ex. A, Aff. Richard Barnett). 
3. 
Service was never delivered to anyone at Mr. Epstein's vacation home in New York. 
(Id.). 
4. 
On or about October 13, 2010, Plaintiff's counsel, Brad Edwards, Esq. upon leaving 
a hearing in Bankruptcy Court before the Honorable Raymond Ray, advised Christopher Knight, 
Esq., that Plaintiff M.J. had service on Mr. Epstein at his building in New York. That prompted 
undersigned counsel's firm to review the court file in the instant case, which indicated that there was 
no return of service in the court file. As of today, there is a document which purports to be a return 
of service. 
ARGUMENT 
NO SERVICE UNDER FLORIDA, NEW YORK OR FEDERAL LAW 
In this action, three methods of service of process are authorized by the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure. First, service can be effected pursuant to the procedures "in the state where the district 
court is located" - i.e. Florida. See Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(l). Second, service can be effected in 
accordance with the procedures "in the state ... where service is made" - i.e. New York. Id. Finally, 
service can be effected pursuant to federal procedures by delivering a copy of the summons and 
FOWLER W!IlTE BURNETT P.A. • EsPIRITO SANTO PLAzA, I 395 BRICRELL AVENUE, 14™ F'LoOR, MIAMI, FLORIDA 33131-3302 • (305) 789-9200 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 7   Entered on FLSD Docket 10/29/2010   Page 3 of 5
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
complaint to the individual personally, leaving a copy of same at the individual's dwelling "with 
someone of suitable age and discretion who resides there" or delivering a copy to an agent authorized 
to accept service of process. See Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(l). Service was not effected pursuant to any 
of these three methods of service available to Plaintiff. 
No Service Under Florida Law. Under § 48.031(1)(a), Fla. Stat., service "is made by 
delivering a copy of it to the person to be served with a copy of the complaint, petition, or other 
initial pleading or paper or by leaving the copies at his or her usual place of abode with any person 
residing therein who is 15 years of age or older and informing the person of their contents .... " 
Leaving an unmarked envelope with a summon and complaint in a mailbox at a vacation residence 
does not comply with§ 48.031(1)(a), Fla. Stat. 
No Service Under New York Law. Under New York law, personal service may be made inter 
alia on an individual by delivering the summons and complaint to the defendant or "to a person of 
suitable' age and discretion at the actual place of business, dwelling place or usual abode of the 
[defendant]," and by mailing the summons and complaint to the person to be served at his last 
known address by first class mail. N.Y.C.P.L.R. §308(2). (McKinney 2008). Proof of such service 
must be "filed with the clerk of the court designated in the summons within twenty days of either 
such delivery or mailing, whichever is effected later." Id. Neither of these procedures was followed 
in the instant case. Merely leaving an unmarked envelope with a summons and complaint in a 
mailbox does not comply with New York law on service of process. 
No Service under Federal Law. Under Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(2), service is effected by 
delivering a copy of the summons and complaint to the defendant personally; by leaving a copy of 
FOWI,ER WHITE BURNETT P.A. • EsPIRITO SANTO PLAZA, 1395 BRICKEL A VENUE, 14111 FLOOR, MIAMI, FLORIDA 33131-3302 • (305) 789-9200 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 7   Entered on FLSD Docket 10/29/2010   Page 4 of 5
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
same at the "individual's dwelling or usual place of abode with someone of suitable age and 
discretion who resides there; or by delivering a copy of same "to an agent authorized by appointment 
or by law to receive service of process." There is no question that service was not effected pursuant 
to any of foregoing provisions of federal law. 
Accordingly, service of process must be quashed because it was completely ineffective under 
Florida, New York and federal law. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant Jeffrey Epstein respectfully requests that service of process be 
quashed. 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Christopher E. Knight 
Fla. Bar No. 607363 
cknight@fowler-white.com 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Fla. Bar No. 195677 
lsanchez@fowler-white.com 
Helaine S. Goodner 
Fla. Bar No. 462111 
hgoodner@fowler-white.com 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131-3302 
Telephone: (305) 789-9200 
Facsimile: (305) 789-9201 
Counsel.for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. • EsPIRITO SANTO PLAzA, 1395 BRICKELL AvENUE, J 4m Fi.ooR. MIAMI, Fi.oRIDA 33l31-3302 • (305) 789-9200 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 7   Entered on FLSD Docket 10/29/2010   Page 5 of 5
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on October 29, 2010, I electronically filed the foregoing document with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record or pro se parties identified on the attached Service List in the manner 
specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some 
other authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are not authorized to receive electronically 
Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/1..illy Ann Sanchez 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
lsanchez@fowler-white.com 
SERVICE LIST 
M.J. v. Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Bradley J. Edwards 
brad@pathtojustice.com 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards 
Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone: (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile: (954) 524-2822 
Attorneys for Plaintiff M.J. 
Served via CM/ECF 
FOWLER WHITE BURNEIT P.A.• EsPIRITO SANTO PLAzA, 1395 BRICKELL AVENUE, 14IB FLOOR, MIAMI, FLoRIDA 33131-3302 • (305) 789-9200 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__007.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__009.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 009.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/01/2010   Page 1 of 3
M.J., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
--------------~/ 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that Helaine S. Goodner of the law firm of Fowler White Burnett, 
P.A. hereby gives notice of appearance as attorney to be noticed for Defendant JEFFREY ESPTEIN 
in the above-styled cause. All parties are requested to forward copies of all pleadings, notices, 
electronic notices, papers and correspondence to undersigned counsel. 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT • ESPIRITO SANTO PLAZA, 1395 BRICKELL A VENUE, 14111 FLOOR, MIAMI, FLORIDA 33131-3302 • (305) 789-9200 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/01/2010   Page 2 of 3
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/Helaine S. Goodner 
Christopher E. Knight 
Fla. Bar No. 607363 
cknight@fowler-white.com 
Helaine S. Goodner 
Fla. Bar No. 462111 
hgoodner@fowler-white.com 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Fla. Bar No. 195677 
las@fowler-white.com 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131-3302 
Telephone: (305) 789-9200 
Facsimile: (305) 789-9201 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on November 1, 20 I 0, I electronically filed the foregoing document with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record or pro se parties identified on the attached Service List in the manner 
specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some 
other authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are not authorized to receive electronically 
Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/Helaine S. Goodner 
Helaine S. Goodner 
Fla. Bar No. 462111 
-2-
FOWLER WHITE BURNE IT• ESPIRITO SANTO PLAZA, 1395 BRICKELL A VENUE, 14m FLOOR, MIAMI, FLORIDA 33131 -3302 • (305) 789-9200 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/01/2010   Page 3 of 3
SERVICE LIST 
M.J. v. Epstein 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Bradley J. Edwards 
brad@pathtojustice.com 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards 
Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone: (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile: (954) 524-2822 
Attorneys for Plaintiff M.J. 
Served via CM/ECF 
-3-
FOWLER WIBTE BURNETT• ESPIRITO SANTO PLAZA, 1395 BRICKELL AVENUE, 14m FLOOR, MIAMI, FLORIDA 33131-3302 • (305) 789-9200 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__009.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__010.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 010.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.:  9:10-cv-81111 
M.J.,  
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendants. 
______________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF, MJ’s, NOTICE OF STRIKING CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE (DE5) AND 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE (DE 6)  
Plaintiff, MJ, by and through her undersigned counsel and pursuant to The Clerk Notice 
to Filer entered November 1, 2010, hereby strikes CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE by MJ Proof of 
Service Summons on Defendant, Epstein (DE 5), and CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE by MJ 
Proof of Service of Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition to Defendant, Epstein (DE 6), due to 
incorrect filing. 
Respectfully Submitted, 
DATED: November 2, 2010 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards              
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/02/2010   Page 1 of 2

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on November 2, 2010 I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing document 
is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either 
via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other 
authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to receive electronically filed Notices 
of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
SERVICE LIST 
M.J. v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
lsanchez@fowler-white.com 
Christopher E. Knight 
cknight@fowler-white.com  
Helaine S. Goodner 
hgoodner@fowler-white.com 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT PA 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th
1395 Brickell Avenue 
 Floor 
Miami, FL  33131-3302 
Counsel for Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/02/2010   Page 2 of 2


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__010.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__011.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 011.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.:  9:10-cv-81111 
M.J.,  
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendants. 
______________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF, MJ’s, SUMMONS (AFFIDAVIT) RETURNED EXECUTED 
PROOF OF SERVICE SUMMONS ON DEFENDANT, EPSTEIN 
Plaintiff, MJ, by and through her undersigned counsel and pursuant to The Clerk Notice 
to Filer entered November 1, 2010, hereby file executed, PROOF OF SERVICE SUMMONS 
ON DEFENDANT EPSTEIN
. 
Respectfully Submitted, 
DATED: November 2, 2010 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards              
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/02/2010   Page 1 of 3

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on November 2, 2010 I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing document 
is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either 
via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other 
authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to receive electronically filed Notices 
of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
SERVICE LIST 
M.J. v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
lsanchez@fowler-white.com 
Christopher E. Knight 
cknight@fowler-white.com  
Helaine S. Goodner 
hgoodner@fowler-white.com 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT PA 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, FL  33131-3302 
Counsel for Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/02/2010   Page 2 of 3

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/02/2010   Page 3 of 3
A0440(Rft. 12f09> Summons in a Civil ActKl1t(hae 1) 
Civil Action No. 
PROOF OF SERVICE 
(T1tis seetion should not be flied willi tlu, eourt ""'-rettulretl by Fed. R. Ch. P. 4 (1)) 
This summons for (namt ofiodMdw,J and 11d,. l/ .. yJ 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
was re.,-eived by me on(~ Sf/>~ol ;;41r:3·-=--"'----=-----------------
Date: 
o I personally served the summons on the individual at fp/ua,J 
Oll{dot,J 
; or 
)J I left the summons at the individual's residence o.-usual place ofabode with /.,,...J -· -· /111'!.~/!_k~---
' a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, 
-~~ (daJe/ QC r; __ ...,8~(}.-'o-10-_ -, an-d-ma-iled- a copy to the individual's last known address; or 
I served the summons on (~ of indirid,,afJ 
designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of r..,., of organizatlo•J 
on (date) 
;or 
• who is 
;or 
CJ l rerumed the summons unexecuted because 
CJ Other !,p,c!/J'k 
------------------
My fcesareS 
for tr,vel and S 
for services,. for a total of S 
0.00 
Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__011.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__012-01.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 012-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 12-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/03/2010   Page 1 of 2
M.J., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case.No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
AFFIDAVIT OF RICHARD BARNETT 
I, Richard Barnett, being duly sworn, do depose and state as follows: 
I. 
I am over the age of 18, am otherwise competent to testify and base the following on 
my personal knowledge. 
2. 
I was on the premises of9 East 71" Street, New York, New York, the entire day of 
October 8, 20 I 0. 
3. 
On October 8, 2010, no individual by the name of"Mark" worked, resided or was 
presenton the premises of9 East 71" Street, New York, New York. 
4. 
On October 8, 20 I 0, no individual by the name of "Mark" received a subpoena at 
East 71" Street, New York, New York. 
FURTHER AFFIANT SA YETH NOT. 
RICHARD BARNETT 
EXHIBIT 
I 
A 
------

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 12-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/03/2010   Page 2 of 2
Sworn and subscribed before me this l 
day of 'f.}V-#11,d,.//..,.. 
IO by Richard Barnett 
who is personally known to me or has produced ___________ as identification. 
NO ARY PUBLIC 
STATE OF NEW YORK 
HARRY I. BEU.rn 
Notary Public, State of New York 
No. 018E485ci924 
Qualified itl ROc'-.la_ nd Countyi!:/· 
Commission Expires Feb. 17. 20 
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES: 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__012-01.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__012.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 012.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/03/2010   Page 1 of 2
M.J., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
______________ 
_JI 
NOTICE OF FILING SUPPLEMENTAL AFFIDAVIT 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, hereby files the Supplemental Affidavit of Richard Barnett 
(Exhibit A) in support of its Motion of Defendant Jeffrey Esptein to Quash Service of Process and 
Supporting Memorandum of Law (D.E. 7). 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Christopher E. Knight 
Fla. Bar No. 607363 
cknight@fowler-white.com 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Fla. Bar No. 195677 
lsanchez@fowler-white.com 
Helaine S. Goodner 
Fla. Bar No. 462111 
hgoodner@fowler-white.com 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131-3302 
Telephone: (305) 789-9200 
Facsimile: (305) 789-9201 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. • EsPIRITO SANTO PLAZA, 1395 BRICKEll A VENUE, 14" FLOOR, MIAMI, Fl.oRIDA 33131-3302 • (305) 789-9200 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/03/2010   Page 2 of 2
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on November 3,2010, I electronically filed the foregoing document with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record or pro se parties identified on the attached Service List in the manner 
specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some 
other authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are not authorized to receive electronically 
Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
lsanchez@fowler-white.com 
SERVICE LIST 
M.J. v. Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Bradley J. Edwards 
brad@pathtojustice.com 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards 
Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone: (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile: (954) 524-2822 
Attorneys for Plaintiff M.J. 
Served via CM/ECF 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. • EsPIRITO SANTO PLAZA, 1395 BRICKELL A VENUE, J 4m PLOOR, MIAMI, FLORIDA 33131-3302 • (305) 789-9200 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__012.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__013.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 013.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
CASE NO. 10-81111-CIV-DIMITROULEAS
M.J.,
Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH KELLEN,
Defendants.
_____________________________________/
ORDER DENYING MOTION WITHOUT PREJUDICE
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon the Motion of Defendant Jeffrey Epstein to Quash
Service of Process and Supporting Memorandum of Law [DE-7], filed herein on October 29,
2010.  The Court has carefully considered the Motion and is otherwise fully advised in the
premises.
Accordingly, it is ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the Motion of Defendant Jeffrey
Epstein to Quash Service of Process and Supporting Memorandum of Law [DE-7] is hereby
DENIED WITHOUT PREJUDICE to file a motion that complies with the requirements of
S.D. Fla. L.R. 7.1.A.3., which requires the moving party to certify that he has conferred, or
describes a reasonable effort to confer, with the parties affected in a good faith effort to resolve
the dispute.  
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, Florida this
8th day of November, 2010.
Copies furnished to:
Counsel of Record
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 13   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/08/2010   Page 1 of 1
1,>j1
• ,k
~ 
,-
J / 
~ 
~- ~--; 
J:,7 
,~ -
u~ 4ft£-~~::/ 
DIMITRcfuLEAS 
United States District Judge 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__013.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__014.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 014.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD
M.J.,
Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and
SARAH KELLEN,
Defendant.
___________________________________/
RENEWED MOTION OF DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN TO QUASH 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND SUPPORTING MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, by and through undersigned counsel, respectfully moves pursuant
to Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(b)(5) to quash service of process, and without waiving any available
jurisdictional defenses and without making a general appearance, states as follows.
SUMMARY OF ARGUMENT
Plaintiff, M.J., attempted to effect service on Mr. Epstein by leaving a copy of the Summons
and Complaint in an unmarked, unaddressed and unpostmarked envelope in a mailbox at Mr.
Epsteins’ vacation house at 9 East 71  Street, New York, New York, at an unknown time between
st
October 8, 2010 and October 13, 2010, and by purportedly leaving a summons with “Mark” at Mr.
Epstein’s alleged “residence or usual place of abode.”  Such purported “service” does not comply
with the requirements of service of process under New York, Florida or federal law.  The attempt
at service of process was ineffective.  Service of process should be quashed. 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 14   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/10/2010   Page 1 of 7

Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD
BACKGROUND
1.
The Complaint in this action was filed, and a summons was issued as to Jeffrey
Epstein, on September 17, 2010.
2.
The Proof of Service filed by Plaintiff (D.E. 11 at 3) recites that the process server
left the summons at Mr. Epstein’s 
residence or usual place of abode with Mark, a person
of suitable age and discretion who resides there, on
Oct. 8, 2010, and mailed a copy to the individual’s
last known address . . . .  
The foregoing proof of service was originally filed on October 29, 2010.  (D.E. 5). It was
subsequently stricken (D.E. 10), and then refiled on November 2, 2010 (D.E. 11).
3.
On Wednesday, October 13, 2010, an unmarked, unaddressed and unpostmarked
envelope was discovered in the mailbox at Mr. Epstein’s vacation home at 9 East 71  Street, New
st
York, New York.  The envelope contained a Summons and Complaint in the subject action, a Civil
Rico Case Statement, a deposition subpoena, notices of video depositions, interrogatories and
requests for production.  (Affidavit of Richard Barnett, D.E. 7-1; Exhibit “A” to D.E. 7). 
4.
According to the Affidavit of Richard Barnett, who was at the premises the entire day
of October 8, 2010, no individual by the name of “Mark” worked, resided or was present on the
premises of 9 East 71  Street, New York, New York.  (Supplemental Affidavit of Richard Barnett,
st
D.E. 12-1; Exhibit “A” to D.E. 12).
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 14   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/10/2010   Page 2 of 7

Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD
ARGUMENT
NO SERVICE WAS MADE ON MR. EPSTEIN
In this action three methods of service of process are authorized by the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure.  First, service can be effected pursuant to the procedures “in the state where the district
court is located” - i.e. Florida.  See Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(1).  Second, service can be effected in
accordance with the procedures “in the state . . . where service is made” - i.e. New York.  Id.  Finally,
service can be effected pursuant to federal procedures by delivering a copy of the summons and
complaint to the individual personally, leaving a copy of same at the individual’s dwelling “with
someone of suitable age and discretion who resides there” or delivering a copy to an agent authorized
to accept service of process.  See Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(1).  Service was not effected pursuant to any
of the foregoing methods of service. 
No Service Under Florida Law.  Under § 48.031(1)(a), Fla. Stat., service “is made by
delivering a copy of it to the person to be served with a copy of the complaint, petition, or other
initial pleading or paper or by leaving the copies at his or her usual place of abode with any person
residing therein who is 15 years of age or older and informing the person of their contents . . . .”  
Plaintiff did not comply with § 48.031(1)(a), Fla. Stat.  First, leaving an unmarked envelope with a
summon and complaint in a mailbox at a vacation residence does not comply with  § 48.031(1)(a),
Fla. Stat.  Second, although the process server recited that he left the summons with “Mark,” there
was no “Mark” on the premises on October 8, let alone a “Mark” who resided at 9 East 71  Street.
st
(See Ex. B).  Finally, the proof of service does not state that “Mark” was informed of the contents
of the complaint, as required by § 48.031(1)(a), Fla. Stat. 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 14   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/10/2010   Page 3 of 7

Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD
No Service Under New York Law.  Under New York law, personal service may be made by
delivering the summons and complaint to the defendant or “to a person of suitable age and discretion
at the actual place of business, dwelling place or usual abode of the [defendant],” and by mailing the
summons and complaint to the person to be served at his last known address.  N.Y.C.P.L.R. §
308(2).  (McKinney 2008).  In addition, proof of such service must be “filed with the clerk of the
court designated in the summons within twenty days of either such delivery or mailing, whichever
is effected later.”  Id. The foregoing requirements were not satisfied in the instant case.  First, merely
leaving an unmarked envelope with a summons and complaint in a mailbox does not constitute
“mailing” under New York law.  Second, there was no substitute service because there was no
“Mark” on the premisses on October 8, 2010.  (See Ex. B).  Third, in violation of New York law,
proof of service was not filed with the Clerk of the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Florida within twenty (20) days of purported service.  See C.P.L.R. § 308(2).  Although
the summons was purportedly delivered on October 8, 2010, it was not filed in the district court until
October 29, 2010 -- after the 20-day period expired.  Finally, C.P.L.R. 308(2) requires that the proof
of service state the “date, time and place of service . . . .”  The Affidavit filed by Plaintiff does not
state the time or place of service, as required by C.P.L.R. § 308(2).
Failure to comply strictly  with the requirements of C.P.L.R. 308(2) requires dismissal.  See,
e.g., Fova, Inc. v. Latino Films, Inc., 2010 N.Y. Misc. LEXIS 4069, at *7 (Sup. Ct. N.Y. County
Aug. 11, 2010) (affidavit of service which failed to state address that the summons was mailed to
was a jurisdictional defect requiring dismissal); Stanley Agency v. Behind the Bench, 2009 N.Y.
Misc. LEXIS 833, at *21 (Sup. Ct. Kings County April 13, 2009) (same). 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 14   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/10/2010   Page 4 of 7

Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD
No Service Under Federal Law.  Under Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(2), service is effected by
delivering a copy of the summons and complaint to the defendant personally, by leaving a copy of
same at the “individual’s dwelling or usual place of abode with someone of suitable age and
discretion who resides there; or by delivering a copy of same “to an agent authorized by appointment
or by law to receive service of process.”  Service was not effected pursuant to any of foregoing
provisions of federal law. 
Accordingly, service of process must be quashed because it was invalid under Florida, New
York and federal law.  
Certificate of Good Faith Conference Pursuant to S.D. Fla. L.R. 7.1.  I hereby certify that
counsel for the movant has conferred with all parties or non-parties who may be affected by the relief
sought in this motion in a good faith effort to resolve the issues but has been unable to do so.
WHEREFORE, Defendant Jeffrey Epstein respectfully requests that service of process be
quashed. 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 14   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/10/2010   Page 5 of 7

Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD
-6-
Respectfully submitted,
 s/Christopher E. Knight                                
Christopher E. Knight
Fla. Bar No. 607363
cknight@fowler-white.com
Helaine S. Goodner
Fla. Bar No. 462111
hgoodner@fowler-white.com
Lilly Ann Sanchez
Fla. Bar No. 195677
las@fowler-white.com
Joseph L. Ackerman
Fla. Bar No. 235954
jackerman@fowler-white.com
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A.
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14  Floor
th
1395 Brickell Avenue
Miami, Florida 33131-3302
Telephone: (305) 789-9200
Facsimile:  (305) 789-9201
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
I hereby certify that on November 10, 2010, I electronically filed the foregoing document
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing document is being
served this day on all counsel of record or pro se parties identified on the attached Service List in the
manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or
in some other authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are not authorized to receive
electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
 s/Christopher E. Knight                                
Christopher E. Knight
Fla. Bar No. 607363
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 14   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/10/2010   Page 6 of 7

Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD
-7-
SERVICE LIST
M.J. v. Epstein
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Bradley J. Edwards
brad@pathtojustice.com
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards
  Fistos & Lehrman, PL
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
Telephone: (954) 524-2820
Facsimile:  (954) 524-2822
Attorneys for Plaintiff M.J.
Served via CM/ECF
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 14   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/10/2010   Page 7 of 7


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__014.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__015-01.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 015-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 2
AFFIDAVIT OF BRADLEY JAMES EDWARDS 
1. 
am an attorney in good standing with the Florida Bar and admitted to practice in the 
Southern District of Florida. 
2. The law firm of Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos and Lehrman, of which I am a partner, 
filed a recent lawsuit on September 17, 2010 against Jeffrey Epstein, case number 10-
81111, in federal Court in the Southern District of Florida. 
3. Defendant Epstein is a registered sex offender as a result of his pleading guilty to felonies 
related to his illegal sexual conduct with minor children. 
4. Through discovery in other cases, I learned that Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel were 
close friends and business associates of Mr. Epstein who had important and relevant 
information concerning Mr. Epstein. 
5. Both Ms. Maxwell and Mr. Brunel avoided having their depositions taken by relaying false 
information that they were out of the country with no intentions of returning. 
6. Ms. Maxwell relayed through counsel that, just before her scheduled deposition, her 
mother became deathly ill, and Ms. Maxwell was therefore going to be with her mother 
outside the United States with no intention of returning. 
7. She was photographed a month later in the United States attending Chelsea Clinton's 
wedding and that photograph was captured in US Weekly magazine. 
8. According to widely circulated press reports, including a 60 minutes documentary and Ian 
Halperin's book "Bad and Beautiful: Inside the Dazzling and Deadly World of Supermodels", 
Mr. Brunel has been known as a drug abuser that has molested children through his 
modeling agencies. 
9. Mr. Brunel frequently stayed at Epstein's house as a house guest and also has reported his 
primary address at an apartment building in New York at 301 East 66th Street, an apartment 
that is believed to be owned by Mr. Epstein. 
10. Mr. Brunel visited Mr. Epstein approximately 67 times while Mr. Epstein was in jail serving 
his jail sentence for his sexual crimes in Palm Beach County. 
11. Mr. Brunel was set for deposition and avoided his deposition by providing information 
through his counsel that he was out of the country with no intention of ever returning to 
the United States. 
12. When Mr. Brunel relayed the information that he was out of the country with no plans to 
return, he was actually staying with Mr. Epstein at Mr. Epstein's according to Mr. Epstein's 
probation logs. 
13. During discovery it was nearly impossible to take the deposition of someone that could 
provide relevant information against Mr. Epstein that was not represented by an attorney 
being paid by Mr. Epstein. 
14. It was learned that in addition to paying for his own counsel, Mr. Epstein also paid for 
counsel for the following other material witnesses: Sarah Kellen (Epstein's executive 
assistant and procurer of girls for him to abuse), Larry Visoski (Epstein's personal pilot), 
Dave Rogers (Epstein's personal pilot), Larry Harrison (Epstein's personal pilot), Louella 
Rabuyo (Epstein's housekeeper), Nadia Marcinkova (Epstein's live-in sex slave), Ghislaine 
Maxwell (manager of Epstein's affairs and businesses) , Mark Epstein (Epstein's brother), 
and Janusz Banasiak (Epstein's house manager). 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 2
15. In this case of MJ v. Jeffrey Epstein, case 10-81111, I contacted Mr. Epstein's counsel, Mr. 
Knight to request that he accept service for his client and he declined. 
16. My law firm was then forced to retain the services of Thomas Marsigliano, a private 
investigator in New York, to serve Mr. Epstein. 
17. My law firm has been forced to spend more than $1,400.00, on the service of process in this 
case to date. 
18. In a previous civil case against Jeffrey Epstein that I litigated on behalf of my client, Jane 
Doe, case number 08-80893, Mr. Epstein invoked his 5th amendment right against self-
incrimination on nearly all discovery requests as well as all relevant questions posed to him 
and his co-conspirators in deposition. 
19. One piece of "evidence" that Mr. Epstein was ordered to produce included correspondence 
between him and his lawyers and the United States government. 
20. Mr. Epstein alleged to have produced all correspondence from the U.S. government to him 
or his attorneys but did not produce that correspondence from him or his attorneys to the 
government. 
21. I recently learned that there exists additional correspondence between Mr. Epstein or his 
attorneys and the United States government that was not produced for some unknown 
reason. 
22. Specifically, I learned that there exists correspondence between Epstein attorney Lilly Ann 
Sanchez and former United States prosecutor Matthew Menchel as well as between Epstein 
attorney Ken Starr and various government attorneys and/or supervisors. 
I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. 
FURTHER AFFIANT SAYETH NAUGHT. 
Dated this 11th day of November, 2010. 
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged befor 
2010 by BRAD EDWARDS, who is personally known to me 
NOT~RY PUBLI 
Printe,ame: ________ _ 
My Commission Expires: 
/f,,-:,.1,'rift, 
MARIA W. KEl.1.£HIAN 
/'A°\1 MY COMMISSION I DO 813393 
~~~,, 
EXPIRES: August 11, 2012 
,flf,,r,i 
8ondod ThN Nawy f'IA>lo lk,deMlff«t 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__015-01.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__015-02.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 015-02.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 2
IN RE PLAINTIFF MJ 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 9:10-CV-81111-WPD 
AFFIDAVIT OF THOMAS MARSIGLIANO 
1. Your Affiant is a former New York City Police Detective and a current private 
investigator licensed by the State of New York to conduct investigations and serve process, 
I have been retained by the law firm of Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos and 
Lehrman to serve a summons, complaint, subpoena for deposition, interrogatories, request 
for production on Jeffrey Epstein. The case is MJ v. Jeffrey Epstein, No. I 0-81111, and is 
currently pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. 
2. On September 20, 2010 I received a package from the law firm of Farmer Jaffe 
Weissing Edwards Fistos and Lehrman which contained the summons, complaint, 
subpoena for deposition, interrogatories, request for production on MJ v. Jeffrey Epstein. I 
was advised by Michael Fisten, a Florida Licensed Private Investigator who is working for 
the law firm of Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos and Lehrman that the summons 
should be served at Epstein's New York residence located at 9 East 71 Street, New York 
City, New York. 
3. I had learned from Investigator Fisten that Epstein's New York residence has been 
featured in Magazines and News Papers as a residence that once belonged to Epstein's long 
time associate Leslie Wexner and now belongs to Jeffrey Epstein. Investigator Fisten also 
related to me that while Epstein was on probation in 20 I 0, Epstein listed his residence in 
New York as 9 East 71 Street on official probation travel documents and that an asset 
investigation revealed that Epstein was the owner of the residence. 
4. On Tuesday the 21 st Day of September 2010 your Affiant conducted surveillance at 
the Epstein residence. Activity was observed in and out of the residence which would 
indicate that persons(s) were residing within. 
At one point Federal Agents from the 
Department of State secured the Epstein residence and closed the street where the residence 
was located. The State Department Agents were providing security for a foreign dignitary 
that was visiting the Epstein residence. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 2
5. On Friday the 8th day of October 2010, your Affiant knocked on the residential front 
door of the Epstein residence located at 9 East 71 Street, New York. New York. A white 
male who identified himself as "Mark" answered the front door. Your Affiant advised 
"Mark" that I was a New York Private Investigator and that I had court papers to serve on 
Jeffrey Epstein for a lawsuit in Florida. Mark advised that Mr. Epstein was not at home at 
the time. Mark agreed to accept service for Mr. Epstein. I left the summons, complaint, 
subpoena for deposition, interrogatories, request for production with "Mark" who reentered 
the residence carrying the package in his hands. 
6. Based on my interaction with "Mark" and my observations, it was obvious that 
"Mark" was familiar with Jeffrey Epstein, had authority to answer the door of Mr. 
Epstein's home and accept service for Mr. Epstein. 
7. Mark agreed to give the papers to Mr. Epstein or Epstein's lawyers before accepting 
the document'! and returning back inside the home. 
8. Your affiant prepared the proper return of service documents and forwarded them to 
Attorney Bradley Edwards to file in Florida. 
I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. 
FURTIIER AFFIANT SA YEIH NAUGHT. 
Dated this O 5day of November, 2010. 
• iano, Private Investigator 
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this :5 +-I, day of 
November, 2010 by Thomas Marsigliano, who is personally known to me. /fzo/4a,£ 
/4:'. xs 1-<w d 
My Commission Expires: 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
l'nnlN•m•~ve-
LVNN 
OESSNER 
Notaty Publlc, State pf New YPtk 
NP. 01MQ4970982 
Qualified In Nassau CPUntv 
CommiNion Explrea 8/20/2014 
' 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__015-02.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__015-03.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 015-03.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 1
r=•-r 
!: -------------------, 
i: 
i-· ,. 
I' 
,. 
I/V\PORTANT /VlESSAGE 
TELEPHONED 
K 
CAME TO SEE YOU 
WANTS TO SEE YOU 
RETURNED YOUR CALL 
PLEASE CALL . 
WILL CALL AGAIN 
RUSH 
SPECIAL ATTENTION 
a 
1184 
i 
. 
I 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__015-03.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__015-04.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 015-04.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE,   
CASE NO.  08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
_________________________________/ 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381,  
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
__________________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE’S MOTION FOR AN ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE AND FOR 
AN ORDER TO COMPEL AND INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW  
Plaintiff, Jane Doe, respectfully files this motion for entry of an order directed to 
Jean Luc Brunel and his counsel ordering them to show cause why they should not be 
held in contempt, for sanctions, and for an order compelling Jean Luc Brunel to appear 
for a deposition within 20 days.  After plaintiff Jane Doe served Brunel with a subpoena 
for a deposition in this case, his attorney, on his behalf, represented that Brunel would 
appear for a deposition if Jane Doe would postpone the scheduled deposition date.  As 
an accommodation to him, Jane Doe did postpone the scheduled deposition date, but 
then Brunel has not appeared as agreed for a deposition.  After much communication in 
an attempt to coordinate Brunel’s deposition, Brunel’s counsel represented that Brunel 
was outside of the country, and thus unavailable, when in fact he was inside the country 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 483    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 1 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
and easily available for a deposition.  Because of these false representations, this Court 
should direct Brunel and his counsel to show cause why they should not be held in 
contempt.   This Court should also compel Brunel to appear for the deposition that was 
previously scheduled and that he has avoided only through these false representations.  
Finally, the Court should sanction the appropriate person(s) for causing the undersigned 
to spend unnecessary time filing this motion. 
BACKGROUND 
Jane Doe personally served Jean Luc Brunel in New York City to appear for 
deposition in this case.  The subpoena indicated a deposition date of September 22, 
2009 at 10:00 A.M. in New York City, New York.   Brunel is an important witness in this 
case, as he is a good friend of Epstein’s and has information regarding Epstein’s pattern 
and practice of obtaining young girls for sexual purposes, relevant issues not yet 
admitted by Defendant Epstein. 
Shortly after Brunel was served, counsel for Jane Doe was contacted by Tama 
Beth Kudman, Esq., a licensed attorney in Florida.  Kudman stated that she represented 
Brunel with regard to the subpoena and that she would produce Brunel for deposition in 
West Palm Beach if Jane Doe would agree not to go forward with the deposition date in 
New York.  Counsel for Jane Doe honored that request, and with Kudman jointly 
arranged a deposition date for Brunel in West Palm Beach for October.   
Shortly before his deposition was to take place, Ms. Kudman contacted counsel 
for Jane Doe to move that deposition date because of a personal conflict.  Once again, 
counsel for Jane Doe agreed.  After several conversations regarding the deposition of 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 483    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 2 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Brunel, Kudman asked that counsel for Jane Doe set Brunel for deposition in January of 
2010, as that was a time when she could assure his availability.   
In January, counsel for Jane Doe again contacted Ms. Kudman to arrange a 
mutually convenient deposition time.  Ms. Kudman stated that Brunel would be in 
Florida the first week of February and she would work to coordinate his deposition for 
that time.  
The undersigned’s office contacted Ms. Kudman’s office on several occasions in 
January to coordinate a February deposition date of Brunel.  On January 29, 2010, Ms. 
Kudman returned the call and left a voicemail apologizing for not returning the call 
sooner and indicating that she had only been waiting to hear from Mr. Brunel as to his 
availability, and she invited the undersigned to contact her the following week to set it 
up.  On February 5, 2010, counsel for Jane Doe contacted Ms. Kudman to coordinate 
Brunel’s deposition.  During that telephone conversation, Ms. Kudman represented that 
her client, Mr. Brunel, had previously left the country to go to his home country of 
France before the New Year.  Ms. Kudman further represented that while she believed 
he was going to return, it turned out that he had no plans to return.  Ms. Kudman also 
stated that if Brunel was in the country, she would make good on her representation that 
she would produce him.  However, she had just spoken to him via a telephone call from 
him in France. Brunel told Kudman that he was staying there indefinitely with no plans 
to return.  In subsequent telephone conversations, Ms. Kudman continued to represent 
that Mr. Brunel had been out of the country since sometime prior to the New Year and 
was not planning to return.   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 483    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 3 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Counsel for Jane Doe responded that this representation seemed quite strange, 
since Brunel has a significant business in the United States.  Kudman replied that it was 
simply too expensive for him to return and that because of the expense he had no 
intentions of returning.  Counsel for Jane Doe then pointed out that when Brunel was 
served, Kudman had promised he would be produced for deposition.  Kudman replied 
that because he is in France with no plans to return there was simply nothing she could 
do.    Kudman further advised counsel for Jane Doe that if he wanted to take Brunel’s 
deposition in France, then it would be necessary to obtain a Letters Rogatory and go 
through the French Consulate.  After these procedures, Kudman then indicated it would 
be necessary to take a trip to France for his deposition.  Counsel for Jane Doe indicated 
that he might be willing to go through that process, but that he would like for Kudman to 
tell him if Brunel happened to return to the United States.  Kudman promised that she 
would.  
Remarkably, after all of these representations had been made by Kudman, it 
turns out that Brunel was actually in the United States during the time when Jane Doe 
was trying to take his depositon.  In fact, on February 16, 2010, counsel for Jane Doe 
took the deposition of Jeffrey Epstein’s house manager, Janusz Banaziak.  Mr. 
Banaziak was asked if he knew Mr. Brunel.  In summary, he responded that he knew 
him as Mr. Epstein’s friend.  He elaborated that Mr. Brunel had stayed with Epstein at 
Epstein’s Palm Beach home on at least two occasions in 2010.  The first 2010 visit was 
in January, when Mr. Brunel stayed for approximately 3 days.  Then Mr. Brunel stayed 
at Mr. Epstein’s home from approximately February 10th or 11th through February 14th, 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 483    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 4 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
2010.  It was known by Epstein that Brunel was coming to stay at the house in February 
2010, as he was picked up at the airport and driven to Epstein’s home by Epstein’s 
bodyguard, Igor Zinoview, and after his stay with Epstein, Brunel was driven from 
Epstein’s house to the airport by Sarah Kellen.  See deposition of Janusz Banaziak at 
page 154-161 and 168-16 attached hereto as Exhibit “A.” 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
As is readily apparent from the foregoing facts, Ms. Kudman has either made 
false representations about Mr. Brunel’s whereabouts or Mr. Brunel has made false 
representations about his whereabouts that she passed on.  In either case, they should 
be required to show cause why her and/or she should not be held in contempt of court 
for making false representations.  See, e.g., Acton v. Target Corp., 2009 WL 5214419 at 
*5 (W.D. Wash. 2009) (entering order to show cause why counsel should not be held in 
contempt for making false representations).  In particular, Mr. Brunel and Ms. Kudman 
should explain how it came to pass that Mr. Brunel was in Florida at the very time that 
Jane Doe was attempting to take his deposition while Ms. Kudman was confidently 
reporting that he was unavailable in France.  Given the known facts, Ms. Kudman was 
either an unwitting messenger who passed along false representations delivered to her 
by her client Mr. Brunel, or she was a knowing participant in Brunel and/or Epstein’s 
attempt to obstruct discovery; either way a show cause order should be entered and the 
appropriate person(s) sanctioned and held in contempt. 
Mr. Brunel and Ms. Kudman should also be required to provide a full explanation 
of who precisely is paying the attorney fees for Ms. Kudman’s services.  Most, if not all, 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 483    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 5 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
of the witnesses that have been deposed in this and related cases against Epstein have 
appeared with counsel retained and paid for by Defendant Jeffrey Epstein.  In this 
instance, we know that Mr. Epstein was together with his house guest, Mr. Brunel, at a 
time when Brunel’s counsel was representing that Brunel was out of the country and 
could thus not attend a deposition.  Mr. Epstein also knew at that time that the 
undersigned had been trying to coordinate Brunel’s deposition for months.  Therefore, 
there is no doubt that Mr. Epstein was assisting Mr. Brunel and/or Ms. Kudman in 
obstructing discovery.  At the very least, Mr. Epstein was an accomplice, but was he the 
person paying the attorney to make false representations and tamper with important 
witnesses?  While Mr. Epstein may be able to invoke his 5th amendment rights on such 
questions, Mr. Brunel and Ms. Kudman do not have that luxury, and at this point they 
should be required to provide these answers.   
Again, as the facts make clear, Ms. Kudman has not delivered on promises made 
(as an officer of the court) to counsel for Jane Doe, and Mr. Brunel has not appeared for 
a deposition.  As such, Jane Doe moves this Court to enter an order directing Mr. Brunel 
to promptly appear for a deposition in West Palm Beach within 14 days.  He was 
properly served with a subpoena by Jane Doe, and only through deceitful maneuvers he 
has been able to avoid his deposition.  This Court should not permit subpoenas to be 
avoided in this fashion.   
WHEREFORE, Jane Doe respectfully requests the Court to direct Mr. Brunel and 
Ms. Kudman to show cause why they should not be held in contempt for making false 
representations in an effort to avoid a deposition.  If the Court finds that they are in 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 483    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 6 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
contempt, the Court should also impose appropriate sanctions, including attorney’s fees 
for Jane Doe in connection with filing this motion.   The Court should also compel Mr. 
Brunel to appear for a deposition within 14 days of the Court’s order and grant any 
additional relief the Court deems just and proper.   
PRE-FILING CONFERENCE 
Counsel for Jane Doe has attempted to confer with Ms. Kudman about this 
motion, but she declined to make Brunel available for deposition, and in fact has again 
stated as recently as March 5, 2010 that Brunel has been out of the country since prior 
to the New Year with no plans to return.  
DATED: March 10, 2010 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice  
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 483    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 7 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on March 10, 2010, I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the 
manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to 
receive electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Jgoldberger@agwpa.com 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcritton@bclclaw.com 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Jack Patrick Hill 
jph@searcylaw.com 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
KEzell@podhurst.com 
Michael James Pike 
MPike@bclclaw.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Richard Horace Willits 
lawyerswillits@aol.com 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 483    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 8 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
rjosefsberg@podhurst.com 
Adam D. Horowitz 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
Stuart S. Mermelstein 
ssm@sexabuseattorney.com 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 483    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 9 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 9


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__015-04.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__015.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 015.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
M.J.,   
CASE NO.  9:10-CV-81111-WPD 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, and 
SARAH KELLEN,  
Defendants. 
_________________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF M.J.’S RESPONSE TO ESPTEIN’S MOTION TO QUASH SERVICE OF 
PROCESS AND MOTION FOR A HEARING TO PROVE FRAUD, TO PROVE 
PROPER SERVICE, TO OBTAIN SANCTIONS FOR EPSTEIN’S SUBMISSION OF A 
FRAUDULENT AFFIDAVIT, TO OBTAIN A WARNING FORBIDDING FURTHER 
OBSTRUCTIONS IN THE CASES, AND TO SET AN ACCELERATED SCHEDULE 
FOR DISCOVERY 
Plaintiff, M.J., hereby files this response to Epstein’s Motion to Quash Service of 
Process and for a hearing to demonstrate fraud, to prove the defendant Epstein was 
properly served, to obtain sanctions for his submission of fraudulent affidavits, to obtain 
a warning forbidding any further obstruction in the case, and to set an accelerated 
schedule for discovery including an Order that Epstein is in default for failing to timely 
answer the complaint. 
Plaintiff M.J. was repeatedly sexually abused by defendant Jeffrey Epstein when 
she was a minor.  Epstein is a politically-connected billionaire.  M.J. filed suit in this 
Court against Epstein, seeking substantial damages.  After Epstein’s counsel refused to 
accept service of M.J.’s complaint, M.J.’s counsel sent a private investigator to Epstein’s 
New York mansion (Epstein’s usual place of abode) to serve Epstein.  On Friday, 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
October 8, 2010, the investigator hand-delivered to one of Epstein’s employees, who 
identified himself as “Mark,”  a copy of the summons and complaint and other related 
documents, which “Mark” then took into Epstein’s mansion.  This constituted proper 
service under the federal rules. 
Epstein’s answer to M.J.’s complaint was accordingly due on Friday, October 29, 
2010.  Rather than answer the complaint, however, on October 29, Epstein’s legal 
counsel filed a motion to “quash” service of process, alleging that process was not 
properly made. Attached to the Motion was an Affidavit of Richard Barnett, which swore 
that an “unmarked and unpostmarked envelope was discovered in the mailbox at Mr. 
Epstein’s vacation home in New York at 9 East 71st
M.J. accordingly asks that Epstein’s Motion To Quash be denied and that she be 
granted a hearing to prove these facts, to prove that service has properly been made, to 
obtain appropriate sanctions for the perjury, to have the court warn Epstein against 
further improper obstruction, and to set an accelerated discovery schedule in this case, 
 Street on Wednesday October 13, 
2010. . . . Service was never delivered to anyone at Mr. E[ps]tein’s house.”  The 
statement that the service was not delivered to anyone at the house was false and 
nothing short of an intentional fraud being committed on the court.  The circumstances 
surrounding the making of this statement strongly suggest that Barnett swore to this 
false statement deliberately, for the purpose of obstructing proper proceedings in this 
case.  Defendant Epstein’s history of obstructing sexual abuse litigation against him 
strongly supports the conclusion that Epstein contrived for Barnett to perjure himself in 
the affidavit. 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
and to Order Epstein to immediately file an Answer to MJ’s Complaint or alternatively to 
Strike Epstein’s pleadings. 
FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
At any hearing the Court might conduct, M.J. is prepared to establish the 
following facts through competent and admissible testimony.  In this pleading, M.J. will 
also provide affidavits and other evidence sufficient to permit the Court to move forward 
on the basis of this pleading alone.  Because Epstein has a history of not responding 
directly to allegations made by girls he has sexually abused, M.J. is numbering each of 
her individual facts.  If Epstein does not respond to M.J.’s facts specifically, the Court 
should draw the obvious conclusion that the fact is accurate. 
M.J.’s Facts Supporting Proper Service of Process 
1. 
On September 17, 2010, M.J. filed a complaint in this Court, alleging that 
defendant Jeffrey Epstein had repeatedly sexually abused her while she was a minor.  
See M.J. v. Epstein, No. 9:10-CV-81111-WPD (DE 1).   
2. 
On about September 2, 2010, counsel for M.J., asked Christopher Knight, legal 
counsel for Jeffrey Epstein, in writing if he would accept service of process for Epstein.  
Epstein’s counsel refused to accept service.  
3. 
Counsel for M.J. then retained the services of Thomas Marsigliano, a Private 
Investigator in New York, to make service on Epstein and one whom the law firm of 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing has been forced to pay $1,400.00, up to this point just to obtain 
service on Epstein.  Declaration of Edwards – Exhibit 1 at ¶16-17. 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
4. 
Marsigliano was provided with the address of Epstein’s New York mansion, 
where Epstein was residing.  Marsigliano conducted several days of surveillance on 
Epstein’s mansion in an attempt to personally serve Epstein.  Declaration of Thomas 
Marsigliano (Exhibit 2) at ¶2-5 (hereinafter “Marsigliano Dec.”). 
5. 
On Friday, October 8, 2010, Marsigliano went to Epstein’s mansion at 9 East 71st
6. 
On October 13, 2010, Mr. Knight approached Mr. Edwards after a hearing to 
discuss this case on behalf of his client and Mr. Edwards informed Mr. Knight that 
someone at Epstein’s residence in New York had accepted service for Epstein. 
Street, and he knocked on the door.  An employee of Epstein who identified himself as 
“Mark” answered the door and informed Mr. Marsigliano that Epstein was “not home” 
before he accepted service for Epstein.  See Marsigliano Dec. at ¶ 5-7. 
7. 
On October 29, 2010, proof of service was lodged with the Court (DE_5) – 
(corrected to DE_11-Summons (Affidavit) Returned Executed).  That proof of service 
stated that Marsigliano had left the summons “at [Epstein’s] residence or usual place of 
abode with Mark, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there . . . .”   
8. 
The foregoing service constituted proper service the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure.  See Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(2)(B).  Under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, 
an answer to a properly served complaint must be filed within 21 days.  Fed. R. Civ. P. 
12(a)(1)(A). 
False Statement by Richard Barnett, an Agent of Epstein 
9. 
On October 29, 2010, Lilly Ann Sanchez, legal counsel for Epstein, filed a motion 
in this Court to Quash Service of Process.  (DE 7).   
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
10. Attached to the pleading was an Affidavit of a Richard Barnett.  The affidavit 
stated: 
“On Wednesday, October 13, 2010, an unmarked and unpostmarked 
envelope was discovered in the mailbox at Mr. E[ps]tein’s vacation home 
in New York City at 9 East 71st
 Street.  The envelope contained a 
Summons and Complaint in the subject action, a Civil Rico Case 
Statement, a deposition subpoena, notices of video depositions, 
interrogatories and requests for production.  Service was never delivered 
to anyone at Mr. E[ps]tein’s house.”   
Affidavit of Richard Barnett at ¶ 2-3 (emphasis rearranged) (DE_7-1). The affidavit also 
stated that Barnett had been duly sworn.   Barnett signed the document before a New 
York Notary Public, although it should be noted that the Notary does not properly 
indicate how Richard Barnett was properly identified.  Id. 
11. The affidavit of Richard Barnett was patently false.  As recounted above, service 
had been delivered to “Mark” at Epstein’s house on October 8, 2010.  See Para. 5, 
supra. 
12. The affidavit of Richard Barnett is written to obscure important information.  In 
particular, the affidavit uses the passive voice to state that “an unmarked . . . envelope 
was discovered in the mailbox” at Epstein’s home.  The affidavit does not state who 
made the discovery.  The affidavit does not state whether Barnett has personal 
knowledge of the facts contained in his affidavit.  
13. Barnett subsequently filed a second affidavit, this time to merely announce that 
nobody named “Mark” was at the house on October 8, 2010.  While this may be true, 
this only demonstrates that the person who accepted service on October 8, 2010 at Mr. 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Epstein’s residence lied about his name, and accordingly Mr. Barnett’s second affidavit 
is virtually worthless. 
Epstein’s Pattern of Obstruction in Other Similar Civil Suits Against Him 
14. The false affidavit filed by Barnett in this case parallels other false statements 
made and evasive actions taken by Epstein’s associates in other similar civil cases filed 
against him by other young girls he sexually abused.  More than 20 civil cases like 
M.J.’s have been filed against Epstein in the last three years.  Epstein has settled all of 
the cases.  Among those cases was a federal lawsuit filed by Jane Doe in this court, 
styled as Jane Doe v. Epstein, 9:08-cv-80893.  M.J.’s legal counsel also handled Jane 
Doe’s case against Epstein.   
15. While working on that case and others like it, Edwards learned through 
deposition that Ghislaine Maxwell was involved in managing Epstein’s affairs and 
companies.  See Edwards Dec.  at ¶ 4. 
16. Epstein’s housekeeper, Alfredo Rodriguez, also testified that Maxwell took 
photos of girls without the girls' knowledge, kept the images on her computer, knew the 
names of the underage girls and their respective phone numbers and other underage 
victims were molested by Epstein and Maxwell together.  In light of this and other 
information, Edwards served her for deposition in 2009.  Maxwell was represented by 
Brett Jaffe of the New York firm of Cohen and Gresser, and Edwards understood that 
her attorney was paid for (directly or indirectly) by Epstein.  She was reluctant to give 
her deposition, and Edwards tried to work with her attorney to take her deposition on 
terms that would be acceptable to both sides.  The result was a confidentiality 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
agreement, under which Maxwell agreed to drop any objections to the deposition.  
Maxwell, however, contrived to avoid the deposition.  On June 29, 2010, one day before 
Edwards was to fly to New York to take Maxwell’s deposition, her attorney informed 
Edwards that Maxwell’s mother was deathly ill and Maxwell was consequently flying to 
England with no intention of returning to the United States.  Despite that assertion, 
Ghislaine Maxwell was in fact in the country on July 31, 2010, as she attended the 
wedding of Chelsea Clinton (former President Clinton’s daughter) and was captured in a 
photograph taken for US Weekly dated August 16, 2010. See Edwards Dec. at ¶ 6-7. 
17. Maxwell was not the only important witness to lie to avoid deposition by Edwards 
in the Jane Doe case.  Jean Luc Brunel did so as well.  Upon review of message pads 
police took from Epstein’s home, many were discovered to be from Jean Luc Brunel, a 
French citizen and one of Epstein’s closest friends.  Brunel left messages for Epstein 
that were taken by Epstein’s staff such as “He has a teacher for you how to speak 
Russian.  She is 2x8 years old not blonde: Lessons are free and you can have 1st today 
if you call”. Exhibit 3.  In light of the circumstances of the case, this appeared to be an 
encrypted message suggesting that Brunel might have been procuring two eight-year-
old girls for Epstein to sexually abuse.  According to widely circulated press reports, 
Brunel is in his sixties and has a reputation throughout the world (and especially in the 
modeling industry) as a cocaine addict that has for years molested children through 
modeling agencies while acting as their agent.  Brunel is also someone that visited 
Epstein on approximately 67 occasions while Epstein was in jail.  See Edwards Dec. at 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
¶ 8-10.   Brunel currently runs the modeling agency MC2, a company for which Epstein 
provides financial support.   
18. In view of this information suggesting Brunel could provide significant evidence of 
Epstein’s trafficking in young girls for sexual abuse, Edwards had Brunel served in New 
York for deposition.  Before the deposition took place, Brunel’s attorney (Tama Kudman 
of West Palm Beach) contacted Edwards to delay the deposition date.  Eventually 
Kudman informed Edwards in January 2009 that Brunel had left the country and was 
back in France with no plans to return.   This information was untrue; Brunel was 
actually staying with Epstein in West Palm Beach as evidenced by Epstein’s probation 
file where Epstein was required to note is house guests.  See Edwards Dec. at ¶ 11-12.    
As a result, Edwards filed a Motion for Order to Show Cause, (DE 483), attached hereto 
as Exhibit 4. (Because Epstein settled this case, the motion was never ruled upon.) 
19. Edwards was also informed that Epstein paid for not only his representation 
during the civil process but also paid for legal representation for Sarah Kellen (Epstein's 
executive assistant and procurer of girls for him to abuse), Larry Visoski (Epstein’s 
personal pilot), Dave Rogers (Epstein's personal pilot), Larry Harrison (Epstein's 
personal pilot), Louella Rabuyo (Epstein's housekeeper), Nadia Marcinkova (Epstein's 
live-in sex slave), Ghislaine Maxwell (manager of Epstein's affairs and businesses) , 
Mark Epstein (Epstein’s brother), and Janusz Banasiak (Epstein's house manager).  It 
was nearly impossible to take a deposition of someone that would have helpful 
information that was not represented an attorney paid for by Epstein.  See Edwards 
Dec. at ¶ 13-14.     
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
20. Epstein has deliberately hidden relevant correspondence regarding his guilt of 
sex offenses by making only partial productions of correspondence in other cases, as 
detailed at greater length in M.J.’s contemporaneously filed Motion for Instructions to 
Epstein to Preserve Certain Correspondence. 
21. Epstein has harassed girls who have filed civil suits against him, as detailed at 
greater length in M.J.’s contemporaneously filed Motion for a Protective Order Barring 
Direct or Indirect Conduct with Her.   
22. In view of this pattern of obstruction other cases, the reasonable inference arises 
that Barnett’s false statement in his affidavit was not an accident, but rather a deliberate 
evasion orchestrated by Epstein to delay the orderly processing of this case. 
I. 
THE COURT SHOULD HOLD AN EVIDENTIARY HEARING ON THE 
CIRCUMUSTANCES SURROUNDING BARNETT’S FALSE STATEMENT. 
LEGAL MEMORANUM  
Before this case can proceed to its conclusion, Epstein must be served.  There is 
now an evidentiary dispute about whether service has been properly made.  M.J.’s 
investigator, Thomas Marsigliano, has provided a sworn statement to this Court that he 
handed the complaint and other materials to Epstein’s representative inside his home.  
Epstein, on the other hand, has submitted a sworn statement to this Court – through 
Richard Barnett – that this event never happened.  Accordingly, this Court has a pure 
and simple factual dispute to resolve.   
M.J. respectfully requests a brief evidentiary hearing on the matter, at which she 
would plan to call four witnesses:  First, Mr. Marsigliano to testify to his service of the 
complaint; Second, “Mark” [Last Name Unknown] to testify to his receipt of the 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
complaint in Epstein’s New York mansion; third, Richard Barnett to establish that he has 
given a false statement to the Court that no such service had occurred and to develop 
the reasons why he swore to such a false statement; and finally, Jeffrey Epstein, to 
establish (either directly or circumstantially) his awareness that a false statement was 
being submitted to the Court on his behalf and his direct involvement in orchestrating 
that false statement.  M.J. estimates that the hearing could be held in approximately one 
hour. 
The appropriate way to resolve this factual dispute is through such a brief 
evidentiary hearing.  Because Epstein has raised a specific factual dispute under Fed. 
R. Civ. P. 12(b)(5) – i.e., whether service was made on an individual residing at his 
dwelling -- M.J. now bears the burden of establishing that particular fact.  See Grand 
Entertainment Group, Ltd. V. Star Media Sales, Inc., 988 F.2d 476, 488 (3d Cir. 1993).  
The court must then “weigh and determine [the] disputed issues of facts on a Rule 
12(b)(5) motion.”   Cranford v. United States, 359 F.Supp.2d 981, 984 (E.D. Cal. 2005).   
An evidentiary hearing is the proper vehicle for resolving this particular factual dispute.  
See Blair v. City of Worcester, 522 F.3d 105, 115 (1st
II. 
M.J. HAS PROPERLY SERVED EPSTEIN. 
 Cir. 2008) (reversing district court 
for refusing to hold an evidentiary hearing where factual issues surrounding service of 
process were disputed). 
M.J. will establish at the evidentiary hearing that she delivered her complaint and 
the other required documents to the caretaker at Epstein’s mansion in New York, where 
he often went.  This was sufficient service.   
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 4(e)(2)(B) provides that service can be made by 
“leaving a copy of [the complaint and other documents] at the individual’s dwelling or 
usual place of abode with someone of suitable age and discretion who resides there . . . 
.”   
Epstein’s counsel admit they have received proof of service from Marsigliano 
attesting that he left M.J.’s complaint with the caretaker at Epstein’s residence or usual 
place of abode.  See Epstein’s Mot. to Quash at 2 (“As of today, there is a document 
which purports to be a return of service.”).  In his motion to quash, Epstein concedes the 
materials were left at his “vacation home.” Barnett Aff. at 1.  Epstein’s New York 
Mansion is well known for being the largest private residence in Manhattan and for 
being owned by Epstein.  Given Marsigliano’s affidavit and Epstein’s concession about 
the fact that it is his home, the Court should conclude that the New York mansion was in 
fact Epstein’s dwelling or usual place of abode.  See Blair v. City of Worcester, 522 F.3d 
105, 110 (1st Cir. 2008) (“A return of service generally serves as prima facie evidence 
that service was validly performed.”); Gottlieb v. Sandia Am. Corp., 452 F.2d 510, 514 
n. 5 (3rd Cir.1971) (“although a marshal's return is not conclusive on the question of 
service on an agent, it will stand in the absence of proof to the contrary”).  The Court 
may take judicial notice of facts contained in the record in adjudicating service of 
process issues.  Sidney v. Wilson, 228 F.R.D. 517 ___ (S.D.NY. 2005).  Marsigliano’s 
return of service attesting that the mansion is Epstein’s dwelling or usual place of abode 
is such a fact, particularly given that “in a high mobile and affluent society, it is 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
unrealistic to interpret Rule 4(d)(1) 1  so that the person to be served has only one 
dwelling house or usual place of abode.” 2
The only question for the Court, then, is whether M.J. has left a copy of her 
complaint and other documents with someone at the home.  For the reasons explained 
in Part I above, the Court should find that Marsigliano did in fact leave the complaint.  
Service was accordingly proper. 
It is also clear now that Epstein’s attorneys have received the complaint on his 
behalf – thereby effectively giving him actual notice of the claim M.J. has filed against 
him.  “To the extent that there is any rule or guide to be followed by the federals in such 
a case [of disputed service] it is that where actual notice of the commencement of the 
action and the duty to defend has been received by the one served, the provisions of 
Rule (4)(d)(1)3 should be liberally construed to effectuate service and uphold the 
jurisdiction of the court, thus insuring the opportunity for a trial on the merits.”  Karlsson 
v. Rabinowitz, 318 F.2d 666, 668 (4th
The Court was referring to an earlier version of what is now Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(2). 
 Cir. 1966).  Rule 4 is a flexible rule that should be 
liberally construed so long as a party receives sufficient notice of the complaint, United 
Food & Commercial Workers Union v. Alpha Beta Co., 736 F.2d 1371, 1382 (9th 
Cir.1984).”  Epstein has received ample notice here.   
This problem may be particularly acute for the super-wealthy like Epstein.  According 
to Wikipedia, “[i]n addition to his private island in the U.S. Virgin Island (Little St. James 
Island), Epstein owns a 50,000 square foot townhouse in Manhattan that was formerly 
owned by Les Wexner, a villa in Palm Beach, Florida, and a fortress on a ranch in Santa 
Fe, New Mexico.  Wikipedia entry for Jeffrey Edward Epstein (visited on Oct. 30, 2010).  
Accordingly, it may be difficult to identify a single “dwelling” for Epstein. 
The Court was referring to an earlier version of what is now Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(2). 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
III. 
THE COURT SHOULD IMPOSE SANCTIONS ON EPSTEIN FOR FILING 
A FRAUDULENT AFFIDAVIT WITH THE COURT. 
For the reasons explained above – and based on the testimony M.J. will provide 
at the evidentiary hearing -- the Court should conclude that Barnett knowingly filed a 
false affidavit with the Court and that Epstein was responsible for the filing.  The Court 
should then impose appropriate sanctions on Epstein to prevent such future 
misbehavior.  The Court has authority to impose sanctions on Epstein, both under Fed. 
R. Civ. P. 11(c) (authorizing sanction on a “party”), and under the Court’s inherent 
power to sanction those who commit fraud before it.  See, e.g. Thomas v. Tenneco 
Packaging Co., Inc., 293 F.3d 1306, 1320 (11th
As recounted at greater length in the facts section of this pleading, Epstein is a 
billionaire who has obstructed other proceedings in the past.  Accordingly, the sanctions 
the Court imposes should be substantial, so that they reflect the need to deter similar 
behavior by Epstein in the future.  As Rule 11 explains, the sanction should be designed 
“to deter petition of the conduct or comparable conduct . . . .”  Fed. R. Civ. P. 11(c)(2).   
 Cir. 2002) (discussing inherent power of 
the district courts to impose sanctions).   
Epstein should also be ordered to pay all the costs and attorneys’ fees M.J. has 
incurred in responding to his fraudulent argument that he was not served.   
IV.   
THE COURT SHOULD WARN EPSTEIN THAT FURTHER   
OBSTRUCTION IN THIS CASE WILL NOT BE TOLERATED. 
As noted above, Epstein has a history of obstructing similar proceedings with a 
variety of dilatory tactics.  Accordingly, he should be warned that any further obstruction 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
in this case – including the submission of any more fraudulent affidavits – will not be 
tolerated. 
V. 
THE COURT SHOULD ESTABLISH AN EXPEDITED SCHEDULE FOR  
RESOLVING THIS CASE. 
Given Epstein’s obvious intent to obstruct and delay these proceedings, M.J. 
respectfully requests that the Court directly intervene now and set up an appropriate, 
accelerated schedule for bringing this case to trial.  M.J. is fully prepared to proceed 
expeditiously.  And Epstein, a billionaire, has vast financial resources that he can use to 
prepare this case for trial quickly.  Moreover, Epstein has now defended more than 
twenty civil suits filed against him of a similar nature.  Therefore, he is fully aware of the 
scope of the claims and the kinds of defenses that need to be raised.  Therefore, the 
Court should set up an expedited schedule.   
POSITION OF THE PARTIES 
M.J. conferred with counsel for defendant Epstein and understands that 
defendant Epstein objects to all these requests.   
CONCLUSION 
M.J. requests this Court: enter and Order denying Epstein’s Motion To Quash, or 
alternatively that MJ be granted a hearing to prove that service was properly made; to 
obtain appropriate sanctions for the perjury and false affidavits filed on behalf of 
Epstein; to have the court warn Epstein against further improper obstruction; and to set 
an accelerated discovery schedule in this case; and finally to Order Epstein to 
immediately file an Answer to MJ’s Complaint or alternatively to Strike Epstein’s 
pleadings. 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Respectfully Submitted, 
DATED: November 11, 2010 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards              
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on November 11, 2010 I electronically filed the 
foregoing document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the 
foregoing document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List 
in the manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated 
by CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who are not 
authorized to receive electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards              
Bradley J. Edwards 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 15 of 16

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
SERVICE LIST 
M.J. v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
lsanchez@fowler-white.com 
Christopher E. Knight 
cknight@fowler-white.com  
Helaine S. Goodner 
hgoodner@fowler-white.com 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT PA 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th
1395 Brickell Avenue 
 Floor 
Miami, FL  33131-3302 
Counsel for Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 16 of 16


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__015.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-01.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 30
• 
-~~·-------· -
·~ 
l(!)f--
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE! 
{). 7J,__ { FL( 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT I 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FL\ 
CRIMINAL DIVISION 
I 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
VS 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
I 
CASE NO. 06 CF9454AMB 
9381CFAMB 
___________ ) 
PLEA CONFERENCE 
PRESIDING: 
HONORABLE DEBORAH DALE 
APPEARANCES: 
ON BEHALF OF THE STATE: 
BARRY E. KRISCHER, ESQUIRE 
State Attorney 
401 North Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
By: 
LANNA BELOHLAVEK, ESQUIRE 
Assistant State Attorney 
ON BEHALF OF THE DEFENDANT: 
ATTERBURY, GOLDBERGER & WEISS,P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
By: 
JACK GOLDBERGER, 
ESQUIRE 
June 30, 2008 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
West Palm Beach, Florida-33401 
Beginning at 8:40 o'clock, a.m. 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 30
• 
BE IT REMEMBERED that the following 
proceedings were had in the above-entitled cause 
before the HONORABLE DEBORAH DALE PUCILLO, one of 
the judges of the aforesaid court, at the Palm 
Beach County Courthouse, located in the City of 
West Palm Beach, State of Florida on June 20, 2008 
beginning at 8:40 o'clock, a.m. with appearances 
as hereinbefore noted, to wit: 
THEREUPON: 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Good morning, Judge, 
Jack Goldberger on behalf of Jeffrey 
Epstein. 
THE COURT: 
Good morning. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Your Honor, we are 
here for a plea conference. 
THE COURT: 
Raise your right hand. 
THEREUPON: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
after being called as a witness by the Defense and 
after being first duly sworn by the Court, was 
examined and testified as follows: 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Yes, ma'am. 
THE COURT: 
Is this one case or two? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Two. 
THE COURT: 
May I see the PC 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 30
• 
.J 
affidavit in both cases, please? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
There are no PC 
affidavits. 
There was originally an 
Indictment, the second charge was filed 
arising out of the booking. 
It was all 
testimony presented to the grand jury. 
THE COURT: 
Let me see the Indictment 
then? 
I have one Indictment, one 
Information? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
So one case is charged by 
Indictment, one is ch~rged by Information? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
In case 2006036744 you 
are charged with procuring a person under 
for prostitution, a second degree 
felony, maximum penalty of fifteen years 
Department of Corrections; minimum, some 
period of probation. 
No mandatory minimum 
apply, is that correct, State? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
And in case number 06 
9454CF, you are charged with felony 
solicitation to prostitution, a third 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 30
• 
• 
-....I 
degree felony, punishable by a maximum 
penalty of five years in the Department of 
Corrections, and a minimum, probation. 
No 
mandatory minimums, correct? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
The defendant has no 
prior criminal record? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Yes, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: 
You checked the NCIC as 
well as State records? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Yes. 
THE COURT: 
And the guideline score 
sheet I have before me shows 21.5 months in 
the Department of Corrections as the lowest 
permissible prison sentence in months. 
Both sides agree to the preparation of the 
guideline score sheet? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
We so agree, Your 
Honor. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Yes. 
THE COURT: 
What is proposed -- it 
goes on for pages. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Your Honor, much of 
the documentation is acknowledgement by my 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 30
• 
• 
client to community control, sex offender 
status. 
THE COURT: 
I understand. 
Okay. 
What is proposed -- those 
are the maximums and minimums, Mr. Epstein. 
What is proposed is that you will be 
pleading guilty to felony solicitation to 
prostitution and procuring a person under 
for prosecution. 
A PSI would be waived, 
you would be adjudicated guilty of both 
felonies, is that correct? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
And on 06 9454, the 
defendant to be sentenced to 12-months in 
the Palm Beach County 
detention 
facility? 
He's going to do time in the 
jail? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Yes. 
THE COURT: 
With credit for one day 
served. 
And on 08 9381, he is to be 
sentenced to six months in the Palm Beach 
County jail detention facility, with credit 
for one day served. 
And the six month 
sentence is to be served consecutive to the 
month sentence? 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 30
• 
• 
~ 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
Following the six months 
sentence, the defendant will be placed on 
12-monthi of community control one. 
The 
conditions of the community control are 
attached hereto and incorporated herein. 
As a special condition of 
community control, he's to have no 
unsupervised contact with minors and the 
supervising adult must be approved -- and I 
would say, pre-approved, approved ahead of 
time, not after the fact by the Department 
of Corrections. 
And you would mean by that 
his community control officer? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
The defendant is 
designated as a sexual offender pursuant to 
Florida Statute 943.0435 and must abide by 
all the corresponding requirements of the 
statute, a copy of which is attached hereto 
and incorporated herein. 
The defendant 
must provide a DNA sample in court at the 
time of this plea. 
Is this the --
and the 
attachments are the terms and conditions of 
community control. 
There are some 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 30
• 
• 
,,,J 
squiggles on the bottom of the page, what 
would those squiggles be? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Thank you, Your 
Honor, those are my client's signature 
acknowledging that we have gone over all 
the conditions. 
THE COURT: 
One page after the plea 
sheet that really spells out the terms and 
conditions of community control, Florida 
Statute 948.101, Mr. Epstein, is that 
squiggle at the bottom your squiggle? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Yes, ma'am. 
THE COURT: 
Would those be your 
initials? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Yes, ma'am. 
THE COURT: 
Did you read all of that. 
page? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Yes, ma'am. 
THE COURT: 
Can you read? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Yes, ma'am. 
THE COURT: 
How far did you go in 
school? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
High school. 
THE COURT: 
That's your highest 
degree? 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 30
• 
• 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Yes. 
THE COURT: 
And is this your 
signature on the plea sheet that recites 
the terms of the plea I just read? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Yes, ma'am. 
THE COURT: 
Did you read that 
document as well? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Yes, ma'am. 
THE COURT: 
You understand once you 
do your 12 months followed by your six 
months all in the Palm Beach County jail 
you will then be put on community control 
which involves having an electronic monitor 
attached to you and --
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Actually Your Honor, 
the agreement of the parties is to, it's 
community control one which is not monitor. 
THE COURT: 
Oh, community control 
one, is that spelled out in here? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Yes. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Yes, it is, Your 
Honor. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
He does not fall 
under the Jessica Lunsford Act which 
requires the bracelet. 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 30
• 
• 
THE COURT: 
Community control two. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct, 
THE COURT: 
Community control one 
that would be no electronic monitor? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
That is correct. 
THE COURT: 
Now which of the terms 
and conditions of community control one are 
you incorporating? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
I can go through 
them with Your Honor. 
THE COURT: 
None of the them appear 
to be articulated in the plea sheet which 
is why I'm asking. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
These are the 
standard conditions of community control by 
statute would apply to anyone that goes on 
community control and out of an abundance 
of caution, we simply memorialized those 
standard conditions in the plea sheet 
agreement. 
THE COURT: 
The Court shall require 
intensive supervision and surveillance for 
an offender placed on community control 
which may include but is not limited to 
specified contact with the parole and 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of 30
• 
probation officer, specified by who? 
PROBATION OFFICER: 
Specified by you, 
Your Honor. 
THE COURT: 
I don't see that in the 
plea sheet. 
That's why I'm asking the 
questions. 
No one has specified how often, 
how frequently he is to have contact with 
his parole and probation officer. 
Confinement to an agreed upon residence 
during the hours away from employment and 
public service activity, has that been 
articulated? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
I believe 
Judge Mcsorley has a standard order 
somewhere on the bench up there regarding 
this, I'm told by the prosecutor. 
MS. LENHARDT: 
Judge, usually this is 
the probation sheet she hands out to folks. 
THE COURT: 
I have seen those 
sheets --
I have seen them incorporated in 
plea agreements which is why I'm asking. 
MR. 
GOLDBERGER: 
I see. 
THE COURT: 
Is there some reason you 
didn't use this particular document in this 
case? 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of 30
• 
• 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
I didn't realize 
until Ms. Lenhardt just told me that Judge 
Mcsorley has that. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
We'd be happy to 
execute that document, Your Honor. 
we were 
--
we overreacted by just having him sign 
off on all conditions of community control. 
THE COURT: 
Well, this is --
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Perhaps the better 
practice would be 
THE COURT: 
This is, the reason 
Judge Mcsorley does this which makes 
ultimate sense is we're going to be here 
half the morning if we're going ~o decide 
among ourselves now what the --
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
That makes sense. 
THE COURT: 
I'm not going to leave 
this just unspecified. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
We can take care of 
that right now if you could give us a few 
minutes. 
THE COURT: 
All right. 
These are the standard conditions 
that Judge Mcsorley normally uses. 
If you 
like them, you need to circle the ones that 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of 30
• 
apply and everyone must initial them. 
we 
will go over it. 
If you wish to change 
you understand there is quite a bit of 
latitude given the court in putting 
somebody on community control. 
If you 
agree to some change, let me know, but 
understand at the outset that I'm a big fan 
of specificity. 
I want to know what he 
will be doing for employment. 
I want to 
know exactly where. he is going to.be living 
and I want it on the record now. 
rt. can 
change but it can only change with 
preapproval by DOC. 
I want it crystal 
clear. 
I don't want the community control 
officer who gets this case the day he walks 
out the Palm Beach County to have any doubt 
or confusion as to exactly what this 
defendant is supposed to do, where he is 
supposed to be when, exactly what I am 
requesting that officer to supervise. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Absolutely. 
THE COURT: 
Okay. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
We will work on it. 
Thank you, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: 
We will recall that case. 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of 30
• 
• 
~ 
. 
(Brief recess.) 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Your Honor, we are 
back on Jeffrey Epstein, actually it 
worked, we had an opportunity to go through 
Judge McSorley's conditions of community 
control and we asked the Department of 
Corrections representative to assist us to 
make sure we did everything properly. 
They were very helpful and we executed the 
document. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Yes, and Your Honor, 
this defendant doesn't fall under the sex 
offender probation but we have included 
special sex offender conditions as part of 
the community control and they are all 
circled there. 
THE COURT: 
The plea agreement stated 
the defendant is designated as a sexual 
offender pursuant to Florida Statute 
942.035. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
But the 
sex offender probation, the statute is 
different and only applies to certain 
offenses and this one was not enumerated. 
THE COURT: 
Okay. 
I want to make 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of 30
• 
• 
sure both I and the defendant are clear. 
The sexual offender statute you are 
referring to in the plea sheet is the one 
that requires registration? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
And we will talk about 
that. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Okay. 
THE COURT: 
But it is not the one 
that requires the special conditions of sex 
offender probation? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct . 
THE COURT: 
Now, rather than 948, do 
you want me to disregard 948? 
He's read 
it? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
He's read it. 
THE COURT: 
We will leave it in 
there. 
But these conditions we are going 
to go over right now are going to be viewed 
in my mind, yes, and they have been signed 
by the defendant and we will go over that 
in a second as a part of the whole plea. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
So circled are 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 15 of 30
• 
conditions, A, you will remain confined to 
your residence except one half hour before 
and after your approved employment, 
community service work or any other 
activity approved by your probation 
officer. 
B, you will maintain an hourly 
accounting of all your activities on a 
daily log which you will submit to your 
supervising officer upon request. 
My understanding about the daily 
log, maybe I'm just confused from other 
cases I've heard, is the daily log is a 
weekly log, I guess it is submitted ahead 
of time, is that correct? 
PROBATION OFFICER: 
That is correct, 
Your Honor. 
THE COURT: 
So part A, where he has 
to stay in his residence except for one 
hour before and after the approved 
employment, community service work and 
other activity. 
All that's information 
that will be recorded in writing and the 
defendant will have a copy and he will know 
exactly where he is supposed to be when. 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 16 of 30
• 
• 
PROBATION OFFICER: 
That is correct, 
Your Honor . 
THE COURT: 
As will his supervising 
probation officer. 
And then to document 
that he's supposedly done all that he 
himself will be keeping a daily log? 
PROBATION OFFICER: 
That is correct, 
Your Honor. 
THE COURT: 
And the log form will be 
provided by the department and he will be 
turning that in every time he meets with 
the probation officer? 
PROBATION OFFICER: 
That is correct, 
Your Honor. 
THE COURT: 
Okay. 
So that applies 
and F applies. 
Does E apply? 
No. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Did I circle E? 
THE COURT: 
No. 
F -- made one up, 
the defendant will be residing at 358 El 
Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida, 33480. 
knows now that that's where he will be 
living when he is released after his 12 
months and six months. 
He 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
That is correct, 
Your Honor. 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 17 of 30
• 
• 
THE COURT: 
That's a private 
residence? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
That is his home. 
THE COURT: 
Does he own th~ 
residence? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
He does, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: 
Is there any possibility 
that he no longer owns the residence? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Not anticipated, 
Your Honor. 
THE COURT: 
Okay. 
for whatever reason 
Should he not be 
18-months is a long 
time, should he not be owning that 
residence or able to reside there, he will 
have the obligation of notifying his 
probation officer prior, and I emphasize 
this, prior to his release from custody. 
I 
assume that the department will be notified 
prior to, to his release? 
PROBATION OFFICER: 
That is correct, 
Your Honor. 
THE COURT: 
And then you would need 
to send someone to meet with him before he 
walks out of the Palm Beach County jail and 
verify his address and employment 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 18 of 30
• 
information? 
PROBATION OFFICER: 
That is correct. 
THE COURT: 
All address --
I assume 
all of this to and from work and any other 
approved activities restricts him to Palm 
Beach County, is that correct? 
PROBATION OFFICER: 
That is correct, 
Your Honor. 
THE COURT: 
So let's be clear, 
everything, from the day he walks out 
occurs in Palm Beach County, is that clear? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
We understand, Your 
Honor. 
That's correct. 
THE COURT: 
Then the additional 
condition of his probation, they are not 
sex offender standard conditions, they are 
just conditions that are being imposed 
especially in this case? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
They are as follows, you 
shall submit to a mandatory curfew from 10 
p.m. to 6:00 a.m. regardless of any other 
restrictions regarding work or approved 
activity, there will be no exceptions to 
being at home in house from 10 p.m. to 6 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 19 of 30
• 
a.m., is that correct? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Yes. 
THE COURT: 
If the victim was under 
age of 18 years which I gather is the case 
because it's circled, you shall not live 
within 1000 feet of a school, day care 
center, park, playground or other place 
where children regularly congregate. 
Has someone verified that 358 El 
Brillo is such a place? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
No, but that will be 
done prior to his release. 
THE COURT: 
So 358 El Brillo will not 
be approved if it should happen to be one 
thousand feet from a school, day care 
center, park, playground or other place 
this is rather open. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
gather. 
Where children 
THE COURT: 
Where children regularly 
congregate. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Right. 
THE COURT: 
The Court knows 358 El 
Brillo Way is a residential neighborhood, 
are there areas there where children 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 20 of 30
• 
• 
regularly congregate? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
I personally do not 
know. 
THE COURT: 
Neither do I, which is 
why I'm asking. 
Has that been 
investigated? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
We have done our due 
diligence, for what it•s worth, there is a 
residential street. 
There are not children 
congregating on that street. 
We think the 
address applies, if it doesn't, we fully 
recognize that he can't live there. 
THE COURT: 
Okay. 
Dis, you shall 
not have any contact with the victim, are 
there more than one victim? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
There's several. 
THE COURT: 
several, all of the 
victims. 
So this should be plural. 
I'm 
making that plural. 
You are not to have 
any contact direct or indirect, and in this 
day and age I find it necessary to go over 
exactly what we mean by indirect. 
By 
indirect, we mean no text messages, no 
e-mail, no Face Book, no My Space, no 
telephone calls, no voice mails, no 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 21 of 30
• 
• 
messages through carrier pigeon, no 
messages through third parties, no hey 
would you tell so and so for me, no having 
a friend, acquaintance or stranger approach 
any of these victims with a message of any 
sort from you, is that clear? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Yes, ma'am 
THE COURT: 
And then it states, 
unless approved by the victim, the 
therapist and the sentencing court. 
THE DEFENDANT: 
I understand. 
Okay. 
THE COURT: 
And the sentencing court. 
So, if there is a desire which, I would 
think would baa bit strange to have 
contact with any of the victims the court 
must approve it. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
If the victim was under 
the age of 18, which was the case, you 
shall not until you have successfully 
attended and completed the sex offender 
program. 
So, is this sex offender program 
becoming a condition of probation? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
That is not. 
I 
don't believe I circled that one. 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 22 of 30
• 
• 
THE COURT: 
You did. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
That's a mistake on 
our part. 
Actually the statute that he is 
pleading guilty to does not require the 
THE COURT: 
I understand that, but 
you circled it. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
I apologize, that 
one is not. 
He has already been in 
treatment with a private psychiatrist. 
THE COURT: 
Which you find to be an 
adequate substitute for sex offender 
program? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
I - - it is not 
required and based upon the evaluation and 
my contact with that doctor, I don't 
believe it's necessary at this point. 
THE COURT: 
Has that been --
I assume 
you have a law degree and do not have a 
Ph.Din a psychology or MD in psychiatry? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
That is correct, I 
don't. 
THE COURT: 
So it is just your 
judgement 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
-- that his treatment 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 23 of 30
• 
• 
with some fancy private psychiatrist or 
psychologist in his case is okay? 
MS. 
BELOHLAVEK: 
That is correct. 
THE COURT: 
So you are not imposing 
E? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
F, if the victim was 
under the age of 18, you shall not work or 
play or as a volunteer in any school, day 
care center, park, play ground or other 
place where children regularly congregate, 
is that understood? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Yes, ma'am. 
THE COURT: 
Children will be defined 
as anyone under the age of 18. 
There are a 
lot of places where children regularly 
congregate. 
What kind of work do you do? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Banking. 
THE COURT: 
Here in Palm Beach 
County? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Virgin Islands, 
ma'am. 
THE COURT: 
You understand you will 
not travel from Palm Beach County for the 
duration of this? 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 24 of 30
• 
• 
. • 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Yes, ma'am. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Your Honor, I'm 
sorry to interrupt, we do cover the 
employment later in the agreement as to 
what he is going to be doing during the one 
year that he is on community control. 
THE COURT: 
Okay. 
And let me --
condition G, which is circled, unless 
otherwise indicated in the treatment plan 
provided by sexual offender treatment 
program. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
That's not in there. 
THE COURT: 
Is that what you want? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
No. 
THE COURT: 
But you do want the, you 
will not view, own or possess any obscene 
pornographic --
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
Okay. 
But are you saying 
that this therapist can okay him to own 
certain pornographic material? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
No, not at all. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
No, Your Honor. 
THE COURT: 
Would be really helpful 
if people read these things before they 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 25 of 30
• 
• 
signed them thoroughly. 
Unless otherwise indicated in the 
treatment plan. 
I'm just going to strike 
out, provided by the sexual offender 
treatment program. 
Is that what you 
intend, that his therapist can --
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
THE COURT: 
No? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
No. 
No. 
THE COURT: 
Unless otherwise 
indicated. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
The parties have 
agreed that during the period that he is 
cannot be 
THE COURT: 
Condition G will now 
read, you shall not view, own, possess any 
obscene, pornographic or sexually 
stimulating visual or auditory material 
including telephonic, electronic media, 
computer program or computer services that 
are relevant to your deviant behavior 
pattern. 
And who is going to enforce that? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
The community 
control officer. 
THE COURT: 
How? 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFF·ICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 26 of 30
• 
• 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
They have the 
obligation and included in there for 
warrantless search to check at any time his 
home, his computer, anything he has contact 
with. 
THE COURT: 
And do they regularly do 
that? 
PROBATION OFFICER: 
Yes, ma'am. 
THE COURT: 
Since we have the 
pleasure of having someone from the 
Department of Corrections here. 
Okay. 
H, you shall submit two 
specimens of blood to the Florida 
Department of Law Enforcement to be 
registered in the DNA data bank. 
J, you shall submit to a 
warrantless search by your probation 
officer or community control officer of 
your person, residence or vehicle. 
G -- where is the G? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
That was under the 
original part, not under the sex offender 
one. 
THE COURT: 
Okay. 
Defendant to have 
contact with the community control officer 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 27 of 30
• 
• 
)j 
at a minimum one time a week. 
Defendant to work at Florida 
Science Foundation, 250 Australian Avenue, 
West Palm Beach, Florida. 
Is that 
volunteer work or work for pay? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
It is a 501C 
corporation that he has formed, Your Honor, 
that will be doing charitable work. 
THE COURT: 
That he has formed? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Yes. 
THE COURT: 
What exactly is Florida 
Science Foundation? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Do you want to 
explain? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
It funds science 
programs around the state and the country. 
THE COURT: 
How long has it been in 
existence? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Fifteen years. 
THE COURT: 
How many programs has it 
funded? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Numerous, more than 
50. 
THE COURT: 
What is your position 
with the organization? 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 28 of 30
• 
• 
• 
' 
. 
THE DEFENDANT: 
President. 
THE COURT: 
Is there a board of 
directors? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Yes, ma'am. 
THE COURT: 
Who's on the board of 
directors? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Two attorneys. 
THE COURT: 
What exactly do you do? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
banker but my --
I'm an investment 
THE COURT: 
No, no, I mean with the 
science foundation. 
THE DEFENDANT: 
We fund 
science programs 
THE COURT: 
I don't want to know what 
we do, I want to know what you do. 
How 
often are you there? 
THE DEFENDANT.: 
I'm there every day, 
I research, I take in people who want to 
make presentations about why they need 
money for funding medical research, 
advanced science research. 
My background 
is in physics. 
I go through all the 
programs in detail, review the science work 
potentials, I follow through on a daily 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 29 of 30
• 
basis with what they have been given money 
to do. 
THE COURT: 
Who are some recent 
grantees? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Harvard University. 
There is a full program of Evolutionary 
Dynamics, Neuro Science Institute of 
California, the Physics Institute, MIT. 
THE COURT: 
Do you ever have occasion 
to deal with anyone under the age of 
eighteen? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Not very often. 
is, if someone is in college -- sorry. 
THE COURT: 
Right, that's why I'm 
asking the question. 
It 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Most of the people I 
fund are all usually professors. 
THE COURT: 
Thank you. 
You 
understand that you can't have contact with 
anyone if 
this organization, do they 
ever have any involvement with high 
schools? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
No, ma'am. 
THE COURT: 
Students or teachers? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
No, ma'am. 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 30 of 30
• 
THE COURT: 
Okay. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Those are 
duplicates, you will see those are the same 
as the ones on the previous page, however, 
it was reproduced. 
THE COURT: 
The next condition, you 
shall maintain a driving log. 
You shall 
not drive a motor vehicle while alone 
without prior approval of your supervising 
officer. 
If there was sexual contact, you 
shall submit to at probationer's or 
community controllee•s expense an HIV test 
with results to be released to the victims, 
victim's parent or guardian 
will be 
victims, plural. 
Has that been done? 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
Not yet. 
THE COURT: 
Do we have a time frame 
on that? 
I would think.ASAP might be good 
on something like that. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
I believe they can 
actually do that at the jail. 
THE COURT: 
At his expense? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Yes. 
THE COURT: 
I would request that that 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-01.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-02.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016-02.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 1 of 12 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Pitt i'vi h+fs -- l 4 c. 
Moh'oV\ 
fo v 
.._ i o C o v'- kt( 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON I" 
OV'cl if ,, 
I 
-------------
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
I 
-------------
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
I 
-------------
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 2 of 12 
Defendant 
I 
--------------
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
Plaintif£ 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
C.M.A., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80994-MARRA/JOHNSON 
I 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80993-MARRNJOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80811-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305,358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 3 of 12 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
I 
--------------
JANE DOE NO. II, 
Plaintiff, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80469-MARRA/JOHNSON 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
Plaintiff, 
CASE NO.: 09-CV-80591-MARRNJOHNSON 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
_____________ __;/ 
JANE DOE NO. I 02, 
CASE NO.: 09-CV-80656-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
______________ / 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 4 of 12 
PLAINTIFFS JANE DOE NO. 101 and JANE DOE NO. 102'S 
MOTION FOR NO-CONTACT ORDER 
Plaintiffs, Jane Doe No. 101 and Jane Doe No. 102 (together, the "Plaintiffs") hereby 
move this Court for a No-Contact Order directed to Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and, as grounds, 
state as follows: 
1. 
After investigations by the Palm Beach Police Department, the Palm Beach State 
Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the United States Attorney's Office 
for the Southern District of Florida (the "USAO"), Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, in June 2008, 
entered pleas of "guilty" in the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in Palm Beach Count, Florida, to 
various Florida state crimes involving the solicitation of minors for prostitution and the 
procurement of minors for the purposes of prostitution. 
2. 
During the course of Defendant's state plea conference of June 30, 2008, Palm 
Beach Circuit Court Judge Deborah Dale Pucillo ordered Defendant "not to have any contact, 
direct or indirect'' with any victims. (Transcript of the Plea Conference at 20, relevant pages 
attached hereto as Exhibit A). Judge Dale Pucillo went on to clarify that, by "indirect," she 
meant that Defendant should not send any text messages, e-mails, Facebook contact, My Space 
contact, telephone calls, voicemails, or messages through third parties to "any of these victims." 
Id. Judge Dale Pucillo expressly stated that the no-contact order should apply to "all of the 
victims." Id. 
3. 
In addition, after Defendant entered into a non-prosecution agreement with the 
USAO, Assistant United States Attorney Marie Villafana provided Defendant's attorneys with a 
list of individuals whom the USAO had identified as victims of child sex exploitation as defined 
in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 (the "USAO List"). The USAO was prepared to indict Defendant based 
upon Defendant's sexual exploitation of these minor victims. It was the intent of the USAO to 
place these identified victims in the same position as they would have been had Defendant been 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
WWW .podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 5 of 12 
convicted at trial. Thus, upon information and belief, AUSA Marie Villafana and Mr. Michael 
Tein, former counsel for Defendant, along with Mr. Jack Goldberger, who still represents 
Defendant, entered into a verbal agreement at the time AUSA Villafana provided the USAO List 
to them, whereby neither Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, nor his agents would have any direct or 
indirect contact with the victims named on the USAO List. 
4. 
Nevertheless, during a March 25th meeting with Defendant's counsel, Defendant's 
counsel told Plaintiffs' counsel that it is Defendant's position that the no-contact order agreed to 
during the state plea conference does not apply to anyone other than those three victims who 
were officially part of Defendant's state plea. 
5. 
Upon Plaintiffs' counsel seeking reassurance from Defendant's counsel that 
neither Defendant nor his agents would contact victims on the USAO List, Defendant's counsel 
responded that Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, would not contact any of undersigned counsel's 
clients as long as Mr. Josefsberg was representing them in connection with settlement 
discussions. 
6. 
As a result, on April 17, 2009, Plaintiffs' counsel sent defense counsel a letter 
requesting that Defendant provide written confirmation that neither he nor his agents will 
directly or indirectly contact any of the victims represented by Plaintiffs' counsel (the "No-
Contact Letter") (April 17, 2009 Letter attached hereto as Exhibit B). On May 18, 2009, 
Plaintiffs' counsel again requested this written confirmation (E-mail correspondence attached 
hereto as Exhibit C). 
Despite Plaintiffs' reasonable requests, Defendant's counsel first 
responded by stating that the Non-Prosecution Agreement does not prevent some form of contact 
with undersigned counsel's clients. (Redacted May 18, 2009 Letter from Mr. Robert Critton is 
attached hereto as Exhibit D). Defendant's counsel then sent a letter on May 21, 2009 citing the 
Comment to Rule 4-4.2 of the Rules of Professional Conduct that states that "[p ]arties to a matter 
Podhmst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street,. Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.co111 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 6 of 12 
may communicate directly with each other." (Redacted May 21, 2009 Letter from Mr. Critton is 
attached hereto as Exhibit E). Thus, despite Mr. Critton's statement that it is not Defendant's 
intention to have direct contact with undersigned counsel's clients, Defendant obviously believes 
he can change his intentions if he so chooses. 
7. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, is a designated sexual offender who sexually abused 
Jane Doe No. 101 and Jane Doe No. 102 when the victims were minors. As a result of his abuse, 
Plaintiffs have in the past suffered, now suffer, and will in the future continue to suffer, physical 
injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental 
anguish, humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, loss of educational opportunities, loss of self-
esteem, loss of dignity, and invasion of their privacy. Any further direct or indirect contact with 
Defendant and/or his agents would cause a great deal of additional damages. Moreover, any 
desire or need on the part of Defendant to contact these victims-implied by virtue of his refusal 
to tmambiguously confirm that he will not contact them-is disturbing and suspect, at best. At a 
minimum, Defendant's refusal to avoid contaet works as a ploy to attempt to keep Plaintiffs in 
"victim mode." 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff respectfully requests this Court to enter an order prohibiting 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and any of his agents from any direct or indirect contact with 
Plaintiffs, except through Plaintiffs' attorney ofrecord through the duration of this Court's order. 
Memorandum In Sugport 
As previously stated, during the course of Defendant's state plea conference of June 30, 
2008, Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge Deborah Dale Pucillo ordered Defendant "not to have any 
contact, direct or indirect" with any of Defendant's victims. However, for what could only be 
dubious purposes, Defendant seeks to take advantage of the fact that only three of Defendant's 
numerous victims were officially a part of the State of Florida's criminal prosecution of 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Pa 
Defendant and that he entered into a non-prosecution agreement with the USAO. Thus, despi1 
the no-contact order being considered a standard condition of probation or community contrc 
for sex offenders such as Defendant, and despite his counsel having agreed to a no-contact orde 
with AUSA Villafana for all of Defendant's victims on the USAO List, Defendant is now takin: 
the position that neither Judge Dale Pucillo's no-contact order nor his agreement with the USA( 
via his counsel restricts him from contacting any of the victims except for the three victim 
directly involved in the state plea. Because of the non-prosecution agreement, there is no federa 
conviction against Defendant with respect to Plaintiffs and other victims on the USAO List wh< 
are similarly situated and, thus, no accompanying sentencing court to issue a no-contact order 
However, each of the victims on the USAO List is supposed to be in the same position as iJ 
Defendant had been convicted in federal court. In crimes involving victims, at the time oJ 
sentencing, a sentencing judge generally has wide discretion to order that the defendant have no 
contact with the victim or victims of the crime or crimes for which the defendant is being 
sentenced. Where the defendant is given a sentence of probation or community control, the no-
contact order can be made a condition of the defendant's supervision. The case for judicial 
intervention is heightened in cases such as this one, where Defendant has sexually exploited 
numerous minors. Jane Doe No. 101 and Jane Doe No. 102, like all of the other young women 
on the USAO List, were sexually abused by Defendant; any further direct contact with 
Defendant and/or his agents would cause a great deal of additional damages. Previous contact by 
Defendant and his agents with other victims has had a temole effect on the young women's 
ability to heal the scars of Defendant's abuse. Additionally, Defendant's contacting his victims 
also has the predictable effect of undermining the victims' willingness to proceed with their civil 
actions against Defendant. Defendant's demonstrated use of his wealth, power, and influence 
has the immediate effect of intimidating young women who have already been traumatized by 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.3582800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Port Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podht 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 8 of 12 
his sexual exploitation. 
Indeed, any desire or need on the part of Defendant to contact his 
victims, implied by virtue of his refusal to confirm that he will not contact them directly or 
indirectly, is disturbing and suspect, at best. 
Plaintiffs thus ask this Court to provide the 
protection and peace of mind that each of them needs. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiffs respectfully move this Court to enter an order granting 
Plaintiffs' Motion for No-Contact Order prohibiting Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, from any 
contact or communication with Plaintiffs Jane Doe No. 101 and Jane Doe No. 102, either directly 
or indirectly, except through Plaintiffs' attorney ofrecord for the duration of the order. 
CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL RULE 7.1.A.3 
On May 18, 2009, undersigned counsel conferred with counsel for Defendant in a good 
faith effort to resolve the issues rnised in this motion, and Defendant's counsel advised that 
Defendant opposes this motion. 
Date: May 22, 2009 
/s/Ibbert C. Josef!'sbe.rg 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Bar No. 040856 
Katherine W. Ezell, Bar No. 114771 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
City National Bank Building 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, Florida 33130 
(305) 358-2800 
(305) 358-2382 (fax) 
riosefsberg@podhurst.com 
kezell(ii{podhurst.com 
Attorneys/or Plaintiffs Jane Doe No. IOI 
and Jane Doe No. I 02 
Certificate of Service 
I hereby certify that, on May 22, 2009, I electronically filed the foregoing document with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served 
this day on all counsel of record identified on the attached Service List in the manner specified, 
either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 9 of 12 
authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are not authorized to receive electronically 
Notices of Electronic Filing. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
Isl Robert Josefsberg 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Bar No. 040856 
Katherine W. Ezell, Bar No. 114771 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
City National Bank Building 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, Florida 3 313 0 
(305) 358-2800 
(305) 358-2382 (fax) 
rjosefsberg@podhurst.com 
kezell(d)podhurst.com 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs Jane Doe No. I OJ 
and Jane Doe No. I 02 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurstcom 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 10 of 12 
SERVICE LIST 
JANE DOE NO. 2 v. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Robert Critton, Esq. 
Michael J. Pike, Esq. 
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman LLP 
515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561) 842-2820 
Fax: (561) 515-3148 
rcrit@~bclclaw.com 
mpike@bclclaw.com 
Counsel for Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian A venue South, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561) 659-8300 
Fax: (561) 835-8691 
jagesq@bellsouth.net 
Co-Counsel for Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 
Bruce E. Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 South Australian A venue, Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561) 202-6360 
Fax: (561) 828-0983 
ecf(mbmcereinhartlaw.com 
Counsel for Co-Defendant, Sarah Kellen 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33409 
Phone: ( 561) 686-6300 
Fax: (561) 383-9456 
jsx(iv,searcylaw .com 
jph@searcylaw.com 
Counsel for Plaintiff C.MA. 
Podhurst Oz-...;cck, P.A 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.3582800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurstcom 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 11 of 12 
Adam Horowitz, Esq. 
Stuart Mermelstein, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 3 3160 
Phone: (305) 931-2200 
Fax: (305) 931-0877 
ahorowi tz@sexabuseattorney.com 
smermelstein(msexabuseattomey .com 
Counsel for Plaintiffs in Related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119,08-80232, 08-80380, 08-
80381, 08-80993, 08-80994 
Spencer Todd Kuvin, Esq. 
Theodore Jon Leopold, Esq. 
Leopold Kuvin, P.A. 
2925 PGA Boulevard, Suite 200 
Pahn Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
Phone: (561) 515-1400 
Fax: (561) 515-1401 
sk:uvin@leopoldkuvin.com 
tleopold@leopoldkuvin.com 
Counsel for P la inti.ff in Related Case No. 08-08804 
Richard Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
2290 10th Ave North, Suite 404 
Lake Worth, FL 3 3461 
Phone: (561) 582-7600 
Fax: (561) 588-8819 
lawyerwillits(maol.com 
reelrhw@hotmail.com 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-80811 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Law Office of Brad Edwards & Associates, LLC 
2028 Harrison Street, Suite 202 
Hollywood, FL 33020 
Phone: (954) 414-8033 
Fax: (954) 924-1530 
bedwards@rra-Iaw.com 
be@bradedwardslaw.com 
Counsel for Plaintfffin Related Case No. 08-80893 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street,, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2362 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www .podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of 31
Case 9: 08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 12 of 12 
Isidro Manuel Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Elkins & Boehringer 
224 Datura A venue, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Phone: (561) 832-8033 
Fax: (561) 832-7137 
isid.rogarcia(a),beUsouth.net 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-80469 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhmst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 1 of 4 
EXHIBIT A 
to 
Plaintiffs Jane Doe 101 and Jane Doe 102's 
Motion for No-Contact Order 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of 31
,Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 2 of 4 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
CRIMINAL DIVISION 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
) 
) 
vs 
) 
) 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
) 
) 
Defendant. 
) 
___________ ) 
CASE NO. 06 CF9454AMB 
938:j.CFAMB 
• PLEA CONFERENCE 
PRESIDING: 
HONORABLE DEBORAH DALE PUCILLO 
APPEARANCES: 
ON BEHALF OF THE STATE: 
BARRY E. KRISCHER, ESQUIRE 
State Attorney 
401 North Dixie Highway 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
By: 
LANNA BELOHLAVEK, ESQUIRE 
Assistant State Attorney 
ON BEHALF OF THE DEFENDANT: 
ATTERBURY, GOLDBERGER & WEISS,P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
By: 
JACK GOLDBERGER, ESQUIRE 
CER1\f\EO COPY 
June 30, 2008 
Palm Beach County Courthouse 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Beginning ~t 8:40 0
clock, a.m. 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 15 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 3 of 4 
regularly congregate? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
I personally do not 
know. 
THE COURT: 
why I.' m asking. 
investigated? 
Neither do I, which is 
Has that been 
MR. GOLDBERGER: 
We have done our due 
diligence, for what it's worth, there is a 
residential street. 
There are not children 
congregating on that street. 
We think the 
address applies, if it doesn't, we fully 
recognize that he can't live there. 
THE COURT: 
Okay. 
Dis, you shall 
not have any contact with the victim, are 
there more than one victim? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
There's several. 
THE COURT: 
Several, all of the 
victims. 
So this should be plural. 
I'm 
making that plural. 
You are not to have 
any contact direct or indirect, and in this 
day and age I find it necessary to go over 
exactly what we mean by indirect. 
By 
indirect, we mean no text messages, no 
e~mail, no Face Book, no My Space, no 
telephone calls, no voice mails, no 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 16 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 4 of 4 
messages through carrier pigeon, no 
messages through third parties, no hey 
would you tell so and so for me, no having 
a friend, acquaintance or stranger approach 
any of these victims with a message of any 
sort from you, is that clear? 
THE DEFENDANT: 
Yes, ma'am 
THE COURT: 
And then it states, 
unless approved by the victim, the 
therapist and the sentencing court. 
Okay. 
THE DEFENDANT: 
I understand. 
THE COURT: 
And the sentencing court. 
So, if there is a desire which, I would 
think would be a bit strange to have 
contact with any of the victims the court 
must approve it. 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
Correct. 
THE COURT: 
If the victim was under 
the age of 18, which was the case, you 
shall not until you have successfully 
attended and completed the sex offender 
program. 
So, is this sex offender 9rogram 
becoming a condition of probation? 
MS. BELOHLAVEK: 
That is not. 
I 
don't believe I circled that one. 
PHYLLIS A. DAMES, 
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 17 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 1 of 4 
EXHIBITB 
to 
Plaintiffs Jane Doe 101 and Jane Doe 102's 
Motion for No-Contact Order 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 18 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 2 of 4 
Podhurst Orseck 
TRIAL & APPELLATE LAWYERS 
Aaron S. Podhurst 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
Joel D. Baton 
Steven C. Marks 
V!ci:or M. Diaz, Jr. 
Katherine w. Ezell 
Stephen F. Rosenthal 
Ricardo M. Martfnez..Od 
Ramon A Rasco 
Alexander T. Ruru:llet 
John Gravante, m 
Carolina Mabarbiz 
David Spicer, Esq. 
11000 Prosperity Farms Road 
Suite 104 
Palm.Beach Gardens, FL33410 
Robert Critton, Esq. 
April 17, 2009 
VIA FACSIMILE 
Burman,, Critton, Luttier & Coleman LLP 
515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian A venue South, Suite I 400 
West Palm Beach. FL 33401 
Gentlemen: 
Robert Orseck (1934-1978) 
Walter H. Beckham, Jr. 
KarenPodhurst Dem 
Of Counsel 
During om-recent meeting with Mr. Black, we were told that it is your client's position that 
the no-contact order agreed to during the state plea colloquy does not apply to any of our clients 
except for those victims who were part of Mr. Epstein's state plea Our understanding is that AUSA 
Villafana and Messrs. Tein and Goldberger entered a verbal agreement at the time that the list of 
victims was provided to those defense counsel.that Mr. Epstein, including his agents, would have· 
no direct or indirect contact with the victims named on this list . In addiditon, under applicable 
Florida Bar Rules governing contact by attorneys and their agents with persons represented by 
counsel, any contact with any of our clients or their family members by Mr. Epstein, his counsel 
and/or his agents must strictly be through us. Mr. Lefkowitz had previously reassured us that .Mr. 
Epstein would not contact any of our clients as long as I am "representing them in connection with 
settlement discussions." Due to om differences regarding the retroactivity issue and 1he "per 
plaintiff' v. per incident/count issue, we have apparently reached a dead end regarding settlement 
Podhurst ~P.A. 25 West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33l30 
Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 19 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 3 of 4 
We are concerned that Mr. Epstein could misconstrue our impasse in conjunction with Mr. 
Lefkowitz' e-mail to mean that now that we are no longer "representing them in connection with 
settlement discussions," he may contact them. Please be assured that it is our position that regardless 
of whether we are representing our clients during settJement discussions and/or trial preparation, we, 
and the rules of professional conduct, prohibit contact. 
In order to be crystal clear as to whom we represent, we have attached a list of our present 
clients. We expect each member of Mr. Epstein's defense team to abide by the applicable rules of 
professional conduct We request written confirmation from Mr. Epstein that neither he nor his 
agents will contact any of the victims represented by us. 
If this correspondence is in any way unclear, please contact us. 
Sincerely, 
~~ 
Robert c.-Josefuberg 
cc: 
Roy Black, Esq. w/ enclosures 
Jay Lefkowitz, Esq. w/ enclosures 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 20 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 4 of 4 
List of Clients Represented by Podhurst Orseck P.A. 
as of April 17, 20091 
We will supplement th.is list as necessary. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 21 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-4 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 1 of 2 
EXHIBITC 
to 
Plaintiffs Jane Doe 101 and Jane Doe 102's 
Motion For No-Contact Order 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 22 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-4 
ROBERT C. JOSEFSBERG 
From: 
Sent: 
ROBERT C. JOSEFSBERG • 
Monday, May 18, 2009 4:46 PM 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 2 of 2 
Page 1 of 1 
To: 
'rcrit@bclclaw.com'; 'jagesq@bellsouth.net' 
Subject 
Epstein No Contact Letter 
Importance: High 
Attachments: No Contact Letter of April 17.pdf 
Gentlemen: 
On April 17, 2009 we sent your team the attached No Contact Letter. 
To date, we 
have not heard back from you or any other members of Mr. Epstein's defense team. 
If we don't hear back from you by Wednesday, May 20, 2009, we will seek relief in 
court. 
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
5/19/2009 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 23 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-5 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 1 of 3 
EXHIBITD 
to 
Plaintiffs Jane Doe 101 and Jane Doe 102's 
Motion for No-Contact Order 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 24 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-5 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 2 of 3 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER 
& COLEMAN LLP 
J. MICHAEL BURMAN, P.A.I 
OREGORY W. COUlMAN, P.A. • 
ROBERT D. CRrrroN, JR., !'.A.I 
BllRNARD LBBBDBJrnR 
MARKT. urrnmt, P.A. 
IBPFR6Y C. PBPIN 
MICHABLJ.PIKB 
A LIMlTBO LIABlLJn' PARTNBRSWP 
HHATimR Md'iAMARA R.UDA 
I PLOllIDA BOARD ODr11f1III) 
C1V1L 11UAi. LAWYllll 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Robert Josefsberg, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
Wast Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
Re: 
Dear Kathy and Bob: 
May 18, 2009 
ADlltQUI J. BllNAVBNTB 
l'l\RAl.SGAl./ ltlVll5TIC,ffll 
.BARlJA:RA M, McKENNA 
ASHLlI! STOKBN-BARINO 
BBrt'Y STOK!!S 
PARALl!OA!.8 
Rn'A H. .BIJDNYK 
O!'COUNS!ll. 
Additionally, Bob, you wrote a letter on April 17, 2009 stating your posltiQn 
regarding "No Contact' with any of your firm's clients based on your Interpretation· of the 
Non-Prosecution Agreement I do not concede that your position Is correct nor that the 
Non-Prosecution Agreement prevents some fonns of contact with 
our clients. 
L•A•W•Y•H•R•S 
515N.FLAGLBRDIUVE / sum!400 / WFSI'PALMBEACH,PLORIDA33401 
'J13LEPHONB (561) 842-2820 FAX (561) 844-6929 
mai1@bulclaw.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 25 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-5 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 3 of 3 
May 18, 2009 
Page2 
RDC/clz 
cc: 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 26 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-6 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 1 of 3 
EXHIBITE 
to 
Plaintiffs Jane Doe 101 and Jane Doe 102's 
Motion for No-Contact Order 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 27 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-6 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 2 of 3 
J. MICHAEL BURMAN, P.A.1 
GROOORY W. COLEMAN. PA. 
ROBERT D. CRITION,JR., P.A.1 
BERNARDLEBBPBKER 
A LIMITED LIABILITY PARTNERSHIP 
MARK T.LUTTIBR,PA. 
JEFFREY C. PEPIN 
MICHAEL J. PIKE 
HEATHER McNAMARA RUDA 
I J'LOlUDA BOARD CllRTIPIBD 
CIYlt, TJUAt. l.A WYER 
Sent by E-Mail and U.S. Mail 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
Dear Bob: 
May 21, 2009 
ADBLQU! J. BBNAVBN'l'E 
PARALEGAL I INYESTIOATOR 
BARBARA M. McKENNA 
ASHLIE STOKEN-13AR!NG 
BETTY STOKES 
PARAU!GALS 
RITA H. BUDNYK 
Ol'COUNSEL 
As I advised you yesterday, I am responding to your April 17, 2009 letter. As l 
stated in my e-tnail, I think your request is unnecessary. Despite what Roy may have 
said to you, my client has had no contact with any of your clients. To my knowledge, 
the only one who has "breachedff any agreement regarding contact is your own client, 
-
who, as I advised you in a letter last week, contacted Jack Goldberger's 
office looking for her settlement check. Mr. Goldberger, of course, did not speak with 
her. 
Lawyers who represent Mr. Epstein are well familiar with the Rules of 
Professional Conduct, including Rule 4-4.2. At the same time, I am certain you are 
equally familiar with that Rule. 
The Comment provides «Parties to a matter may 
communicate directly with each other ... ". 
To my knowledge, neither Mr. Epstein nor any attorney or agent of those 
attorneys who represent Mr. Epstein, have contacted or attempted to contact your 
clients. Given that it is not Mr. Epstein's Intention to have direct contact with your 
clients, it is unnecessary to respond point by point to statements attributed to my co--
counsel. 
L•A•W•Y•E•R•S 
515 N. FLAGLER DRIVE / SUITE 400 / WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA 33401 
TELEPHONE (561) 842-2820 FAX (561) 844-6929 
mail@bclclaw.oom 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 28 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-6 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 3 of 3 
May 21, 2009 
Page2 
Rather than to be concerned about what my client is doing, I would ask that you 
advise your clients not to contact Mr. Epstein's lawyers dfrectly. Neither I nor the 
attorneys who represent Mr. Epstein want to be put in a position where we are set up by 
any of your clients. 
RDC/msc 
cc: 
Roy Black, Esq. 
Jay Lefkowitz, Esq. 
J. Michael Burman, Esq. 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Josefsberg.011.doc 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 29 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-7 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 1 of 4 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
---------------'/ 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
I 
-------------
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
I 
---------------' 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 30 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-7 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 2 of 4 
Defendant. 
I 
--------------
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80994-MARRA/JOHNSON 
_____________ 
......;/ 
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80993-MARRA/JOHNSON 
______________ / 
C.M.A., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80811-MARRNJOHNSON 
---------------'/ 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80893-MARRNJOHNSON 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 31 of 31
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-7 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 3 of 4 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
I 
--------------
JANE DOE NO. II, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80469-MARRA/JOHNSON 
I 
--------------
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
CASE NO.: 09-CV-80591-MARRA/JOHNSON 
I 
--------------
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
CASE NO.: 09-CV-80656-MARRA/JOHNSON 
I 
--------------
RD ER 
THIS CAUSE comes before the Court on Plaintiffs' Motion for No-Contact Order (DE 
# _J, filed May 22, 2009. Plaintiffs represent that Defendant has not agreed to the relief 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-02.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-03.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016-03.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 13
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 127 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 1 of 9 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
JANE DOE NO. 3, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
I 
----------
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 4, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
I 
----------
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5, 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 13
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 127 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 2 of 9 
Doe 101 v. Epstein 
Page2 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
I 
-----------
JANE DOE NO. 6, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
I 
-----------
JANE DOE NO. 7, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
I 
-----------
C.M.A., 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
I 
-----------
JANE DOE, 
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-80811-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 08-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 13
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 127 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 3 of 9 
Doe 101 v. Epstein 
Page3 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
I 
-----------
DOEU, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendants. 
I 
-----------
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant. 
I 
-----------
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
I 
-----------
CASE NO.: 09-80469-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 09-80591-CIV-MARRA-JOHNSON 
CASE NO.: 09-80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
DEFENDANT, JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S, RESPONSE TO JANE DOE NO. 101 AND JANE 
DOE NO. 102'8 MOTION FOR A NO CONTACT ORDER 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 13
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 127 
Doe 101 v. Epstein 
Page4 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 4 of 9 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, ("MR EPSTEIN"), by and through his undersigned 
attorneys responds to the Plaintiffs' Jane Doe No. 101 and Jane Doe No. 102 ("Plaintiffs") 
Motion for a No Contact Order [DE 113] and states: 
I. 
Plaintiffs' Motion was completely unnecessary and a waste of attorney time and 
judicial resources. Plaintiffs' motion was filed to cast a false light on Mr. Epstein and his 
attorneys, and to draw attention away from the fact that many of the alleged "victims" on the 
referenced "list" were or are admitted prostitutes, dancers at strip clubs (Platinum Gold, Cheetah, 
Diamond Dolls, T's Lounge, Flashdance, etc.) or have criminal records or warrants for their 
arrests, to reference only a few issues about them. 
2. 
Plaintiffs seek an advisory opinion on an issue which does not exist. 
Neither 
Mr. Epstein nor his attorneys have initiated any contact, direct or indirect, with any alleged 
"victims", nor does Plaintiffs' counsel or any alleged person by way of affidavit alleged any type 
of contact, direct or indirect. The undersigned's May 21, 2009 (Exhibit 1 hereto) letter could 
not have been clearer as to the position of Mr. Epstein and his attorneys, i.e. "To my knowledge, 
neither Mr. Epstein nor any attorney or agent of those attorneys who represent Mr. Epstein, have 
contacted or attempted to contact your clients. Given that it is not Mr. Epstein's intention to 
have any direct contact with your clients, it is unnecessary to respond point by point to any 
statements attributed to my co-counsel." To the extent it was not clear in the undersigned's 
letter, neither Mr. Epstein nor his attorneys, nor their agents intend to have any direct or indirect 
contact with Plaintiffs counsels' clients. What else is there to say? 
3. 
Is Plaintiffs' counsel suggesting that Mr. Epstein cannot even be at the 
depositions of his clients as parties or witnesses? That certainly will be direct 'eye' contact at a 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 13
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 127 
Doe 101 v. Epstein 
Page 5 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 5 of 9 
minimum. If that is Plaintiffs' position then Jane Doe 101 and 102, and any other matters where 
Plaintiffs' finn's clients are involved, should be stayed until expiration of the Non-Prosecution 
Agreement, otherwise Mr. Epstein will be denied his due process right of any civil party to be 
present at opposing party's deposition. 
4. 
Rather than to mislead the court by providing a substantially redacted copy of the 
undersigned's May 18, 2009 letter, a full copy of the letter redacting only the client's full name 
is attached as Exhibit 2. The letter is important in that the Defendant and his attorneys recognize 
that no contact included not serving his client with a deposition subpoena through a process 
server, i.e. potentially an "agent" by serving her attorney. As this court will note from paragraph 
of Exhibit 1, a very cautious approach was taken by Defendant and his attorneys, in stating 
"However, based on the position that you, Bob, have taken, I am providing/serving you with the 
subpoena for L.S.P. 's deposition on June 11." 
5. 
Plaintiffs' counsel further tries to obfuscate Defendant's position by redacting the 
last paragraph of the May 18, 2009 letter, which states "Finally as I also indicated in our 
telephone conversation, your client contacted Jack Goldberger's [one of Mr. Epstein's attorneys] 
office last week suggesting that Jack was holding up the settlement. He did not speak with her. I 
don't know where Ms. P got that idea." 
Plaintiffs' counsel should be more concerned about 
controlling their own clients. 
6. 
Rather than the Plaintiffs filing this needless, unwarranted and excessive motion 
where they take another shot at Mr. Epstein so they can remind the court of their alleged 
damages, maybe, they should focus more on the background of their own clients, including the 
individual referenced in the May 18, 2009 letter. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 13
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 127 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 6 of 9 
Doe 101 v. Epstein 
Page6 
7. 
Finally, Mr. Epstein pled guilty to one count of felony solicitation (which was not 
related to a minor), under §796.07(2)(f), F.S. and one count of procuring a minor for prostitution 
under §796.03 F. S. 
Plaintiffs' reference to both counts being related to "minors" is again 
misleading and incorrect. 
8. 
At the time of the state court plea on June 30, 2008, neither Defendant nor his 
counsel nor the state attorney's office had seen the "secret" list of alleged victims, i.e. Mr. 
Epstein was forced to agree to a list of individuals that the USAO refused to provide pre-plea. 
The list was not provided to Mr. Epstein's attorney until after the plea and Mr. Epstein was in 
jail. With the parties to the plea completely unaware who would be on the list, how then could 
the state plea be construed as a limitless no contact order. Mr. Epstein is doing more than the 
law requires. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant, Mr. Epstein, requests this court deny the motion as premature 
and unnecessary based on the current state of the facts. 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
CM/ECF on this 29th 
day of 
May 
,2009 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 13
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 127 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 7 of 9 
Doe 101 v. Epstein 
Page 7 
By: _________ _ 
ROBERT D. RITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar o. 224162 
rcrit@bclclaw.com 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
mpike@bclclaw.com 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
( Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 13
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 127 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 8 of g 
Doe 101 v. Epstein 
Page 8 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax:305-931-0877 
ssm@sexabuseattomey.com 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattomey.com 
Counsel for Plaintiffs in Related Cases Nos. 
08-80069, 08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-
80381, 08-80993, 08-80994 
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
2290 10th Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
561-582-7600 
Fax: 561-588-8819 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-
80811 
reelrhw@hotmail.com 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561-686-6300 
Fax: 561-383-9424 
jsx@searcylaw.com 
jph@searcylaw.com 
Counsel for Plaintiff, CM.A. 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone:954-522-3456 
Fax: 954-527-8663 
bedwards@rra-law.com 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-
80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
ProHac Vice 
332 South 1400 B, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-
80469 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
305 358-2800 
Fax: 305 358-2382 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 13
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 127 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 9 of 9 
Doe 101 v. Epstein 
Page9 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-202-6360 
Fax: 561-828-0983 
ecf@brncereinhartlaw.com 
Counsel for Defendant Sarah Kellen 
Theodore J. Leopold, Esq. 
Spencer T. Kuvin, Esq. 
Ricci-Leopold, P.A. 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
561-684-6500 
Fax: 561-515-2610 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-
08804 
skuvin@riccilaw.com 
tleopold@riccilaw.com 
rjosefsberg@podhurst.com 
kezell@J)odhurst.com 
Counsel for Plaintiffs in Related Cases Nos. 
09-80591 and 09-80656 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian A venue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
jagesq@beUsouth.net 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of 13
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 127-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 1 of 2 
Case 9:08wCV•80119-KAM 
Document 113-6 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 2 of 3 
_,,, 
,.,,...,_ 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIBR 
& COLEMAN LLP 
J. MlCRAfl.. l30RMAN', P.A,1 
OlUlOORYW. OOU:MAN, P.A. 
ROBB!rr D. CIUT'tO),f, JJl., I" .A.I 
lll!RNARD l&l!Pl'll<ER. 
MA.RKT.Lll'lTil:!!l.P'A. 
JE!F.l'RllY c. l'l:!PJN 
A UM!TfiO t.IAlllLtrY PAJtTltERSHJP 
Mle!Wn, J. PIKB 
ffBA'l'HBlt ~AMARA RUDA 
I l'(.OlUr,.,,,OM'DCSlml'IW • 
CIVlt. 'TJUAI. 1.AWYI!lt 
§ent by E~MaiJ and U.S. Mail 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
Dear Bob: 
May 21, 2009 
APl!tQVU. B~A.ve»T.S 
PAAAl.llGIJ. I JllYES'tlOIITI)I>; 
B..,IUIAM M. McKBNN'A 
ASHUB S'!'Og:Q4-13AAIJ-IG 
JJET'lYS'IOK!!S 
AARAl.l!GALS 
RTI'A. a. BUDWllC 
Ol'COWSl?l. . 
As I advised you yesterday, Jam responding to your April 17, 2009 lettar. As I 
stated in my e~mall, I think your request ls unnecessary. Despite what Roy may have 
said to you, my client has had no contact with any of your clients. To my knowledge, 
the only one who has ubreached" any agreement regarding contact Is your own client, 
II 
ii l who, as I advised you In a letter last week, contacted Jack Goldberger's 
office. looking for her settlement check. Mr. Goldberger. of course, did not speak with 
her .. 
Lawyers who represent Mr. Epstein are well familiar with the Rules of 
Professional Conduct, including Rule 4-4.2. At the same time, l am certain you are 
equally famlllar with that Rule. 
The Comment provides "Parties to a matter may 
communicate directly with each other ... ". 
• 
To my knowledge, neither Mr. Epstein nor any attorney or agent of those 
attorneys who represent Mr. Epstein, have contacted or attempted to contact your 
clients. Given that rt fs not Mr. Epstein's Intention to have direct contact with your 
clients, It is unnecessary to respond point by point to statements attributed to my co-
counsel. 
EXHIBIT_L 
L•A•W•Y•E•R•S 
SlS N. FLAGLER DRIVE / SUITB 400 I WEST PALM BBACH,FLORIDA 33401 
'.l"BLBPHONB (S61) &42-2820 FAX (S61) 844-69251 
mall@bololaw.oom 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of 13
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 127-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 2 of 2 
Case 9:0a~cv-80119-KAM 
Document 113-6 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/22/2009 
Page 3 of 3 
May 21, 2009 
Page2 
Rather than to be concerned about what my client Is doing. I would .ask that you 
advise your clients not to contact Mr. Epstein's lawyers directly. Neither I nor the 
attorneys who represent Mr. Epstein want to be put In a position where we are set up by 
any of your clients. 
RDC/mso 
cc: 
Roy Black, Esq. 
Jay Lefkowitz, Esq. 
J. Michael Burman, Esq. 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 
Josefsberg.011.C!Oc 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of 13
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 127-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 1 of 2 
1. MICHAEL BURMAN. P.A.1 
OREOORY W. COLEMAN, £>.A. 
ROBERTD.CJ:UTION,JR..,PA.' 
BERNARD LEBEDEKER 
MARKT. LDrnER, P.A. 
JEFfRBY C. PEPlN 
A LIMITED LIABILITY PARTNBRSHlP 
MICHAELJ. PIKE 
HEATHER McNAMARA RUDA 
l'LOf<)[)A BOARD Cll!mfllll) 
CIVIL TRIAL LAWYE!t 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Robert Josefsberg, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
Re: 
Dear Kathy and Bob: 
May 18, 2009 
ADBl'...QUI J. BENAVENTE 
PAR;\UlOAL I INVESTIGATOa 
BARBARA M. Mcl<ENNA 
ASHLIE STOICBN-BARINO 
BETTY STOKES 
PAJ!ALSOALS 
RII'A H. BUDNYK • 
OPCOUNSl!L 
I am enclosing the settlement check made payable to your firm and your client, 
Ms. Patrick, In the amount of $50,000.00. Upon clearance of the funds, forward the 
original release to me. 
Additionally, Bob, you wrote a letter on April 17, 2009 stating your position 
regarding "No Contact'' with any of your firm's clients based on your interpretation· of the 
Non-Prosecution Agreement I do not concede that your position is correct nor that the 
Non-Prosecution Agreement prevents some forms of contact with your clients. 
However, based on the position that you, Bob, have taken, I am providing/serving you 
with the subpoena for L-S• P-s deposition on June 11. 
If that date and time does not work for you, please let me know and we wlll re-
coordinate a date· within a reasonable time frame. 
As I advised you in our conversation today, May 18, 2009, there is a No-Bond 
Warrant for Ms. P ... 
's arrest. Apparently your client was arrested In March of this 
year for one count of battery and two counts of domestic violence based upon the Palm 
Beach County Sheriff's office booking records. She apparently violated her SOR, and 
therefore a Warrant is outstanding. 
While I have an obligation to provide you our firm's check made payable to your 
firm and Ms. Pilll, we are specifically opposed to the disbursement of any funds to 
her which would in any way suggest that Mr. Epstein or his attorneys are aiding a 
fugitive. Because there is a Warrant for her arrest and she ls a fugitive, disbursement of 
any funds to her maybe considered by the Palm Beach Sheriff's office to be uaiding a 
L•A·W•Y•E·R·S 
515 N.FLAGLER DRIVE/ SUITE400 / WESTPALMBEACH,FLORIDA33401 
TELEPHONE (561) 842-2820 FAX (561) 844-6929 
mail@bclclaw.com 
EXHIBIT_J( 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of 13
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM 
Document 127-3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 
Page 2 of 2 
May 18, 2009 
Page2 
fugitive". With the funds now under your control, you must make your own decision on 
disbursement. 
Finally as I also indicated In our telephone conversation, your client contacted 
Jack Goldberger's office last week suggesting that Jack was holding up the settlement. 
He did not speak with her. I don't know where Ms. P .. 
got that idea. 
RDC/clz 
cc: 
Jack Goldberger, Esq. 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-03.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-04.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016-04.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT  
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA  
JANE DOE NO. 2,     
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON
 Plaintiff, 
vs.  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,   
Defendant. 
____________________________________/  
JANE DOE NO. 3,     
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs.  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,   
Defendant. 
____________________________________/  
JANE DOE NO. 4,     
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff, 
vs.  JEFFREY EPSTEIN,   
Defendant. 
____________________________________/  
JANE DOE NO. 5,     
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff, 
vs.  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 238    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/31/2009   Page 1 of 5
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 5

Defendant. 
____________________________________/ 
JANE DOE NO. 6,     
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON  
Plaintiff, 
vs.  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
____________________________________/  
JANE DOE NO. 7,     
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff, 
vs.  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,   
Defendant.
____________________________________/ 
C.M.A.,     
CASE NO.: 08-80811-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff, 
vs.  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,   
Defendant.
____________________________________/ 
JANE DOE,     
CASE NO.: 08- 80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff, 
vs.  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al,   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 238    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/31/2009   Page 2 of 5
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 5

Defendants.
____________________________________/ 
DOE II,     
CASE NO.: 09- 80469-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff, 
vs.  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al,   
Defendants.
____________________________________/ 
JANE DOE NO. 101,     
CASE NO.: 09- 80591-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff, 
vs.  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,   
Defendant.
____________________________________/ 
JANE DOE NO. 102
CASE NO.: 09- 80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant.
____________________________________/ 
ORDER
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Plaintiffs Jane Doe. No 101 and 102's Motion for
No-Contact Order (DE 113) and Plaintiffs Jane Does’ 2-7 Notice of Joinder in Plaintiffs’ Motion
(DE 145).  The Court has reviewed the motions, responses, and replies (DE’s 113, 127, 136, 145,
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 238    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/31/2009   Page 3 of 5
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 5

233), and is otherwise fully advised in the premises.  Plaintiffs seek a Court order prohibiting
Defendant or his agents from communicating with Plaintiffs directly or indirectly.  Defendant. 
Defendant opposes the request as “needless, unwarranted and excessive.”  (DE 127 at 5). 
Nonetheless, Defendant states in his response that “neither Mr. Epstein nor his attorneys, nor
their agents intend to have any direct or indirect contact with Plaintiffs counsels’ clients.” (DE
127 at 4).  
The Court notes that Defendant is already under court order not to have direct or indirect
contact with any victims.  See Transcript of Plea Conference at 20.  During the course of
Defendant’s state plea conference of June 30, 2009, Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge Deborah
Dale Pucillio explicitly instructed Defendant as follows:
Court: Okay. D is, you shall not have any contact with the victim, are there more
than one victim?
Ms. Belohlavek: There’s several.
Court: Several, all of the victims.  So this should be plural.  I’m making that
plural.  You are not to have any contact direct or indirect, and in this day and age I
find it necessary to go over exactly what we mean by indirect.  By indirect, we
mean no text messages, no e-mail, no Face Book, no My Space, no telephone
calls, no voice mails, no messages through carrier pigeon, no messages through
third parties, no hey would you tell so and so for me, no having a friend,
acquaintance or stranger approach any of these victims with a message of any sort
from you, is that clear?
Defendant: Yes, ma’am.
Id. at 20-21. 
In light of Defendant’s response to Plaintiffs’ motion for no contact order, suggesting that
the state court’s order only applies to some victims and that parties are always allowed to contact
each other directly, the Court finds it necessary to state clearly that Defendant is under this
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 238    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/31/2009   Page 4 of 5
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 5

See infra, excerpt of Transcript of Plea Conference at 20-21, for examples of indirect
contact. 
court’s order not to have direct or indirect contact with any plaintiffs, regardless of the intended
scope of the state court’s order.  Accordingly, it is hereby
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows:   Plaintiffs Jane Doe. No 101 and 102's
Motion for No-Contact Order (DE 113) is GRANTED.  Defendant is hereby prohibited from
communicating with all plaintiffs directly or indirectly , either personally or through agents,
except that Defendant may communicate with plaintiffs only through plaintiffs’ attorneys of
record, for the duration of this Order.  
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County,
Florida, this 31  day of July, 2009
st
_________________________________
KENNETH A. MARRA
United States District Judge
Copies furnished to:
all counsel of record
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 238    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/31/2009   Page 5 of 5
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 5


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-04.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-05.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016-05.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE,   
CASE NO.  08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
_________________________________/ 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381,  
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
__________________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE’S MOTION FOR MODIFICATION OF MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
PALERMO’S ORDER SCHEDULING SETTLEMENT CONFERENCE TO ENSURE THAT 
JANE DOE DOES IS NOT FORCED TO COME INTO CONTACT WITH CONVICTED SEX 
OFFENDER EPSTEIN IN VIOLATION OF NO CONTACT ORDERS  
Plaintiff, Jane Doe, through undersigned counsel, hereby files this motion for 
modification of the order setting the settlement conference to ensure that the Jane Doe does 
not have to have any contact with defendant Epstein.  Because Epstein is on probation as a 
convicted sex offender, he is currently barred by a state court judge from having any contact 
with Jane Doe.  This Court, too, has entered its own no-contact order.  And, entirely apart 
from any court orders, Jane Doe has difficulty whenever she is compelled to see the man 
who repeatedly sexually abused her when she was a child.  Accordingly, Epstein should not 
be permitted to have any manner of contact with Jane Doe at the settlement conference.  
Because Epstein has a history of “accidentally” having intimidating contact with his victims at 
court-ordered functions, Epstein should be required to be inside the building and in a secure 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 187    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010   Page 1 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 6

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
room separate from Jane Doe at least one hour before the start of the July 6, 2010, 
settlement conference and remain there 30 minutes after Jane Doe leaves the conference. 
BACKGROUND 
On June 30, 2008, Jeffrey Epstein pled guilty to one count of procuring a person under 
for prostitution and one count of felony solicitation to prostitution before the Circuit Court of 
the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida.  He was sentenced to 18 
months in jail.  In the course of the plea/sentencing colloquy, Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge 
Deborah Dale Pucillio explicitly instructed Defendant as follows: 
Court: Okay.  [Item] D is, you shall not have any contact with the victim, . . . [is] 
there more than one victim? 
Ms. Belohlavek: There’s several. 
Court: Several, all of the victims.  So this should be plural. I’m making that 
plural.  You are not to have any contact direct or indirect, and in this day and 
age I find it necessary to go over exactly what we mean by indirect.  By indirect, 
we mean no text messages, no e-mail, no Face Book, no My Space, no 
telephone calls, no voice mails, no messages through carrier pigeon, no 
messages through third parties, no “hey would you tell so and so for me,” no 
having a friend, acquaintance or stranger approach any of these victims with a 
message of any sort from you, is that clear? 
Defendant: Yes, ma’am. 
Transcript of Plea Conference at 20-21.   
Read in context, Judge Pucillio was referring to all victims of sex offenses committed 
by defendant Epstein, whose names were listed in a document that has been described as 
an appendix to a non-prosecution agreement with the United States Attorney’s Office for the 
Southern District of Florida.  Jane Doe is listed in that document. 
The issue of the breadth of the no contact order has previously been before this Court.  
Several of the plaintiff/victims with suits pending against Epstein before this Court filed a 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 187    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010   Page 2 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 6

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
motion for an order prohibiting defendant or his agents from communicating with them directly 
or indirectly Epstein opposed the requests as “needless, unwarranted and excessive.”   Case 
No. 9:08-CV-80119-KAM, doc. #127 at 5.  This Court, however, firmly overruled Epstein’s 
objections.  This Court entered its own, additional no-contact order, ruling: 
In light of Defendant’s response to Plaintiff’s motion for no contact order, 
suggesting that the state court’s order only applies to some victims and that 
parties are always allowed to contact each other directly, the Court finds it 
necessary to state clearly that Defendant is under this court’s order not to have 
direct or indirect contact with any plaintiffs, regardless of the intended scope of 
the state court court’s order.   
Order, doc. #238, at 4-5.   
In spite of two separate court orders from a state and federal court barring direct and 
indirect contact by Epstein with the victims in this case, on August 27, 2009, Epstein 
continues to look for opportunities to harass and intimidate his victims who have filed civil 
suits for his abuse.   Sadly, repeated examples can be found in the docket of this Court.  See, 
e.g., Plaintiffs Jane Doe No. 101 and Jane Doe No. 102’s Motion for No-Contact Order (Case 
No. 9:08-CV-80119-KAM, doc. #113); Plaintiffs Jane Doe’s 2-7’s Response to Defendant’s 
Motion to Compel and/or Identify Plaintiffs in the Style of this Case (doc. #144); Plaintiff Jane 
Does’ 2-7 Motion for Protective Order (doc. #223); Plaintiff Jane Doe Nos. 2-8’s Motion for 
Protective Order as to Jeffrey Epstein’s Attendance at Deposition (doc. #292); Plaintiff Jane 
Doe’s Motion for a Protective Order (doc. #297).  Indeed, in one instance, defendant Epstein 
“accidentally” crossed paths with Jane Doe No. 4 when she was on her way to court-
mandated deposition.  As recounted by Jane Doe No. 4’s legal counsel, when this happened 
“Jeffrey Epstein stopped walking and began staring at her.  He intimidated her until she 
began to cry.  Jeffrey Epstein made no immediate attempt to walk away from our client.  
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 187    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010   Page 3 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 6

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Instead, he stopped and continued to stare at her until she ran away.”  Case No. 9:08-CV-
80119-KAM, doc. #306, at p.  3.   
As the Court is aware, several months ago, Jane Doe attended one court-ordered 
mediation session in this case.  Now, with the trial date looming, Epstein filed a motion on 
June 28, 2010, to force Jane Doe to attend a second mediation session.  Case No. 9:08-CV-
80893-KAM, doc. #168.  That same day, the Court granted the motion, setting a second 
settlement conference.  Magistrate Judge Palermo has now entered an order for the conduct 
of the settlement conference that will require both Jane Doe and Epstein to attend in person.  
Case No. 9:08-CV-80893-KAM, doc. #173.   
DISCUSSION 
Jane Doe has no objection to attending another court ordered settlement conference 
in person.  She does strenuously object, however, to being forced to run any risk that Epstein 
will “accidentally” have contact with her or otherwise use the conference as an occasion for 
intimidation.  Her concerns that Epstein is plotting for this conference to be used for 
harassment purposes – rather than any legitimate settlement discussion – is heightened by 
the fact that Epstein has not made any new realistic settlement proposals to her.  In fact, 
when Jane Doe raised this fear that it was her belief that Epstein was only trying to use this 
conference as an opportunity to scare and intimidate her, we requested of Epstein that he 
make an offer different from any past offers as a show of “good faith”; needless to say, that 
did not happen.      
In light of the history of Epstein’s abuses in this case – and in light of two no-contact 
orders that are now in place against Epstein as result of his sex offense conviction – this 
Court should ensure that Epstein’s motion is not a subterfuge for intimidation.  Accordingly, 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 187    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010   Page 4 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 6

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Jane Doe asks this Court to order that Epstein be in a secure, separate room from Jane Doe 
at least one hour before the 9:30 a.m. start of the settlement conference and that he be 
ordered not to leave that room until 30 minutes after Jane Doe has left the building at the 
conclusion of the conference.  
CONCLUSION 
The Court should order Epstein to be in a secure, separate room during the settlement 
conference one hour before the start of the conference and 30 minutes after Jane Doe leaves 
at the conclusion of the conference.  
DATED: June 30, 2010 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, 
FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice  
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 187    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010   Page 5 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 6

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on June 30, 2010 I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the manner 
specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in 
some other authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to receive 
electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Jgoldberger@agwpa.com 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcritton@bclclaw.com 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Michael James Pike 
MPike@bclclaw.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 187    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010   Page 6 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 6


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-05.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-06.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016-06.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 193    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 1 of 2
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-6   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 2
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
------------------' 
ORDER ON PLAINTIFF'S MOTION FOR MODIFICATION OF MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
PALERMO'S ORDER SCHEDULING SETTLEMENT CONFERENCE 
THIS MATTER is before the Court upon Plaintiff Jane Doe's Motion For Modification 
of Magistrate Judge Palermo's Order Scheduling Settlement Conference to Ensure That 
Jane Doe is Not Forced to Come Into Contact With Convicted Sex Offender Epstein in 
Violation of No Contact Orders [DE# 187] (the "Motion"). Defendants filed a Response 
[DE# 191] to the Motion on July 1, 2010. 
A settlement conference in this matter has been scheduled for July 6, 2010. In the 
Motion, Plaintiff asks the Court to instruct Defendant to arrive one (1) hour prior to the start 
of the conference and to depart thirty (30) minutes after the conference so as to minimize 
the possibility of contact between the parties. The Court, having reviewed the Motion, the 
Response and being otherwise advised in the premises, hereby ORDERS and 
ADJUDGES that: 
1. 
The undersigned is aware of the no contact orders between the parties [See 
DE# 238, Case Number 08-80119-CIV-MARRA]. That order is in full effect and it shall 
apply to the July 6, 2010 settlement conference. 
2. 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein is instructed to arrive for the July 6, 201 O 
conference at 8:30 AM. 

Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 193    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 2 of 2
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-6   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 2
3. 
Plaintiff's counsel shall call Chambers at (305) 523-5760 immediately upon 
arrival at the courthouse complex. 
4. 
Following the conclusion of the settlement conference, the Court will dismiss 
the parties separately at different times. 
5. 
The parties are instructed not to communicate, speak or harass one another 
in any way. Any violation of this Order will not be tolerated. The parties are instructed to 
GOVERN THEMSELVES ACCORDINGLY. 
DONE and ORDERED in chambers at Miami, Florida this 1st day of July, 2010. 
PETER R. PALERMO 
SR. UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
Copies furnished to: 
United States District Judge Kenneth A. Marra 
United States Magistrate Judge Linnea Johnson 
Counsel of record 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-06.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-07.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016-07.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 18
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
UNITED ST ATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
______________ 
./ 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
______________ / 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE'S EMERGENCY MOTION FOR A HEARING, FINDING THAT 
EPSTEIN 15 IN CIVIL CONTEMPT OF THE COURT'S TWO ORDERS FORBIDDING 
HARASSMENT AND INDIRECT CONTACT, FOR APPROPRIATE SANCTIONS AND 
ADDITIONAL REMEDIES INCLUDING REFERRAL FOR CRIMINAL CONTEMPT 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe, through undersigned counsel, hereby files this emergency 
motion for a hearing and for an immediate finding that Epstein stands in civil contempt 
of Judge Marra's order forbidding indirect contact with Jane Doe and Judge Palermo's 
order forbidding harassment of Jane Doe. Jane Doe asks for this Court for remedies 
and sanctions to provide for her safety and to insure that Epstein follows this Court's 
orders (and an order of the state court), including a referral to the U.S. Attorney's Office 
for prosecution of criminal contempt. 
To put the matter bluntly, defendant Epstein is intimidating Jane Doe in violation 
of three judicial no-contact orders. Last evening, he had a "private investigator'' tail 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Jane Doe - following her every move, stopping when she stopped, driving when she 
drove, refusing to pass when she pulled over. When Jane Doe ultimately drove to her 
home, the "private investigator" then parked in his car approximately 25 feet from Jane 
Doe's house and flashed his high beam lights intermittently into the home. 
Even more 
threateningly, at about 10:30 p.m., when Jane Doe fled her home in the company of 
retired police officer employed by Jane Doe's counsel, the "private investigator" 
attempted to follow Jane Doe despite a request not to do so. The retired officer was 
successfully able to take evasive action and has placed Jane Doe in a secure, 
undisclosed location last night. 
Other harassing actions against Jane Doe also 
occurred yesterday. 
Given the circumstances of this case, it is obvious that intimidation from the 
"private investigator'' was instigated by billionaire Epstein. Epstein thus stands in clear 
violation of two, separate orders from this Court, one long-standing and one entered 
yesterday. First, a year ago, this Court stated that it ''finds it necessary to state clearly 
that Defendant is under this court's order not to have direct or indirect contact with any 
plaintiffs .... " Order, Case no. 9:08-cv-80119, doc. #238 at 4-5 (emphasis added). 
Second, on top of this order, yesterday this Court entered another order directing Jane 
Doe and Epstein "not to communicate, speak or harass one another in any way." 
Order, Case no. 9:08-cv-80893, doc. #193 at 2 (emphasis added). 
Epstein's intimidation-by-surrogate also violates a no-contact order entered 
during the course of his guilty pleas on June 30, 2008, before Palm Beach Circuit Court 
Judge Deborah Dale Pucillo, who ordered Epstein "not to have any contact, direct or 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
indirect" with any victims. She also expressly stated that her no-contact order applied to 
"all of the victims." 
To protect her safety and to insure respect for court orders, Jane's Doe's counsel 
accordingly request, on an emergency basis: 
First, the Court should schedule an emergency hearing today, either in court or 
via telephone, to consider whether Epstein stands in civil contempt of the Court's 
orders; 
Second, the Court should find that Epstein stands in civil contempt of two 
separate orders of this Court; 
Third, the Court should then hear from Jane Doe directly and impose such civil 
contempt sanctions as it finds will enable Jane Doe to return safely to her home or other 
place of safety without facing the threat of any further harassment or intimidation. 
Fourth, as part of the sanction for Epstein's civil contempt, the Court should 
expand its current protective order to forbid Epstein or his agents from having any 
contact whatsoever, direct or indirect, with Jane Doe, but also with any of her family 
members or friends, as well as with any persons who have been identified by Jane Doe 
as possible witnesses in her case, without first seeking specific approval of the Court. 
Fifth, the Court should direct Epstein's legal counsel to file with the Court in 
advance of the mediation on Tuesday morning a certification that they have explained to 
him the consequences of any additional violations of the courts orders. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Sixth, Epstein should be directed not to have any agents attempt to follow or 
surveil Jane Doe as she leaves the courthouse after the settlement conference on 
Tuesday or after any other court hearing; 
Seventh, this Court should initiate criminal contempt sanctions against Epstein 
for the violations of its two orders under Fed. R. Crim. P. 42(a), by referring a criminal 
contempt action to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida; 
Eighth, the Court should also refer this matter to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
Southern District of Florida for investigation of possible criminal offenses, including 
witness tampering in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1512(b} as well as its position on violations 
of the conditions of Epstein's non-prosecution agreement; and 
Ninth, the Court should refer this matter to Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge 
Deborah Dale Pucillo's criminal division presiding over Epstein's probation for 
consideration by her of whether Epstein has violated her order as well. 
Tenth, the Court should refer this matter to Epstein's probation officer for 
determination of any violations of his probation. 
Eleventh, the Court should request that Epstein pay a fine to Jane Doe's counsel 
in the amount of $18,000 to cover any and all costs associated with relocating Jane Doe 
and keeping her safe through her trial date. 
Because Epstein's blatant defiance of this Court no-harassment order appears to 
be designed by him to intimidate not only Jane Doe but also other witnesses in the case 
(i.e., other young girls that he sexually abused), Jane Doe is filing this Emergency 
Motion Under Seal. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
BACKGROUND 
Counsel for Jane Doe proffer the following facts as officers of the Court. They 
proffer that they could prove these facts at any evidentiary hearing which the Court 
might decide to hold. Counsel for Jane Doe further represent to this Court that they 
have a genuine concern about the physical safety of their client. 
Facts Leading Up to the Entry of Three Protective Orders 
The Court is familiar with the general circumstances of this case, which involves 
Jane Doe's lawsuit seeking significant compensatory and punitive damages from 
billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. The Court is also aware that Epstein has pied guilty to state 
sex charges on June 30, 2008. 
When he pied guilty before Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge Deborah Dale 
Pucillo, she ordered Epstein "not to have any contact, direct or indirect" with any victims. 
She also expressly stated that her no-contact order applied to "all of the victims." The 
relevant transcripts have been filed with this Court. (See case no. 9:08-cv-80119-KAM, 
doc. #113 at 3 and exhibits thereto.) 
To avoid any uncertainty about the scope of this state court order, several of the 
plaintiff/victims with suits pending against Epstein before this Court filed a motion for an 
order prohibiting defendant or his agents from communicating with them directly or 
indirectly. (Case No. 9:08-cv-80119, doc. #113.) Epstein opposed these requests as 
"needless, unwarranted and excessive." 
Doc. #127 at 5. This Court, however, firmly 
overruled Epstein's objections. On July 31, 2009, this Court entered its own no-contact 
order (in addition to the state court order), ruling: 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
In light of Defendant's response to Plaintiff's motion for no contact order, 
suggesting that the state court's order only applies to some victims and 
that parties are always allowed to contact each other directly, the Court 
finds it necessary to state clearly that Defendant is under this court's order 
not to have direct or indirect contact with any plaintiffs, regardless of the 
intended scope of the state court court's order. 
Order, Doc. #238, at 4-5 (emphasis added). 
Recently, with the case nearing trial, the Court ordered Jane Doe to attend a 
settlement conference on July 6, 2010. Jane Doe had concerns that the upcoming 
settlement conference, demanded by Epstein, was going to be used to harass and 
intimidate her. See Plaintiff Jane Doe's Motion for Modification of Magistrate Judge 
Palermo's Order Schedule settlement Conference, doc. #187. After a response from 
Epstein (doc. #191 ), the Court modified its order regarding the settlement conference to 
avoid harassment of Jane Doe. Significantly, in the final paragraph, the Court (Palermo, 
J.). starkly commanded: 
The parties are instructed not to communicate, speak or harass one 
another in any way. Any violation of this Order will not be tolerated. The 
parties are instructed to GOVERN THEMSELVES ACCORDINGLY. 
Case no. 9:08-cv-80893, Doc. #193 at 2 (italic added, capitalization in original). This 
Order was entered at 3:29 p.m., EDT, according to the PACER message sent to 
counsel in the case. 
Intimidating Activities on the Evening of July 1, 2010 
In spite of three court orders forbidding contact and harassment of Jane Doe, 
Epstein has (once again 1) shown his unwillingness to follow the rules. On the evening 
For two other examples of Epstein's unwillingness to follow the same rules that apply to other 
litigants, see Plaintiff's Motion in Limine to Prevent Improper Use of the 5th Amendment, doc. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
of July 1, 2010, sometime after the issuance of this Court's most recent order, Jane Doe 
left her house to go to the store and noticed a car (lnfiniti SUV, license tag T-KNOLZ) 
following her everywhere she went. Feeling frightened, she pulled into a driveway in a 
nearby neighborhood at one point to allow the car to proceed past her, but the car 
pulled into the neighborhood and stopped nearby. It was clear the person in the car 
was following her and was intentionally making his presence known. Jane Doe pulled 
out of the driveway and headed home, with this other car tailing close behind. Once 
Jane Doe arrived to her house, she went inside and the person following in the lnfiniti 
parked across the street outside her home. Jane Doe called her attorney expressing 
her fear and asking what could be done to protect her. She observed that the car kept 
creeping closer to her home every once in awhile. 
This intimidation of Jane Doe was so serious that, alerted by Jane Doe's counsel, 
a retired police officer called the police. The police responded to Jane Doe's home and 
confronted the man in the car. 
The man told the police that he was "private 
investigator." However he would not tell the police who had hired him, only that he was 
hired to "watch" Jane Doe. The name of the investigator appears to be Thaddeus 
Knowles. The police reported these facts to Jane Doe, but advised her that they did not 
have a legal basis to order him to leave the public street. (The police are also preparing 
a report on the incident.) 
Counsel for Jane Doe then arranged for the retired police officer to go to Jane 
Doe's home. This retired officer arrived at Jane Doe's home at approximately 10 p.m. 
#178 (recounting Epstein's misuse of the Fifth Amendment during his deposition); doc. #190 
(recounting Epstein's willful violations of discovery orders). 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
He immediately saw a car parked 25 feet from Jane Doe's home, facing her home. He 
also observed the purported "private investigator" in the car intermittently flashing his 
high beam lights into Jane Doe's home. 
The investigator was also intermittently 
attempting to videotape anyone inside the home. 
The retired police officer took 
videotapes of the investigator lighting up the interior of the home with his high beam 
lights, and also took photographs of this harassing action as well. 
The videotape and 
photographs could be provided quickly to the Court upon request. 
After consulting with Jane Doe, the retired police officer determined that Jane 
Doe felt like a prisoner in her own home and that she believed her physical safety and 
that of her family was threatened if she remained there. She further believed that this 
intimidation was being orchestrated by defendant Epstein. Jane Doe is not involved in 
other litigation and is not aware of any other person who would want to do something 
like this to her. Also, in the last 48 hours, Jane Doe has received telephone calls from 
two ex-boyfriends that investigators were at their homes, knocking on their doors and 
trying to talk to them about Jane Doe - apparently because of this case. 
And, of 
course, Jane Doe's settlement conference is just four days away and her trial is two-
and-half-weeks away. 
In light of Jane Doe's concerns, the retired police officer believed that it was best 
to take Jane Doe from her home. He advised Jane Doe to pack a suitcase and leave 
the home with him. 
At approximately 10:30 p.m., the retired police officer then took Jane Doe in his 
car and pulled up next to the "private investigator." The retired police officer advised the 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
investigator that Jane Doe was leaving the home to go to another location and that he 
should not attempt to follow them. Nonetheless, the investigator attempted to follow the 
retired police officer as they drove away from Jane Doe's home. The retired police 
officer then took evasive action and was able to elude his pursuer. 
As a result of these activities, Jane Doe feels very threatened. She knows that 
she was followed for much of the day. She also know that this was not surreptitious 
surveillance by someone who was trying to discovery something about her, but rather 
quite visible surveillance by someone whose manifest intent was to make she that Jane 
Doe knew she was being followed. Thus, when she pulled over, he pulled over; when 
she parked, he parked visibly close by. The only reason for such activities could be to 
intimidate her on the eve of the court-ordered mediation. It may also be worth noting 
that Jane Doe is a petite young woman, physically smaller and younger than the male 
private investigator who has been following her. 
Past Intimidation of Witnesses By Epstein 
The Court should be aware that this is not the first time Epstein has used scare 
tactics to intimidate witnesses. Indeed, as the Court is aware, despite numerous civil 
suits being filed against Epstein for sexual abuse, none of the victims in those cases 
have felt able to proceed to trial. Counsel for Jane Doe have been advised that many of 
these victims were afraid to take their cases all the way to trial. Jane Doe remains one 
of only three victims who has had the temerity not to settle her case against Epstein but 
stand on her right to a jury trial. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
In determining who is responsible for the intimidation that took place last night, 
this Court can consider all of the circumstances, including other documented examples 
of harassment by Epstein:2 
Previous use of ''investigators" to scare witnesses: The use of "investigators" to 
aggressively harass his victims is not new to Epstein, as investigators have in the past 
aggressively followed key witnesses to intimidate and scare them. See Palm Beach 
Police Department Incident Report at p. 86 (Attached as Exhibit A). 
Victim-to-victim communication: 
One of Epstein's sexual abuse victims was 
relayed a message from another victim speaking on Epstein's behalf regarding the 
criminal investigation of Epstein in 2006: "Those who help will be compensated and 
those who hurt will be dealt with." See Palm Beach Police Department Incident Report, 
Id. at page 83. 
Witness tampering during the federal investigation: During the FBI investigation 
of his sexual abuse of young girls, Epstein intimidated and harassed other possible 
witnesses against him -- namely Sarah Kellen, and Nadia Marcinkova. 
Indeed, this 
intimidation was so serious that federal prosecutors prepared draft federal charges 
against him for witness tampering charges. 
(Attached as Composite Exhibit B) 
Ultimately, for reasons that are unclear, these charges were not filed. 
Threats Against Jane Doe 102: 
Epstein has even tracked down adverse 
witnesses as far away as Australia in the past to send the message not to testify against 
The Federal Rules of Evidence do not apply to this motion and, in any event, the federal rules 
authorize the Court to consider other bad acts in reaching a conclusion about disputed events. 
See Fed. R. Evid. 404(b). 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
him regarding his illegal sexual exploits. See Complaint of Jane Doe 102 v. Epstein 
(attached as Exhibit C) 
Threats Against Alfredo Rodriguez: Jane Doe is not the only person to have 
received this impression that she is at risk if she does not accede to Epstein's demands. 
The Court is familiar with Alfredo Rodriguez, an employee of Epstein who kept a "black 
book" of the names of minor girls Epstein' was sexually abusing. 
See Criminal 
Complaint, U.S. v. Rodriguez, No. 9:10-CR-80015-KAM (doc. #3). Rodriguez stated 
that he was afraid that Jeffrey Epstein would make him "disappear" unless he had an 
"insurance policy" (i.e., the black book). Id. at 3. 
Please find, for the Court's consideration as well Exhibit D, the affidavit of the 
retired officer that assisted in protecting Jane Doe. 
The Court can consider all of this information as circumstantial evidence pointing 
to only one conclusion: that defendant Epstein is trying to intimidate Jane Doe before 
her upcoming settlement conference and trial. This is clear violation of the three court 
orders outlined above. 
THE COURT SHOULD TAKE APPROPRIATE STEPS TO RESPOND TO THE 
VIOLATION OF ITS ORDERS AND TO ALER THE STATE COURT TO A POSSIBLE 
VIOLATION OF ITS ORDER 
Defendant Epstein is thumbing his nose at three separate court orders, two from 
this Court and one from the state court. The threatening message billionaire Epstein is 
trying to send to Jane Doe is obvious: settle this case next week or you are in danger. 
This is not the way in which a civil case should be litigated. The Court should not allow 
defendant Epstein's wealth to be deployed to pervert the course of justice. 
In entering 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
its most recent no harassment order, Judge Palermo indicated that "[a]ny violation of 
this Order will not be tolerated." 
Jane Doe respectfully requests that the Court carry 
through on this promise and make it possible for her to return safely to her home. 
Jane Doe accordingly requests the following actions on an emergency basis: 
First, the Court should schedule an emergency hearing today, July 2, 2010, 
either in court or via telephone with counsel for Jane Doe and Epstein to learn whether 
Epstein will challenge any of the foregoing facts and the conclusion that he stands in 
civil contempt of this Court's orders and, if so, how to resolve those factual questions 
rapidly. As part of that hearing, counsel for Epstein should proffer whether Epstein will 
deny that he instigated the harassment that took place last night and answer questions 
about his involvement or whether instead he will refuse to answer such questions on 
grounds that they might incriminate him.3 The Court should thereafter conduct such 
further fact-finding as it deems necessary to reach a conclusion about whether Epstein 
has violated the Court's orders, giving both Jane Doe and Epstein an opportunity to be 
heard. 
Second, the Court should find that Epstein stands in civil contempt of two 
separate orders of this Court: (1) Judge Marra's long-standing direction "that Defendant 
is under this court's order not to have direct or indirect contact with any plaintiffs," Order, 
case no. 9:08-cv-808119, doc. #238, at 4-5 (emphasis added), and (2) Judge Palermo's 
If, as Jane Doe suggests, the Court ultimately proceeds first by way of civil and then only later 
by way of criminal contempt, Epstein would be entitled to invoke the Fifth Amendment only in 
the later criminal contempt proceedings. See Romero v. Drummond Co., Inc., 480 F.3d 1234, 
1243 (11 th Cir. 2007) (noting that the right to remain silent attaches to criminal contempt 
proceedings). 
Of course, in any civil proceeding, the finder of fact can draw an adverse 
inference from an invocation of the Fifth Amendment. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
order yesterday that Jane Doe and Epstein "are instructed not to communicate, speak 
or harass one another in any way, Order, case no. 9:08-cv-80893, doc. #193, at 2 
Third, the Court should then impose such civil contempt sanctions as it finds, 
after the hearing, will enable Jane Doe to return safely to her home (or, if necessary, 
other place of safety) without facing the threat of any further harassment or intimidation. 
See Serra Chevrolet, Inc. v. General Motors Corp., 446 F.3d 1137, 1147 (11 th Cir. 2006) 
("Civil contempt may be imposed in an ordinary civil proceeding upon notice and an 
opportunity to be heard."). As part of that determination, plaintiff Jane Doe respectfully 
requests an opportunity to be heard directly by the Court (either in person or via 
telephone) so that the Court will have the benefit of her specific concerns in crafting 
appropriate sanctions and remedies to make her feel safe to return to her home and to 
prevent further intimidation at the hands of Epstein. 
Fourth, as part of the sanction for Epstein's civil contempt, the Court should 
expand its current protective order so that forbids Epstein or his agents from not only 
having any contact whatsoever, direct or indirect, with Jane Doe, but also with any of 
her family members or friends, as well as with any persons who have been identified by 
Jane Doe as possible witnesses in her case, without first seeking specific approval of 
the Court. 
Fifth, the Court should direct Epstein's legal counsel to file with the Court in 
advance of the mediation on Tuesday morning a certification that they have explained 
the requirements of all of these orders with him and have explained to him the serious 
consequences that could follow from of any additional violations of these orders. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Sixth, Epstein should be directed not to have any agents attempt to follow or 
surveil Jane Doe as she leaves the courthouse after the settlement conference on 
Tuesday or after any other court hearings or trial proceedings. 
Seventh, this Court should initiate criminal contempt sanctions against Epstein 
for the violations of its two orders - and provide notice to Epstein that the criminal 
sanctions could include a possible term of imprisonment. Criminal contempt sanctions 
are appropriate here because "the criminal contemnor has done that which he has been 
commanded not to do. The criminal contemnor's disobedience is past, a completed act, 
a deed no sanction can undo. Accordingly, the criminal sanction operates not to coerce 
a future act from the defendant for the benefit of the complainant, but to uphold the 
dignity of the law, by punishing the contemnor's disobedience." United Minor Workers 
of America v. Bagwell, 512 U.S. 821,845 (1994) (internal citations omitted). The dignity 
of the law needs to be upheld; this Court need to act to insure Epstein understands that, 
despite his vast wealth, he remains equal to everyone else in the eyes of the law. In 
short, this Court needs to stop Epstein from flouting its orders and intimidating Jane 
Doe; 
Because the contempt took place outside the presence of the Court, the Court 
should proceed in nonsummary fashion. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 42(a); United States v. 
Baldwin, 770 F.2d 1550, 1553 (11 th Cir. 1985). The procedures for such nonsummary 
criminal contempt are well settled. As the Eleventh Circuit has explained, "A federal 
court may punish contemptuous conduct that occurs outside its presence only after 
giving notice of the essential facts constituting the charged criminal contempt, 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 15 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
requesting that the contempt be prosecuted by an attorney for the government, and 
affording other procedural protections." Romero v. Drummond Co., Inc., 480 F.3d 1234, 
1242-43 (11 th Cir. 2007). The Court should therefore begin the process by referring this 
matter to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida or, if that office 
declines to pursue the matter, such other attorney as may be appropriate. See Fed. R. 
Crim. P. 42(a)(2). 
Eighth, because Epstein's actions appear to implicate possible witness 
tampering, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1512(b), and possibly other federal offenses, the 
Court should additionally refer this matter to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern 
District of Florida for a criminal investigation. 
Ninth, the Court should refer this matter to Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge 
Deborah Dale Pucillo's criminal division presiding over Epstein's criminal probation for 
consideration by her of whether Epstein has violated her order as well. 
Tenth, the Court should refer this matter to Epstein's probation officer for 
determination of any violations of his probation. 
Eleventh, the Court should request that Epstein pay a fine to Jane Doe's counsel 
in the amount of $18,000 to cover any and all costs associated with relocating Jane Doe 
and keeping her safe through her trial date. 
CONCLUSION 
The Court should hold a hearing on an emergency basis, find Epstein to be in 
contempt of the Court's orders, and impose sanctions and take other steps as outlined 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 16 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
by Jane Doe to secure her safety and to permit her to return to her home without 
harassment by Epstein. 
We respectfully request this Court to seal this Motion and all responses be 
SEALED. 
DATED: July 2, 2010 
~ 
Bradk,yildwBrds 
~~-
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hae Vice 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 
801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on July 2, 2010 I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the 
manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who arEtnot~uthorized to 
receive electronically filed Notices of Electro:_~;,~-;c~c;e:;,:2 
Bradley J. Edwards 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 17 of 18
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Jgold berger@agwpa.com 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcritton@bclclaw.com 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Michael James Pike 
MPike@bclclaw.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 18 of 18
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
Southern District of Florida 
Case Number: 08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRNJOHNSON 
JANE DOE 
Plaintiff 
V. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Defendant 
CERTIFICATION OF EMERGENCY 
I hereby certify that, as a member of the Bar of this Court, I have carefully examined this matter and it is 
a true emergency. 
I further certify that the necessity for this emergency hearing has not been caused by a lack of due 
diligence on my part, but has been brought about only by the circumstances of this case. The issues presented 
by this matter have not been submitted to the Judge assigned to this case or any other Judge or Magistrate Judge 
of the Southern District of Florida prior hereto. 
I further certify that I have made a bona fide effort to resolve this matter without the necessity of emergency 
action. 
Dated this __ 
__ day of --=-:-_-:-_::__jU_L_Y _____ , 20 __ 1-=-0 __ 
Signature: --~--"~ :;2 
Printed Name: BRADLEY J. EDWARDS, ESQ 
Florida Bar Number: 542075 
Telephone Number: 954-524-2820 
FOR CLERK'S OFFICE USE ONLY 
I hereby certify that the Judge assigned to this case is unavailable for this emergency (a copy of notification to the Clerk 
is on file). In accordance with Local Rule 3.7, the Honorable _______________ as randomly drawn 
from the Emergency Wheel. 
I hereby certify that the Judge randomly assigned to this emergency is unavailable due to ________ 
_ 
(A copy of notification to the Clerk is on file). In accordance with Local Rule 3.7, the Honorable ________ 
_ 
______ was randomly drawn from the Emergency Wheel. 
Dated this ____ day of ___________ , 20 __ 
_ 
STEVEN M. LARIMORE 
Court Administrator • Clerk of Court 
By: _______________ , Deputy Clerk 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-07.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-08.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016-08.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-8   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 8
' 
---------~- .-----------------------------------------------------------------~ 
ate: 
7/19/06 
ime: 15:01:37 
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
Incident Report 
Page: 
l 
Program: CMS301L 
~--------------------------------------·-------------------------------------
.. eie No. . . . 
PECIAL NOTES 
::,cur To Date 
: 
;,.y Of Week 
. : 
::immon/Location: 
ity . . . . . ' 
:,cation Type 
~at Assignment, 
=Pt Class . . , 
ise Status 
1pervisory Dt.: 
1try Date 
1mes? , . 
ihicles? 
,rrative? 
1-05-000368 
1/27/05 0000 
Thursday 
occur From Date, 1/27/05 0000 
Report Date 
3/14/05 1600 
FAMILY 
Map Reference 
Report Officer 
Case Status Dt 
3/14/05 
PAGAN, MICHELE 
3/14/05 
358 EL BRILLO WY 
PALM BEACH, FL 
RESIDENCE-SINGLE 
DETECTIVE BUREAU 
SEXUAL BATTERY 
OPEN / ACTIVE 
TRYLCH, JEFFREY 
OREGERO, LAURA 
4/06/05 
Property? 
Offenses? 
Related Cases? 
*******VEHICLE 
INFORM A T I O N 
# 
Category. 
Year . 
********************* 
,se number 
l-05-000368 
ate Veh Type 
,ke . , . 
,del Name . , 
yle .... 
•lor - Bottom 
. . . . 
. 
sposition 
-ured by .. 
• cle locked 
~e recovered 
0/00/00 
reet number 
ty . . . . . 
covery code 
on Look Out?: 
*******PERSON 
REPORT 
se Number 
: 1-05-000368 
~;e~ ~u~~r. 
.,: ---?l j; 
r:th Date/Age ---
:,upation 
ne Phone No. 
,c 
ight .. 
I:*********** 
,e Number 
:eet Number 
:y . . . . 
:th Date . 
)loyer? 
ir Lie No. 
Female 
S U S P E C T / A R R 
l-05-000368 
12247 72ND CT NORTH 
ROYAL PALM BEACH, FL 
4/09/1986 18 
Rl25320866290 
FL 
ter Phone Nbr: 
. . . . . 
Female 
''TlUm Weight : 0 
E 
Model 
Permit Number 
color - Top 
License# 
Stolen value 
Insured 
Keys in car 
Lein holder 
Recovery value 
NCIC number 
I NG 
I N F 0 
Last Name 
Employer? 
Oper Lie No. 
Race . . .. 
Height ... 
Other Phone Nbr, 
S TEE 
I N F 0 
Prompt valid in: 
334121460 
Maximum Age 
Occupation . 
Home Phone No. 
Race . 
. 
Minimum Height 
Maximum Height 
a 
- # 1 ********* 
White 
RM AT 
ROBSON, 
White 
I O N -
HALEY 
~ s 
e j 
# 1 ** 
EXHIBIT 
A 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-8   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 8
-----------------------~------------------------------------------------------
;ite: 
7/19/06 
ime: 15: 01: 3.7 
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
Incident Report 
Page: 
Program: CMS301L 
--------------------------------------------------·----------~--------------
ise No. . . . : l-05-000368 
on my voice mail. 
Ms 
call 561-662-3098. 
I left 
Investigation Continues .. 
(Continued) 
left her telephone number for a return 
her a message to return call. 
**************************NARRATIVE 
# 40 *******•****************** 
Reported By: RECAREY, JOSEPH 
2/21/06 
Entered By.: ALTOMA.RO, NICKIE A. 
2/22/06 
on February 15, 2006, I made telephone contact with 
who 
provided directions to where I could locate her. 
Det Caristo· and I 
responded to 806 Old Dixie Hwy in Lake Park to meet with 
• 
Upon my arrival, I met with-•IIJin the parking lot directly 
behind MAACO Auto Painting. 
She was advised I was there to speak with 
her.about an ongoing investigation that concerned Jeffrey Epstein in 
Palm Beach. 4illtstated she knows Epstein very well and did not want 
to speak with me about Mr, Epstein. 
She was very fond of Epstein and 
did not want to speak with me about anything concerning Jeffrey 
Epstein. 
I ·explained to her that she was seen at the house and r 
would like to speak with her, 
She stat~d she knew there was an 
investigation and that r had spoken with other people and therefore I 
should know what happened at Epstein's house ..... ended the 
conversation and walked back into her boyfriends business, Blanton 
Automotive. 
Det Caristo and I left the area and returned to the 
police station, 
Investigation continues. 
*************************NARRATIVE 
ff 41 ************************** 
Reported By: RECAREY, JOSEPH 
4/10/06 
Entered By.: ALTOMARO, NICKIE A. 
4/10/06 
A Grand Jury Session was requested during the month of February 2006, 
in which all the girls that had been interviewed would have been 
called to testify before the Grand Jury to seek an indictment against 
Jeffrey Epstein, 
Due to subsequent meetings with the state Attorney's 
Office and Defense Attorney Alan Dershowitz the Grand Jury was 
postponed until a later time. 
Dershowitz had provided a package of 
material on the main victims in this case in which they appear on 
myspace.com and speak about alcohol use and some marijuana use. 
The 
State Attorney's Office wanted time to review the material. 
I requested additional subpoenas from the Sta~e Attorney's Office in 
which I requested information from Dollar Rent a Car and Jet Aviation. 
The information requested from Dollar Rent a Car was for the rented 
vehicle by Alfredo Rodriguez while under the employ of Epstein for one 
of the victims. 
The other subpoena requested was for Jet Aviation for 
dates and times when Epstein's planes were in Palm Beach County. 
I continued to research other names that were acquired either from 
·.nterviews or intelligence gathered during the investigation. 
I 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-8   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 8
------------------------------------------------------------------------~-----
:te, 
/19/06 
ime: 15:01:37 
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
Incident Report 
Page: 
Program: CMS301L 
-------------------------------------------------------------------~-------
ase No. . . 
, l-05-000368 
(Continued) 
located 
. 41111111111!!!!!11t in 
••••••411111■~ I responded to -
in 
~-
During the interview, 
stated she knew I would be speaking with her. 
stated she 
was first introduced to Epstein when she turned eighteen years old. 
stated she was sure of her age as it was her senior year in 
She advised she was brought there to 
make money and was told she would have to provide a massage to this 
Palm Beach guy. 
She remembered she met Epstein and his assistant 
Sarah in the kitchen area. 
She stated she was taken by one of her 
friends, J 8 
She stated she went upstairs with Sarah while Epstein 
got ready for the massage. 
He exited his bathroom naked and· 
turned around. 
Epstein asked her if being naked offended her. 
,_..stated it made her uncomfortable. 
Epstein then put on a 
towel and lay on the table. •llilllllllla stated she rubbed his back and 
feet. 
She stated she had no massage training or experience. 
stated during the massage, Epstein attempted to touch her 
buttocks. 
1111 
F"lled away as he touched her buttocks. 
she told 
him again she was uncomfortable with him touching her. 
Epstein then 
cut the massage short and became upset with her. 
Epstein paid her 
$200.00 for the massage and told her to leave the house. 
never returned to the house. 
She did advise of one time she went with 
however she waited in the car for 
s she did not 
want to go into the house. 
At the conclusion of 
visit with 
Epst~in they left the area. . 
stated she had heard from other 
girls that have gone to the house that Epstein now required them to do 
the massage naked and allow him to touch them in their private areas 
for monies-
The interview was concluded as 
did not have any 
other information to provide. 
I then learned from the original victim,_. the defense attorney had 
learned of her identity. 
I spoke with the father of the victim, who 
stated there has been a private investigator on his house 
photographing his family and chasing visitors who come to the house. 
He provided a Florida License of E79-4EH. 
This vehicle is registered 
to Ivan Robles of West Palm Beach. 
Robles is a private investigator 
intern who is licensed by the state. 
I informed the State Attorney's 
Office of the above information-
! received the Grand Jury subpoenas to be delivered to three victims 
for a Grand Jury session to be held on April 18, through April 20, 
2006. 
Investigation continues. 
~******************~*****NARRATIVE 
# 42 ************************** 
Reported By: RECAREY, JOSEPH 
4/14/06 
Entered By.: ALTOMARO, NICKIE A. 
4/18/06 
The Grand Jury Subpoenas were personally served to the individuals 
they were issued to. 
On April 5, 2006, at approximately 7:30 p.m., I 
oersonally served the parents of .. 
who had informed me that the 
~rivate investigators were still photographing the family. 
On April 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-8   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 8
~---------------------------------------------------~-------------------------
ite: 
/19/06 
lme: 15:01:37 
,se No. 
10, 
I 
2006, 
J 
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
Incident Report 
Page: 
Program: CMS301L 
: 1-05-000368 
(Continued) 
at arproximately 2:30 p.m., l served .. 
at her residence in 
The subpoena was given to her mother,-. 
I learned through one of the victims -
that she was personally 
contacted through a source that has maintained contact with Epstein. 
The source assured .. 
she would receive monetary compensation for her 
assistance1din noht coopehrahtin1g hw~th ~a1w1 benforcement. d Q dJ soh stated 
she was to 
, "T ose w o 
e p 
im wi 
e compensate an 
t ose who 
hurt him will be dealt with." I 
told ■•athat tampering with a 
witness/victim is an arrestable offense and very serious. 
I asked her 
who approached her during this encounter. -originally was reluctant 
to provide the name of the person who approached her to offer her not 
to testify because she felt they were still friends. 
on April 11, 2006, Det Dawson and I traveled to Tallahassee, Florida 
and met with the victim, I ... identified iiliiiii~iiii W/F, 
411 
, as the person who approached her in Royal Palm Beach while 
slie was home during Spring Break in March 2006. 
also stated she 
did not want to pursue the intimidation charges on 
... was 
concerned that the defense attorney was given a copy of the report as 
certain things she had told me in confidence were repeated to her by 
Beal. 
Prior to our departure, the victim was given a copy of her 
subpoena for the Grand Jury which was scheduled to commence April 18, 
2006. 
Upon our return from Tallahassee, I notified the State Attorney's 
Office of what was told to me, 
I also notified them that the 
subpoenas were delivered to the witnesses and they would be calling 
for arrangements for the date and time needed for the Grand Jury. 
I 
spoke with ASA Weiss and informed her of the possible intimidation by 
the defense. 
On April 13, and April 14, 2006 I attempted contact on several 
occasions with ASA Weiss and ASA Belohlavic to ascertain when the 
victims needed to report for Grand Jury testimony. Messages were left 
on their voicemail. 
On April 17, 2005, during the hours of 9:00 am 
and 11:30 am, I again left messages for ASA Weiss and ASA Belohlavic 
for either of them to return my call as I had not heard from the State 
Attorney's Office as to the time and date of the Grand Jury. 
At approximately 12:30 pm, I went to the State Attorney's Office and 
located ASA Weiss and ASA Belohlavic in their offices. 
I entered ASA 
Belohlavic's office who informed me that she was going to return my 
call. 
She explained that an offer was made to the defense, Atty Guy 
Fronstin and Atty Alan Dershowitz. 
The offer isl count of Agg 
Assault with intent to commit a felony, five years probation, with 
adjudication withheld. 
Epstein would have to submit to 
psychiatric/sexual evaluation and no unsupervised visits with minors. 
When asked about the all the other victims, ASA Belohlavic stated 
that was the only offer made as to one victim, 
ASA Belohlavic 
cell phone rang and went to voice mail. 
She checked her voice mail 
;nd played the message on speaker. 
The caller identified himself as 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-8   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 8
----------------------------~~------------.------------------------------------
)ate: 
7/19/06 
rime: 15:01:37 
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
Incident Report 
l?age: 
Program: CMS301L 
--------------~---~------~-----------------------------~--~------------------
,ase No .. • .. : 1-05-000368 
(Continued) 
Atty Guy Fronstin and acknowledged the deal made between them. 
-·Frons~in stated in the message, he spoke with his client, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and agreed to the deal. 
Fronstin asked to call off the grand 
jury as they would accept this deal. 
Belohlavic stated a probable 
cause would be needed to book Epstein in the·county jail and would let 
me know as to when it would be needed. 
I explained my disapproval of 
the deal and not being consulted prior to the deal being offered. 
However I expressed that was only my opinion and the final approval 
would come from the Chief of Police. 
She explained to have Chief 
Reiter call Barry Krisher about the deal. 
I left the area and 
returned to the police station where I briefed the Chief about the 
deal offered. 
I checked my voice mail messages and discovered a message from 
stepmother for the victima.i She was calling because the State 
Attorney's Office still had not returned any of her calls as to when 
they are needed for this case. 
I then called ASA Belohlavic•s office 
and left messages for her to call the victims on this case and 
explained to them what the State Attorney's Office had done. 
on April 17, 2006, at approximately 4:30 pm, State Attorney 
Investigator Tim Valentine called to officially notify me of the 
cancellation of the Grand Jury. 
He requested I contact the victims 
that had been served to appear, to notify them of the cancellation. 
I 
advised Valentine that as this Grand Jury session was called based on 
the State Attorney's Office decision to have the victims heard by the 
Grand Jury that I felt it was the States Attorney's Office 
responsibility to contact the victims and advise them of the reason 
they were no longer needed. 
t************************* NARRATIVE 
# 43 ************************** 
Reported By: RECAREY, JOSEPH 
5/04/06 
Entered By.: ALTOMARO, NICKIE A. 
5/04/06 
As I had not received any contact from anyone at the State Attorney's 
Office, on May 1, 2006, I prepared three arrest warrant requests and 
submitted them to the State Attorney's Office. 
The packages were 
delivered to the Crimes against Children Unit in care of ASA Lana 
Belohlavek. 
Jeffrey Epstein's arrest warrant was requested for 4 
counts of Unlawful sexual activity with certain minors and one count 
of Lewd and Lascivious Molestation. 
Sarah Kellen, Epstein's 
assistant's, arrest warrant request was for 4 counts of Principal in 
the 1st degree Unlawful Sexual activity with certain minors and one 
count of Principal in the 1st degree Lewd and Lascivious Molestation. 
Haley Robson's arrest warrant request was for Lewd and Lascivious 
Acts on a victim under 16 years of age. 
The receipt of delivery was 
signed and brought back to the records division at the police 
department. 
on May 3, 2006, at approximately 2:54 pm, I received a telephone call 
:rem ASA Daliah Weiss on my cellular telephone. 
ASA Weiss advised she 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-8   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 8
-------~------------------------------~---------------------------------------
ate: 
7/19/06 
ime: 15:01:37 
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
Incident Report 
Page: 
Program: CMS301L 
·----------------~---~------------------------------------------------------
ase No .... : 1-05-000368 
(Continued) 
has been taken off the Jeffrey Epstein case because her husband is 
employed with Attorney Jack Goldberger. 
Attorney Goldberger is the 
attorney of record for Jeffrey Epstein. 
His previous attorney, Guy, 
Fronstin, has been fired from representation. 
ASA Lana Belohlavek has 
been assigned the case. 
ASA Weiss stated she can no longer speak 
about the Epstein case with me. 
I thanked her for her telephone call. 
ASA Weiss further stated that ASA Belohlavek would be calling me. 
k************************** NARRATIVE 
# 44 ************************** 
\ 
Reported By: RECAREY, JOSEPH 
5/15/06 
Entered By.: ALTOMARO, NICKIE A. 
S/15/06 
On May 10, 2006, information was received that Epstein's associate, 
Leslie Wexner, The Limited Inc, CEO's, plane had arrived in West Palm 
Beach, PBIA, 
The plane, a Gulfstream 4 bearing a N900LS registration, 
was on the tarmac at Galaxy Aviation. 
As Epstein had recently 
acquired the services of a new attorney, and the fact that Epstein's 
house is currently under remodeling, it was believed that Epstein may 
be in Palm Beach. 
I conducted physical surveillance at the residence, 
358 El Brillo Way. 
I observed a large construction crew conducting 
remodeling at the house. 
The contractor, David Norr, was observed 
driving a Ford Explorer, white in color. 
The vehicle has a Florida 
registration of F30QQF. 
Norr left Epstein's house and traveled north 
on County Road. 
Det Caristo and I conducted surveillance on Norr. 
Norr traveled to several construction sites and checked on certain 
jobs. 
Surveillance was discontinued on Norr and Det Caristo and I 
traveled to Galaxy Aviation. 
I observed the white plane with a blue 
stripe along the body and tail of the plane; the tail number w~s 
visible on the bottom of the tail, closer to the body of the plane. 
We maintained visual surveillance on the plane until 4:57 p.rn., when a 
caravan of Cadillac Escalades drove onto the tarmac. 
We observed 
several people exit the vehicles and discovered that they were part of 
the executive team for Limited Inc. 
The executives were in Palm Beach 
County for an executive meeting for the day. 
They arrived in Palm 
Beach county on May 9, 2006 at 9:30 pm and were scheduled to leave on 
the 10th at 5:00 pm. 
On May 12, 2006, I met with ASA Lana Belohlavek at the State 
Attorney's Office. 
She explained that her boss, Barry Krischer, was 
requesting this case be taken to the Grand Jury again. 
I explained to 
her I had requested arrest warrants for Jeffrey Epstein, Sarah Kellen, 
and Haley Robson. 
I asked that she either issue the warrants or 
direct file, as so much time has elapsed since the original request to 
the Grand Jury. 
I explained that the Palm Beach Police Department had 
concluded the case in December of 2005 and has been waiting for the 
case to go forward. 
Belohlavek stated the original offer was again 
offered to the new defense attorney. 
She was waiting for their answer 
by Friday May 19, 2006. 
She stated she would advise me of the answer. 
~*************************NARRATIVE 
# 45 ************************** 
Reported By: RECAREY, JOSEPH 
6/05/06 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-8   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 8
--~----------------------------------------------------------------------~----
:1.te: 
/19/06 
ime: 15:01:37 
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
Incident Report 
Page, 
Program: CMS301L 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
lSe No .... : 1-05-000368 
Entered By.: ALTOMARO, NICKIE A. 
(Continued) 
6/06/06 
On May 22, 2006, I received several phone calls throughout the day 
from Mr.-who stated he had been followed aggressively by a private 
investigator. Mr-stated that as he drove to and from work and 
running errands throughout the county, the same vehicle was behind him 
running other vehicles off the road in an attempt not to lose sight of 
Mr .• a~ehicle. 
I explained to him as Mr. Epstein had retained new legal council it 
was possible it would be new private investigators following him to 
observe his daily activities. 
I also explained to him that there was 
a meeting scheduled with ASA Lana Belohlavek and Attorney Jack 
Goldberger at Mr. Krischer•s office scheduled on June 1, 2006 at 9:00 
am. 
I attempted to call ASA Lana Belohlavek to inform her of the 
private investigators following Mri9!.1owever; she was on her vacation 
during the week of May 22 through May 30 2006. 
on May 23, 2006, I received other phone calls from Mr. and Mrs .• 
who 
advised they were able to acquire the private investigators license 
plate information. 
The subject following them was again driving very 
aggressively and caused Mrs.~o run off the road. 
Mrs .... stated 
the vehicle is a green Chevy Monte Carlo bearing Florida tag I35-XGA. 
The vehicle is registered to Zachary Bechard of Jupiter Florida. 
Bechard is employed with Candor Investigations from Jupiter, Florida. 
Bechard is a licensed Private Investigator in the State of Florida. 
Since the discovery of the threat made against one of the victims in 
this case 
I requested subpoenas for all calls made to and 
received from. 
411111 .. during the month of March 2006 for her 
cell phone and home phone. 
I had confirmed with Florida State 
University the exact dates of Spring Break for 2006. 
The Spring Break 
was from March 4, 2006 through March 12, 2006. 
I received a subpoena 
from Sprint/Nextel with all calls made during the month of March 2006. 
I reviewed the 989 calls made and received during the month of March 
2006. 
I observed on March 7, 2006, ••• made and received thirty 
fiv.e calls during that day. 
Date 
Time 
seconds 
In/Out 
To/From 
7-Mar-06 
11:03 AM 
492 
Outbound 
561XXXX 
7-Mar-06 11:lii AM 
Inbound 
561XXXX 
7-Mar-06 11:22 AM 
887.2 
Inbound 
561XXXX 
7-Mar-06 11:37 AM 
outbound 
9178553363 
7-Mar-06 11: 39 AM 
28.2 
Inbound 
2125356831 
7-Mar-06 12:02 PM 
727 .2 
Inbound 
2125356831 
rhe table reflects the date of the calls, time of day (EST), duration 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-8   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 8
·-------------------------------~--------~--- ---"---------- -----------------
,te: 
7/19/06 
.me , 15 : o l : 3 7 
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 
Incident Report 
Page, 
Program: CMS301L 
.se No .... , 1-05-000368 
(Continued) 
of call in seconds, inbound or outbound calls and calls made to or 
from•••--phone. 
On March 7, 2006, at 11:03 am, •■-made a call 
to the victi~which lasted 492 seconds (8 minutes and 2 seconds). 
The victim then returned the call at 11:16 am which lasted 6 seconds. 
The victim then made contact with•■-at 11:22 am for 877.2 seconds 
(14 minutes and 6 seconds). 
These sequences of calls were consistent 
with what the victim had described to me on the date of the 
intimidation. 
Immediately after speaking with the victim, ••a makes 
a call to Sarah Kellen, Epstein's assistant, which lasts for 
forty-~i~t seconds. 
A call is then immediately received, a telephone 
number registered to a Corporation affiliated with Jeffrey Epstein 
located at 457 Madison Ave in New York. 
An extensive computer check 
revealed 457 Madison Ave is a business address in which Epstein has 
his corporations assigned to. 
Epstein had corporation attorney, 
Darren Indyke, register the businesses and register himself as an 
agent. 
I also observed Epstein has his El Zorro Ranch Corporation, 
New York Strategy Group, Ghislaine Corporation, J Epstein and Company 
and the Financial Strategy Group registered to this same address. 
Finally, a third call is received by•■• at 12:02 pm from the same 
corporate number which lasts 12 minutes and l second. 
It should be 
noted that there is no further contact with either the victim during 
the month of March or April of 2006. 
I also noted that there was no 
further contact with Sarah Kellen or Jeffrey Epstein during the 
remainder of the month of March or April 2006. 
on June l, 2006, ASA Lana Belohlavek telephoned me to inform me of the 
meeting that occurred with Atty. Jack Goldberger and her reference 
this case. 
She advised she would make her determination on whether to 
file on this case or not by Monday June 5, 2006. 
'· 
Inv Continues. 
~************************NARRATIVE 
# 46 ************************** 
Reported By: RECAREY, JOSEPH 
7/12/06 
Entered By.: ALTOMARO, NICKIE A. 
7/12/06 
On June 29, 2006, I had spoken to ASA Lana Belohlavic who informed me 
that the case would be sent to the Grand Jury for charges. 
She 
informed me that the grand jury would convene on July 19, 2006 to hear 
the Epstein case. 
Belohlavic stated State Attorney Barry Krisher made 
the determination to go the Grand Jury to hear the case. 
On July 12, 2006, I spoke with Mrs.41111 mother of the victim, -
who 
inquired about the status of the case. 
I explained to her that I was 
told we would be going to the Grand Jury during the week of July 19, 
2006. 
She stated she had not been contacted as of yet by the State 
Attorney's Office for any information. 
I provided her with the 
telephone numbers to the State Attorney's Office. 
Tnvestigation continues., . 
• * * * * * * *******END OP REPORT*** * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-08.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-09.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016-09.pdf
----------------------------------------
US_Atty_Cor_006
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 2
j 
UNITED STA TES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTIIERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
• CASENO. ________ 
_ 
U.S.C. § I512(d)(2) 
U.S.C. § I 13(a)(5) 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
vs. 
R 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
kRMATION 
The United States Attorney charges that: 
COUNTl 
In or around October 2005, in Palm Beach County, in the Southern District of Florida, and 
elsewhere, the defendant, 
F 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
did intentionally harass another person, that is, Jane Doe #I, in an attempt to delay, prevent, and 
dissuade Jane Doe #1 from reporting to a law enforcement officer of the United States the 
commission ofa federal offense; in violation of Title 18, United Staief~de, Sections !512(d)(2) 
and 2. 
COUNT2 
In or around ___ 2005, in the special territorial jurisdiction of the United States, that 
is, in an aircraft owned by a United States citizen while in flight over the high seas, and elsewhere, 

US_Atty_Cor_007
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 2
the defendant, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
did knowl~5 commit a simple assault on a person who was over the age of 16 years, that is, S.K.; 
in violat n 
Title 18, United States Code, Section l 13(a)(5). 
R. ALEXANDER ACR 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY 
A. MARIE VILLAF Al'l'A 
ASSISTANT UNITED STA TES A TT*Y 
F 
T 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-09.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-10.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016-10.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 27
, 
.., 
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 1 of 27 
IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE No. 102, 
09-80656 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Civil Action No. ___ _ 
CIV-RYSKAMP 
MAGISTRATE JUDGE 
VITUNAC 
COMPLAINT AND 
FILED by '1:J!, 
O.C. 
INTAKE 
MAY - 1 2009 
STEVEN M. !..AFlfMORf: 
CLERK U.S. DIST. CT. 
S.O. OF FLA. MIAMI .. _j 
Defendant. 
DEMAND FOR JURY TRIAL 
I 
COMPLAINT AND DEMAND FOR JURY TRIAL 
'Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. I 02, brings this Complaint against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
and states as follows: 
PARTIES, JURISDICTION. AND VENUE 
I. 
At all times material to this cause of action, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, was a 
resident of Palm Beach County, Florida. 
2. 
This Complaint is brought under a fictitious name to protect the identity of 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, because this Complaint makes sensitive allegations of sexual assault 
and abuse of a then minor. 
3. 
At all times material to this cause of action, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, had a 
residence located at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida. 
4. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, is currently a citizen of the State of Florida, as he is 
currently incarcerated in the Palm Beach County Stockade. 
5. 
At all times material to this cause of action, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, was an 
adult male born in 1953. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
~ 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miarr j 
EXHIBIT 
B 
I 
Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 J 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 27
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 2 of 27 
6. 
This Court has jurisdiction over this action and the claims set forth herein 
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255. 
7. 
This Court has venue of this action pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § !391(b), as a 
substantial part of the events giving rise to the claim occurred in this District. 
STATEMENT OF FACTS 
8. 
At all relevant times, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, was an adult male, spanning the 
ages of 45 and 55 years old. Epstein is known as a billionaire financier and money manager with 
a secret clientele limited exclusively to billionaires. He is a man of tremendous wealth, power, 
and influence. He owns a fleet of aircraft that includes a Gulfstream IV, a helicopter, and a 
Boeing 727, as well as a fleet of motor vehicles. Until his incarceration, he maintained his 
principal place of residence in the largest home in Manhattan, a 51,000-square-foot eight-story 
mansion on the Upper East Side. Upon information and belief, he also owns a $6.8 million 
mansion in Palm Beach, Florida, a $30 million 7,500-acre ranch in New Mexico he named 
"Zorro," a 70-acre private island known as Little St. James in St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands, a 
mansion in London's Westminster neighborhood, and a home in the Avenue Foch area of Paris. 
The allegations herein concern Defendant's conduct while at his lavish homes and/or numerous 
other locations both nationally and internationally. 
9. 
Upon information and belief, Defendant has a sexual preference for underage 
minor girls. He engaged in a plan, scheme, or enterprise in which he gained access to countless 
vulnerable and relatively economically disadvantaged minor girls, and sexually assaulted, 
molested, and/or exploited these girls, and then gave them money. 
I 0. 
Beginning in or around I 998 through in or around September 2007, Defendant 
used his resources and his influence over vulnerable minor girls to engage in a systematic pattern 
of sexually exploitative behavior. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358,2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 27
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 3 of 27 
11. 
Defendant's plan and scheme reflected a particular pattern and method. 
Defendant coerced and enticed impressionable, vulnerable, and relatively economically less 
fortunate minor girls to participate in various acts of sexual misconduct that he committed upon 
them. Defendant's scheme involved the use of underage girls, as well as other individuals, to 
recruit other underage girls. Upon information and belief, Defendant and/or an authorized agent 
would call and alert Defendant's assistants shortly before or after he arrived at his Palm Beach 
residence. His assistants would call economically disadvantaged and underage girls from West 
Palm Beach and surrounding areas who would be enticed by the money being offered and who 
Defendant and/or his assistants perceived as less likely to complain to authorities or have 
credibility issues if allegations of improper conduct were made. The then minor Plaintiff and 
other minor girls, some as young as 12 years old, were transported to Defendant's Palm Beach 
mansion by Defendant's employees, agents, and/or assistants in order to provide Defendant with 
''massages." 
12. 
Many of the instances of illegal sexual conduct committed by Defendant were 
perpetrated with the assistance, support, and facilitation of at least three assistants who helped 
him orchestrate this child exploitation enterprise. These assistants would often arrange times for 
underage girls to come to Defendant's residence, transport or cause the transportation of 
underage girls to Defendant's residence, escort the underage girls to the massage room where 
Defendant would be waiting or would enter shortly thereafter, urge the underage girls to remove 
their clothes, deliver cash from Defendant to the underage girls and/or their procurers at the 
conclusion of each "massage appointment," and, upon information and belief, take nude 
photographs and/or videos of the underage girls for Defendant with and/or without their 
knowledge. Defendant would pay the procurer of each girl's "appointment" hundreds of dollars. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 27
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 4 of 27 
13. 
Epstein designed this scheme to secure a private place in Defendant's Palm Beach 
mansion where only persons employed and invited by Epstein would be present, so as to reduce 
the chance of detection of Defendant's sexual abuse and prostitution as well as to make it more 
difficult for the minor girls to t1ee the premises .and/or to credibly report his actions to law 
enforcement or other authorities. The girls were usually transported by his employees, agents, 
and/or assistants or by a taxicab paid for by Defendant in order to make it difficult for the girls to 
t1ee his mansion. 
14. 
Upon arrival at Defendant's Palm Beach mansion, each underage victim would 
generally be introduced to one of Defendant's assistants, who would gather the girl's personal 
contact information. The minor girl would then be led up a t1ight of stairs to a room that 
contained a massage table and a large shower. The staircase leading to the room was plastered 
with nude photographs of young girls, including some photographs depicting two or more young 
girls engaged in lewd acts. Upon information and belief, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, had such 
photographs in each of his six homes and/or on his computers. 
15. 
At times, if it was the girl's first "massage" appointment, another female would 
be in the room to "lead the way" until Defendant would have her leave. Generally, Defendant 
would start his massage wearing only a small towel, which eventually would be removed. 
Defendant and/or the other female would direct the girl to massage him, giving the minor girl 
specific instructions as to where and how he wanted to be touched, and then direct her to remove 
her clothing. He would then perform one or more lewd, lascivious, and sexual acts, including 
masturbation, fondling the minor's breasts and/or sexual organs, touching the minor's vulva, 
vagina, and/or anus with a vibrator and/or back massager and/or his finger(s) and/or his penis, 
digitally penetrating her vagina, performing intercourse, oral sex, and/or anal sex, and/or 
coercing or attempting to coerce the girl to engage in lewd acts and/or prostitution and/or 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 27
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 5 of 27 
enticing the then minor girl to engage in sexual acts with another female in Defendant's 
presence. The exact degree of molestation and frequency with which the sexual exploitations 
took place varied and is not yet completely known; however, Defendant committed such acts 
regularly on a daily basis and, in most instances, several times a day. In order to facilitate the 
daily exchanges of money for sexual assault and abuse, Defendant kept U.S. currency readily 
available. 
16, 
Defendant, Epstein, traveled to his mansion in Palm Beach for the purpose of 
luring minor girls to his mansion to sexually abuse and/or batter them, He used the telephone to 
contact these minor girls for the purpose of coercing them into acts of prostitution and to enable 
himself to commit sexual battery against them and/or acts of lewdness in their presence, and he 
conspired with others, including assistants and/or his driver(s) and/or pilot{s), and his socialite 
friend/partner, Ghislaine Maxwell, to further these acts and to avoid police detection. 
Defendant's systematic pattern of sexually exploitative behavior referred to in paragraph 10 and 
described in paragraphs 11 through the present paragraph occurred in all of Defendant's 
domestic and international residences and/or places of lodging and/or modes of transportation. 
17. 
Consistent with the foregoing plan and scheme, Defendant used his money, 
wealth, and power to unduly and improperly manipulate and influence the then minor Plaintiff. 
A vulnerable young girl, Plaintiff was working as a changing room assistant at The Mar-A-Lago 
Club in Palm Beach making approximately $9 an hour when she was first lured into Defendant's 
sexually exploitative world. In or about the summer of 1998, when Plaintiff was merely fifteen 
years old while attending to her duties at Mar-A-Lago, Plaintiff was recruited by Ghislaine 
Maxwell, who lived, traveled, socialized, and worked with Defendant. 
Ms. Maxwell asked 
Plaintiff if she was interested in learning massage therapy and earning a great deal of money 
while learning the profession. Plaintiffs father, who was a maintenance manager at The Mar-A-
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami. FL 331301 Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.356,2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 27
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 6 of 27 
Lago Club, was not apprehensive because he felt comforted that an older woman had approached 
Plaintiff with this opportunity. As a result, Plaintiff's father dropped off Plaintiff at Defendant's 
mansion that same day. Ms. Maxwell met Plaintiff and her father outside of Defendant's Palm 
Beach mansion, where Ms. Maxwell assured the minor girl's father that Ms. Maxwell would 
provide transportation home for his teenaged daughter. Ghislaine Maxwell led Plaintiff up a 
flight of stairs to a spa room with a shower and a massage table. Defendant was lying naked on 
the massage table. Plaintiff was shocked, but, with no experience with massages, thought this 
could be massage therapy protocol. Ms. Maxwell then took off her own shirt and left on her 
underwear and started rubbing her breasts across Defendant's body, impliedly showing Plaintiff 
what she was expected to do. Ms. Maxwell then told Plaintiff to take off her clothes. The minor 
girl was apprehensive about doing this, but, in fear, proceeded to follow Ms. Maxwell by 
removing everything but her underwear. She was then ordered to remove her underwear and to 
straddle Defendant. 
The encounter escalated, with Defendant and Ms. Maxwell sexually 
assaulting, battering, exploiting, and abusing Plaintiff in various ways and in various locations, 
including the steam room and shower. At the end of this sexually exploitive abuse, Defendant 
and Ms. Maxwell giddily told Plaintiff to return the following day and told her she had "lots of 
potential." Defendant paid Plaintiff hundreds of dollars, told her it was for two hours of work, 
and directed one of his employees to drive her home. 
18. 
Defendant and/or his procurers thereafter lured the then minor Plaintiff to his 
Palm Beach mansion every day for the next two weeks in order to engage in a similar pattern of 
sexual exploitation. Defendant and/or his procurers arranged at the end of each incident the 
transportation and scheduling for the following day's appointment. Additionally, Defendant 
telephoned the minor Plaintiff himself and/or had Ms. Maxwell telephone Plaintiff to make 
arrangements. 
Plaintiff was often times driven to and from Epstein's mansion by Epstein 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 27
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 7 of 27 
himself or his driver. Alternatively, Defendant or Ms. Maxwell would arrange and pay for 
Plaintiff's transportation home by taxicab. 
I 9. 
During Plaintiffs second incident of being sexually exploited and assaulted by 
Defendant at Defendant's Palm Beach mansion, Defendant asked Plaintiff to quit her job at The 
Mar-A-Lago Club and travel with him to earn much more money while learning the massage 
profession. Thus, Plaintiff, an impressionable and vulnerable young girl of modest means, quit 
her job as a changing room assistant, was lured by Defendant, and continued to be victimized by 
Defendant, who immersed the minor Plaintiff into Defendant's lewd and abusive lifestyle. 
Under Defendant's dominion and control, Defendant continuously "groomed" the minor 
adolescent. 
Defendant's daily routine required the minor Plaintiff to perform sexually on 
Defendant multiple times per day and to provide Defendant massages multiple times per day. 
Plaintiff had absolutely no say as to when, how many times, or what was done during each 
sexual encounter. Often, Plaintiff was joined by Ms. Maxwell, Ms. Maxwell's assistant, and/or a 
countless array of young women who would be brought to one of Defendant's homes for the 
sexual trysts and then be sexually exploited by Defendant. 
20. 
The first time that Defendant transported Plaintiff to another state in order to 
engage in sexual acts with her occurred when she was merely fifteen years old and after only two 
weeks of daily sexually abusive encounters with Defendant. Defendant used his private jet to 
transport the minor Plaintiff to Manhattan, where he provided her with spending money and 
accommodations with him at his mansion. 
From the time that Plaintiff was 15 years old, 
Defendant abused her to serve his every sexual whim, obtaining and purchasing passports and 
whatever was needed for her to travel with him and/or for him. Defendant transported Plaintiff 
in his private jet to locations that included Palm Beach, New York City, Santa Fe, Los Angeles, 
San Francisco, St. Louis, and numerous other domestic destinations, as well as international 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305,358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 27
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 8 of 27 
destinations, including Europe, the Caribbean, and Africa. He provided accommodations with 
him in order to have her available to him at all times wherever he went, including while 
transporting the minor Plaintiff on his private jet. Each time they would travel to one of these 
destinations, the same pattern of sexual abuse would occur, often with a vast array of aspiring 
models, actresses, celebrities, and/or other females, including minors, from all over the world. 
Upon information and belief, Defendant transported minor girls from Turkey, the Czech 
Republic, Asia, and numerous other countries, many of whom spoke no English. To Plaintiff's 
knowledge, the only females specifically excluded from Defendant's sexual escapades were 
African-Americans. 
21. 
In addition to being continually exploited to satisfy Defendant's evefY sexual 
whim, Plaintiff was also required to be sexually exploited by Defendant's adult male peers, 
including royalty, politicians, academicians, businessmen, and/or other professional and personal 
acquaintances. Whenever Defendant transported Plaintiff with him in his private jet to any 
destination, Defendant would pay Plaintiff a flat rate per day while he and/or his above-
mentioned associates would sexually exploit and abuse minor Plaintiff. 
22. 
Most of these acts of abuse occurred during a time when Defendant knew that 
Plaintiff was approximately 15, 16, and 17 years old, and, after years of daily sexual exploitation, 
continued into her adulthood. Despite Defendant's stating shortly before Plaintiffs sixteenth 
birthday that he soon would have to trade her in because she was getting too old, Defendant 
continued to sexually exploit Plaintiff until she fled at age 19. Defendant's predilection for 
young girls was well known to those who regularly procured them for him and to his circle of 
friends. On one of Defendant's birthdays, a friend of Defendant sent him three 12-year-old girls 
from France who spoke no English for Defendant to sexually exploit and abuse. After doing so, 
they were sent back to France the next day. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 27
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 9 of 27 
23, 
Any assertions by Defendant that he was unaware of the age of the then minor 
Plaintiff are belied by his own actions, and are rendered irrelevant by the provision of applicable 
federal statutes concerning the sexual exploitation and abuse of a minor child. Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, at all times material to this cause of action, knew and should have known of 
Plaintiffs age of minority. Defendant and Ms. Maxwell acknowledged and celebrated Plaintiff's 
16th birthday. Defendant's preference for underage girls was well-known to those who regularly 
procured them for him. 
24. 
As previously stated in paragraph 14, Defendant displayed nude photographs of 
underage girls throughout his homes in New York City, Palm Beach, Santa Fe, and the U.S. 
Virgin Islands. Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, saw photographs of naked young girls in each of 
Defendant's homes, including a photograph of herself naked at Defendant's home in Palm 
Beach. When she asked Defendant about it, he stated dismissively that he had naked photographs 
of her in all of his homes. 
25. 
Upon information and belief, some of the photographs in Defendant's possession 
were taken with hidden cameras set up in his home in Palm Beach. On the day of his arrest, 
police found two hidden cameras and photographs of underage girls on a computer in 
Defendant's home. Upon information and belief, Defendant may have taken lewd photographs 
of Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, with his hidden cameras and may have transported lewd 
photographs of Plaintiff (among many other victims) to his other residences and elsewhere using 
a facility or means of interstate and/or foreign commerce. In addition, while Plaintiff was a 
minor teenager and upon Ms. Maxwell's insistence after Ms. Maxwell rejected as inappropriate 
photographs that Plaintiff presented of herself fully clothed, Ms. Maxwell photographed Plaintiff 
naked in different sexually explicit positions. 
Ms. Maxwell then presented these nude 
photographs of Plaintiff to Defendant as a birthday present for Defendant from Ms. Maxwell. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurstcom. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 10 of 27 
Upon infonnation and belief, one or more nude photographs of Plaintiff that were taken when 
she was a minor were confiscated by the Palm Beach Sheriffs Office during its execution of a 
search warrant of Defendant's Palm Beach mansion on October 20, 2005. Upon information 
and belief, those photographs are still in the custody of law enforcement. 
26. 
It is virtually impossible to calculate the exact number of times that Defendant 
sexually exploited and abused Plaintiff. From the age of 15, Plaintiff was sexually exploited and 
abused by Defendant on a daily basis and, most often, multiple times each day. While some of 
the precise dates these acts occurred are unknown to Plaintiff, these dates are known to 
Defendant, as he is reported to have kept a written log of each instance in which he engaged in 
these lewd acts with then minor Plaintiff and others. Upon information and belief, these logs are 
also in the custody of law enforcement. 
27. 
In or around September 2002, Defendant purchased a commercial round-trip 
airline ticket, and provided a passport, U.S. currency, and accommodations for Plaintiff to fly to 
Thailand. While thousands of miles away from Defendant on this extended trip alone for the 
first time in more than four years, Plaintiff met, fell in love, and married a young man. She 
escaped from Defendant's abuse with the help and insistence of her new husband and, instead of 
returning to Defendant, boarded a plane to Australia with one suitcase. 
28. 
Since November 2002, Plaintiff has lived a modest life in Australia, while 
maintaining lines of communication with her family and without contact with Defendant or any 
of the people in his entourage. However, suddenly, in 2008, Plaintiff received numerous phone 
calls from one of Defendant's agents. During these phone calls to Plaintiff, he repeatedly asked 
whether she knew anything about the civil cases against Defendant, whether she knew any of the 
females who were proceeding with the civil suits, whether she was planning on filing suit, 
whether she was communicating and/or cooperating with anyone against Defendant, and whether 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 11 of 27 
she would return to the United States to testify. Terrified by Defendant's demonstrated ability to 
track her down on her changed cell phone number halfway across the world, Plaintiff attempted 
to reassure Defendant's agent that she would remain quiet. During the course of one of these 
phone calls from Defendant's agents, Defendant himself spoke on the phone, continued to 
question her intentions, and, upon being reassured by Plaintiff, thanked her for not getting 
involved. 
29. 
Around January 2009, Plaintiff received a letter from the United States Attorney's 
Office for the Southern District of Florida, informing her of her potential civil claims against 
Defendant under 18 U.S.C. § 2255. Plaintiff contacted undersigned counsel within days and 
diligently and repeatedly pursued a good faith viable settlement of her claims against Defendant. 
Unable to reach a settlement, this lawsuit followed. 
30. 
As a result of these encounters with Defendant, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. l 02, has in 
the past suffered, and will in the future continue to suffer, physical injury, pain and suffering, 
emotional distress, psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, 
confusion, embarrassment, loss of educational opportunities, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, 
invasion of her privacy, separation from her family, and other damages associated with 
Defendant's controlling and manipulating her on a daily basis for years into a perverse and 
unhealthy way of life. 
31. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, committed the above-referenced acts upon Plaintiff in 
violation of federal statutes condemning the coercion and enticement of a minor to engage in 
prostitution or sexual activity, travel with intent to engage in illicit sexual conduct, sex 
trafficking of children, sexual exploitation of minor children, transport of visual depictions of a 
minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct, transport of child pornography, child exploitation 
enterprises, and other crimes, specifically including, but not limited to, those crimes designated 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 12 of 27 
in 18 U.S.C. § 2421, § 2422(a), § 2422(b), § 2423(a), § 2423(b), § 2423(e), § 2251, § 2252, § 
2252A( a)(!), and § 2252A(g)(l ). 
32. 
In June 2008, after investigations by the Palm Beach Police Department, the Palm 
Beach State Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the United States 
Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, entered pleas 
of"guilty" to various Florida state crimes involving the solicitation of minors for prostitution and 
the procurement of minors for the purposes of prostitution in the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in 
Palm Beach County, Florida. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, is in the same position as if he had 
been tried and convicted of the sexual offenses committed against Plaintiff and, as snch, must 
admit liability unto Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102. Plaintiff hereby exclusively seeks civil remedies 
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255. 
COUNT ONE 
(Cause of Action for Coercion and Enticement of Minor to Engage in Prostitution or 
Sexual Activity pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 in Violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b)) 
33. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, hereby adopts, repeats, realleges, and incorporates by 
reference the allegations contained in paragraphs 1 through 32 above. 
34. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, used a facility or means of interstate and/or foreign 
commerce to knowingly persuade, induce, entice, or coerce Jane Doe No. 102, when she was 
under the age of 18 years, to engage in prostitution and/or sexual activity for which any person 
can be charged with a criminal offense, or attempted to do so, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 in 
violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2422(b). 
35. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, was a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 
U.S.C. § 2255, and, as such, asserts a cause of action against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
pursuant to this Section of the United States Code. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 13 of 27 
36. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
being committed against the then minor Plaintiff by Defendant, Plaintiff has in the past suffered, 
and will in the future contiuue to suffer, physical injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, 
psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, 
loss of educational opportunities, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy, 
separation from her family, and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulating and 
leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life. The then minor Plaintiff incurred medical 
and psychological expenses, and Plaintiff will in the future suffer additional medical and 
psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn 
income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These injuries are permanent in 
nature, and Plaintiff will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, demands judgment against Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for all damages available under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, including, without limitation, 
actual and compensatory damages, attorney's fees, costs of suit, and such other further relief as 
this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right 
by a jury. 
COUNTTWO 
(Cause of Action for Transportation of Minor with Intent to Engage in Criminal Sexual 
Activity pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 in Violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2423(a)) 
7. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. I 02, hereby adopts, repeats, realleges, and incorporates by 
reference the allegations contained in paragraphs I through 32 above. 
38. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, knowingly transported then minor Plaintiff, Jane Doe 
No. 102, in interstate and/or foreign commerce, with the intent that Plaintiff engage in 
prostitution, or in any sexual activity for which any person can be charged with a criminal 
offense, in violation 18 U.S.C. § 2423(a). As previously stated in paragraphs 20, 21, and 27, 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 14 of 27 
Defendant transported Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. I 02, across state lines and across international 
borders numerous times from the time that Plaintiff was merely 15 years old through adulthood 
with the primary intent of sexually exploiting her. 
39. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, was a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 
U.S.C. § 2255, and, as such, asserts a cause of action against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
pursuant to this Section of the United States Code. 
40. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
being committed against the then minor Plaintiff by Defendant, Plaintiff has in the past suffered, 
and will in the future continue to suffer, physical injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, 
psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, 
loss of educational opportunities, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy, 
separation from her family, and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulating and 
leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life for a minor. The then minor Plaintiff 
incurred medical and psychological expenses, and Plaintiff will in the future suffer additional 
medical and psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These injuries are 
permanent in nature, and Plaintiff will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, demands judgment against Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for all damages available under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, including, without limitation, 
actual and compensatory damages, attorney's fees, costs of suit, and such other further relief as 
this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right 
by a jury. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.oom 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 15 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 15 of 27 
COUNT THREE 
(Cause of Action for Travel with Intent to Engage in Illicit Sexual Conduct pursuant to 18 
U.S.C. § 2255 in Violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2423(b)) 
41. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, hereby adopts, repeats, realleges, and incorporates by 
reference the allegations contained in paragraphs I through 32 above. 
42. 
Upon information and belief, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, traveled in interstate 
and/or foreign commerce with the intent to engage in illicit sexual conduct, as defined in 18 
U.S.C. § 2423(f), with minor females, including the then minor Plaintiff, in violation of 18 
U.S.C. § 2423(b). 
43. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, was a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 
U.S.C. § 2255, and, as such, asserts a cause of action against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
pursuant to this Section of the United States Code. 
44. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
being committed against the then minor Plaintiff by Defendant, Plaintiff has in the past suffered, 
and will in the future continue to suffer, physical iajury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, 
psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, 
Joss of educational opportunities, Joss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy, 
separation from her family, and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulating and 
leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life. The then minor Plaintiff incurred medical 
and psychological expenses, and Plaintiff will in the future suffer additional medical and 
psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn 
income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These iajuries are permanent in 
nature, and Plaintiff will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. I 02, demands judgment against Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for all damages available under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, including, without limitation, 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 16 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 16 of 27 
actual and compensatory damages, attorney's fees, costs of suit, and such other further relief as 
this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right 
by a jury. 
COUNT FOUR 
(Cause of Action for Coercion and Enticement to Engage in Prostitution or Sexual Activity 
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 In Violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2422{a)} 
45. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, hereby adopts, repeats, realleges, and incorporates by 
reference the allegations contained in paragraphs I through 32 above. 
46. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, knowingly persuaded, induced, enticed, and/or 
coerced Jane Doe No. I 02 to travel in interstate and/or foreign commerce to engage in 
prostitution and/or sexual activity for which any person can be charged with a criminal offense, 
or attempted to do so, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2422(a). 
47. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, was a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 
U.S.C. § 2255, and, as such, asserts a cause of action against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
pursuant to this Section of the United States Code. 
48. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in 18 U .S.C. § 2255 
being committed against the then minor Plaintiff by Defendant, Plaintiff has in the past suffered, 
and will in the future continue to suffer, physical injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, 
psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, 
loss of educational opportunities, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy, 
separation from her family, and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulating and 
leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life. The then minor Plaintiff incurred medical 
and psychological expenses, and Plaintiff will in the future suffer additional medical and 
psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 17 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 17 of 27 
income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These injuries are permanent in 
nature, and Plaintiff will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, demands judgment against Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for all damages available under 18 U .S.C. § 2255, including, without limitation, 
actual and compensatory damages, attorney's fees, costs of suit, and such other further relief as 
this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right 
by a jury. 
COUNT FIVE 
(Cause of Action for Transportation with Intent to Engage in Criminal Sexual Activity 
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 in Violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2421) 
49. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. I 02, hereby adopts, repeats, realleges, and incorporates by 
reference the allegations contained in paragraphs I through 32 above. 
50. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, knowingly transported, or attempted to transport, 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, in interstate and/or foreign commerce, with the intent that Plaintiff 
engage in prostitution and/or in any sexual activity for which any person can be charged with a 
criminal offense, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2421. As previously stated in paragraphs 20, 21, 
and 27, Defendant transported Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. l 02, across state lines and across 
international borders numerous times from the time that Plaintiff was merely 15 years old 
through adulthood with the primary intent of sexually exploiting her. 
51. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. I 02, was a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 
U.S.C. § 2255, and, as such, asserts a cause of action against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
pursuant to this Section of the United States Code. 
52. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
being committed against the then minor Plaintiff by Defendant, Plaintiff has in the past suffered, 
and will in the future continue to suffer, physical injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Stree~ Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.%3.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 18 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 18 of 27 
psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, 
loss of educational opportunities, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy, 
separation from her family, and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulating and 
leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life for a minor. The then minor Plaintiff 
incurred medical and psychological expenses, and Plaintiff will in the future suffer additional 
medical and psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the 
capacity to earn income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These injuries are 
permanent in nature, and Plaintiff will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, demands judgment against Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for all damages available under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, including, without limitation, 
actual and compensatory damages, attorney's fees, costs of suit, and such other further relief as 
this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right 
by a jury. 
COUNT SIX 
(Cause of Action for Sexual Exploitation of Children pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 in 
Violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2251) 
53. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, hereby adopts, repeats, realleges, and incorporates by 
reference the allegations contained in paragraphs I through 32 above. 
54. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, knowingly persuaded, induced, enticed, or coerced the 
then minor Plaintiff to engage in sexually explicit conduct for the purpose of producing a visual 
depiction of such conduct, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2251. As previously stated in paragraphs 
14, 24, and 25, Defendant kept and displayed a myriad of nude photographs of underage girls 
throughout his homes, including his homes in New York City, Palm Beach, Santa Fe, and the 
U.S. Virgin Islands. Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, saw photographs of naked young girls in each 
of Defendant's homes, including a photograph of herself naked at Defendant's home in Palm 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami,. FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305,358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954,468.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 19 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 19 of 27 
Beach. Upon information and belief, many of the photographs in the possession of Defendant 
were taken with hidden cameras set up in his home in Palm Beach. On the day of his arrest, 
police found two hidden cameras and photographs of underage girls on a computer in 
Defendant's home. Upon information and belief, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, may have taken 
lewd photographs of Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, with his hidden cameras and may have 
transported lewd photographs of Plaintiff (among many other victims) to his other residences and 
elsewhere using a facility or means of interstate and/or foreign commerce. Upon information 
and belief, one or more nude photographs of Plaintiff that were taken when she was a minor were 
confiscated by the Palm Beach Sheriff's Office during its execution of a search warrant of 
Defendant's Palm Beach mansion on October 20, 2005. Upon information and belief, those 
photographs are still in the custody of law enforcement. 
55. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. !02, was a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 
U.S.C. § 2255, and, as such, asserts a cause of action against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
pursuant to this Section of the United States Code. 
56. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
being committed against the then minor Plaintiff by Defendant, Plaintiff has in the past suffered, 
and will in the future continue to suffer, physical injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, 
psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, 
loss of educational opportunities, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy, 
separation from her family, and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulating and 
leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life. The then minor Plaintiff incurred medical 
and psychological expenses, and Plaintiff will in the future suffer additional medical and 
psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
WWW norlhnrdrnm 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 20 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 20 of 27 
income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These injuries are permanent in 
nature, and Plaintiff will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, demands judgment against Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for all damages available under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, including, without limitation, 
actual and compensatory damages, attorney's fees, costs of suit, and such other further relief as 
this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right 
by a jury. 
COUNT SEVEN 
(Cause of Action for Transport of Visual Depiction of Minor Engaging in Sexually Explicit 
Conduct pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 in Violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2252fa)(1)) 
57. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, hereby adopts, repeats, realleges, and incorporates by 
reference the allegations contained in paragraphs I through 32 above. 
58. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, knowingly mailed, transported, shipped, or sent via 
computer and/or facsimile in or affecting interstate and/or foreign commerce at least one visual 
depiction of the minor Plaintiff engaging in sexually explicit conduct, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 
2252(a)(l). As previously stated in paragraphs 14, 24, and 25, Defendant displayed a myriad of 
nude photographs of underage girls throughout his homes, including his homes in New York 
City, Palm Beach, Santa Fe, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, saw 
photographs of naked young girls in each of Defendant's homes, including a photograph of 
herself naked as a minor at Defendant's home in Palm Beach. As previously stated in paragraph 
24, Defendant told Plaintiff that he had photographs of her naked in all of his homes. Upon 
information and belief, many of the photographs in the possession of Defendant were taken with 
hidden cameras set up throughout his home in Palm Beach. On the day of his arrest, police 
found two hidden cameras and nude photographs of underage girls on a computer in Defendant's 
home. 
Upon information and belief, Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, may have taken lewd 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 21 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 21 of 27 
photographs of Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. I 02, with his hidden cameras and may have transported 
lewd photographs of Plaintiff (among many other victims) to his other residences and elsewhere 
using a facility or means of interstate and/or foreign commerce. Upon information and belief, 
one or more nude photographs of Plaintiff that were taken when she was a minor were 
confiscated by the Palm Beach Sheriffs Office during its execution of a search warrant of 
Defendant's Palm Beach mansion on October 20, 2005. Upon information and belief, those 
photographs are still in the custody of law enforcement. 
59. 
As previously stated in paragraph 23, any assertions by Defendant that he was 
unaware of the age of the then minor Plaintiff are belied by his actions and rendered irrelevant by 
the provision of applicable federal and state statutes concerning the sexual exploitation and abuse 
of a minor child. Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, at all times material to this cause of action, knew 
and should have known of Plaintiff's age of minority. Defendant's preference for underage girls 
was well-known to those who regularly procured them for him. 
60. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. I 02, was a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 
U.S.C. § 2255, and, as such, asserts a cause of action against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
pursuant to this Section of the United States Code. 
61. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
being committed against the then minor Plaintiff by Defendant, Plaintiff has in the past suffered, 
and will in the future continue to suffer, physical injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, 
psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, 
loss of educational opportunities, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy, 
separation from her family, and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulating and 
leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life. The then minor Plaintiff incurred medical 
and psychological expenses, and Plaintiff will in the future suffer additional medical and 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 22 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 22 of 27 
psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn 
income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These injuries are permanent in 
nature, and Plaintiff will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. I 02, demands judgment against Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for all damages available under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, including, without limitation, 
actual and compensatory damages, attorney's fees, costs of suit, and such other further relief as 
this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right 
by a jury. 
COUNT EIGHT 
(Cause of Action for Transport of Child Pornography pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2255 in 
Violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(a)(l)) 
62. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, hereby adopts, repeats, realleges, and incorporates by 
reference the allegations contained in paragraphs 1 through 32 above. 
63. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, knowingly mailed, transported, shipped, or sent via 
computer and/or facsimile in or affecting interstate and/or foreign commerce child pornography 
in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(a)(l ). 
64. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, was a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 
U.S.C. § 2255, and, as such, asserts a cause of action against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
pursuant to this Section of the United States Code. 
65. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in 18 U.S.C. § 2255 
being committed against the then minor Plaintiff by Defendant, Plaintiff has in the past suffered, 
and will in the future continue to suffer, physical injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, 
psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, 
loss of educational opportunities, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy, 
separation from her family, and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulating and 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhu.rst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 23 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 23 of 27 
leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life. The then minor Plaintiff incurred medical 
and psychological expenses, and Plaintiff will in the future suffer additional medical and 
psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a Joss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn 
income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These injuries are permanent in 
nature, and Plaintiff will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. I 02, demands judgment against Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for all damages available under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, including, without limitation, 
actual and compensatory damages, attorney's fees, costs of suit, and such other further relief as 
this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right 
by a jury. 
COUNT NINE 
{Cause of Action for Engaging in a Child Exploitation Enterprise pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 
2255 in Violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(g)) 
66. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. l02, hereby adopts, repeats, realleges, and incorporates by 
reference the allegations contained in paragraphs I through 32 above and Counts One through 
Eight above. 
67. 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, knowingly engaged in a child exploitation enterprise, 
as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(g)(2), in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2252A(g)(I). As more fully 
set forth above, Defendant engaged in actions that constitute countless violations of 18 U.S.C. § 
1591 (sex trafficking of children), Chapter 110 (sexual exploitation of children in violation of 18 
U.S.C. §§ 2251, 2252(a)(l ), and 2252(A)(a)(l )), and Chapter 117 (transportation for illegal 
sexual activity in violation of 18 U.S.C. §§ 2421, 2422, and 2423). As more fully set forth above 
in paragraphs 9 through 32, Defendant's actions involved countless victims and countless 
separate incidents of sexual abuse, which he committed against minors, including Plaintiff, in 
concert with at least three other persons. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Mia.ml, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurslcom 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 24 of
• 
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 24 of 27 
68. 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, was a victim of one or more offenses enumerated in 
U.S.C. § 2255, and, as such, asserts a cause of action against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, 
pursuant to this Section of the United States Code. 
69. 
As a direct and proximate result of the offenses enumerated in l 8 U.S.C. § 2255 
being committed against the then minor Plaintiff by Defendant, Plaintiff has in the past suffered, 
and will in the future continue to suffer, physical injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, 
psychological and/or psychiatric trauma, mental anguish, humiliation, confusion, embarrassment, 
loss of educational opportunities, loss of self-esteem, loss of dignity, invasion of her privacy, 
separation from her family, and other damages associated with Defendant's manipulating and 
leading her into a perverse and unhealthy way of life. The then minor Plaintiff incurred medical 
and psychological expenses, and Plaintiff will in the future suffer additional medical and 
psychological expenses. Plaintiff has suffered a loss of income, a loss of the capacity to earn 
income in the future, and a loss of the capacity to enjoy life. These injuries are permanent in 
nature, and Plaintiff will continue to suffer these losses in the future. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 102, demands judgment against Defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, for all damages available under 18 U.S.C. § 2255, including, without limitation, 
actual and compensatory damages, attorney's fees, costs of suit, and such other further relief as 
this Court deems just and proper, and hereby demands trial by jury on all issues triable as of right 
by a jury. 
Date: May l, 2009 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
f\bd c,,~ ~- - rGdE 
Robert C. Josefs ~4085;;!\ 
Katherine W. Ezell, Bar No. 114771 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, Florida 33130 
(305) 358-2800 
(305) 358-2382 (fax) 
rjosefsberg@podhurst.com 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 25 of
• 
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 25 of 27 
kezell@podhurst.com 
Auorneys for Plaintiff 
DEMAND FOR JURY TRIAL 
Plaintiff demands to have her case tried before a jury. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
BaW C. • ~ 
k ){.,,iv 
Robert C. Jose~- 040'856 
Katherine W. Ezell, Bar No. 114771 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, Florida 33130 
(305) 358-2800 
(305) 358-2382 (fax) 
rjosefsberg(alpodhurst.com 
kezell@podhurst.com 
Allorneys for Plaintiff 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800, Miami, FL 33130, Miami 305.358.2800 Fax 305.358.2382 • Fort Lauderdale 954.463.4346 
www.podhurst.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 26 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 26 of 27 
<flt.JS 44 (Rev. II/OS) 
CIVIL COVER SHEET 
The JS 44 civil cover sheet and the infonnation contained herein neither replace nor supplement the filing and service of pleadings or other papers as r~uircd by law, except as provided 
by local rules of court. This form, approved by the Judicial Conference of!he United States in Seotcmber 1974. is reautred for the use of the Clerk of Court for the ourpose of mitiating 
the civil docket sheet (SEE INSTRUCTIONS ON Ti'lE REVERSE OF THE FORM.) 
NOTICE: Attorneys MUST Indicate All Re-filed Cases Below. 
I. (a) PLAINTIFFS 
DEFENDANTS 
Jane Doe No. I 02 
Jeffrey Epstein 
(b) County of Residence of First LiSled Plaintiff 
West Palm Beach 
County of Residence of First Listed Defendant 
West Palm Beach 
(EXCEPT IN U.S. PLAINTIFF CASES) 
(IN U.S. ?LAINTIF~ CO SES OW V~ 
(c) Attorney's (Finn Namt:, Addrtss, and Telephone Number) 
NOTE: IN LAND('ONDEMNATION r+;fetL..iiju- I ~~+ACT 
LAND INVOLVED 
, 1NT,l..KE 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq./Kathetine W. Ezell, Esq. 
• 
I 
I 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
Allomcys (lfKoown) 
i 
~AY 
2009 
I 
W. Flagler St., Suite 800 
{_ 
_ I. _ j,, Jack A._ Goldberger, Esq., Atterbuf)f Gold erger, et al., 250 S. 'h 
lvfom; Fl 1111ft 
r'\0-f',i- so,s _,.,_ 
Australian Ave., #1400, West PalmjBeafl!l,lllN,~~!'!_~obe D. 
(d)Check C'ounty Where Action Arose: 
□MIAMI-DADE n MONROE ·o s.R )V~D _ ~ :_A~ BEACH 
CJ MARTIN 0 ST. LUCIE 0 l~D15\tl!IY~ll'Ull W>Ull('H'?_B¥J' 
H!GHI.ANDS 
D 
11. BASIS OF JURISDICTION 
(Place an "X" in One Box Only) 
Ill. CITIZENSHIP OF PRINCIPAL PARTIES1P1""" ··x·· lnO"" Box'°' P1,fo1lff 
{for Diversity Casts Only) 
and One Box for Dcfendanl) 
Cl I 
U.S. Government 
./J ' Federal Question 
PTF 
DEF 
PTF 
Dt:F 
Plaintiff 
(U.S. Government Not a Party) 
Cilizc:n of This Suite 
i;-
I 
e; I 
Jncorporaled or Principal Place 
I'.! 
Cl 4 
of Business In This Srate 
Cl 2 U.S. Government 
Cl 4 
Diversity 
Citilen of Another State 
Cl 
Cl 2 
Incorporated and Principal Place 
Cl 
Cl 5 
Defendant 
(Indicate Citizenship of Panics in Item Ill) 
of Business !n Another State 
Citizen or Subject of a 
Cl ' 
Cl 3 
Foreign N111ion 
Cl 
Cl 6 
Forei= Coum~ 
IV. NATURE OF SUIT lPlacean"X"inOneBoxOnl"' 
I 
C'"'NT 
T 
V 
u 
OTHE 
A 
T 
• 
I IO Insurance 
PERSONAL INJURY 
PERSONAL INJURY 
Cl 6!0Agriculture 
422 Appeal 28 USC' !58 
Cl 400 Stale Reapportionmenr 
120 Marine 
O 310 Airplane 
362 Personal Injury• 
Cl 620 Other Food & Drug 
423 Withdrawal 
Cl 410An1i1rust 
CJ 130 Miller Act 
CJ 315 Airplane Product 
Med. Matpraetice 
Cl 625 Drug Related Seizure 
USC 157 
Cl 430 Banks and Banking 
140 Negotiable htstrumenl 
Liability 
Cl 
365 Personal Injury -
of Property 21 USC' 881 
Cl 450 Commerce 
! SO Recovery of(.Werpayment 
320 Assault. Libel & 
Product Liability 
Cl 630 Liquor Laws 
Cl 460 Deponation 
& Enfoiu:ment of Judgment 
Slander 
Cl 
368 Asbestos. Persorial 
640 R.R. & Truck 
a 820 Copyrights 
Cl 470 Racketeer Influenced and 
O 15! Medicare Act 
330 Federal Employers' 
Injury Product 
Cl 650 Airline Regs, 
CJ 830 Patent 
Corrupt Organizations 
152 Recovery of Defaulted 
Liability 
Li~bility 
Cl 660 Occupational 
CJ 840 Trademarl< 
Cl 480 Consumer ('red it 
Student Loans 
340Marine 
PERSONAL PROPERTY 
Safety/Health 
490 Cable/Sat TV 
(Exel, Veterans) 
345 Marine Product 
no Other Fraud 
6900lher 
Cl 810 Selective Service 
153 Recovery ofOveipaymen! 
Liability 
Cl 
371 Truth in Lending 
IAL""EC 
Cl 850 SecuritiesiCommodities/ 
ofVeteran's Benefits 
a 350 Motor Vehicle 
r, 3800thc:r Personal 
Cl 710 Fair Labor Standards 
861 HJA ( 139Sfl) 
Exchange 
CJ 160S1ockholders' Suit..q 
355 Motor Vehicle 
Property Damage 
Act 
862 Black Lung (923) 
Cl 875 C'ustomerC'hallen&>e 
C:, 190 OthcrC'ontrac1 
Produci Liability 
385 Property Dainage 
Cl 720 Labor/Mgmt. Relations 
CJ 863 DlWCtDIWW (405(g)) 
USC 34!0 
O 195 Contract Product Liability 
360 Other Personal 
Product Liability 
Cl 730 Labor/Mgmt.Reporting 
864 SSID Tit;;!e:_; x,v1 
Cl 890 ◊1her Statutory Actions 
196 franchise 
lniurv 
& Disclosure Ac1 
865 RSJt40S 
Cl 891 AgricuUura! Acts 
I 
REA PROPERTY 
CIVIL RIGHTS 
PRISONER PET1Ttc· N~ Cl 740 Railway Labor Act 
FEDERAL TAX gilj'N-
Cl 892 Economic S1abili:r.a1ion Act 
210 Land Condemnation 
CJ 441 Voting 
Cl 
!O Motions to Vacate 
Cl 790 Other Labor Litigation 
CJ 870 'faxes {U.S. Plaintiff 
Cl 893 Environmental Matters 
a 220 Foreclosure 
n 442 Employment 
Sentence 
Cl 791 Empl. Ret. Inc. 
or Defendant) 
Cl 894 Energy Allocation Act 
O 230 Rent Lea~e & Ejt.-clment 
a 443 Housing/ 
Habeas Corpus: 
Security Act 
871 IRS-Third Party 
Cl 895 Freedom of lnfonnation 
" 
530General 
USC 7609 
Act 
a 240TonstoLand 
Accommodations 
O 245 Tort Product Liability 
CJ 444 Welfare 
Cl 
535 Death Penalty 
Cl 900Appeal ofFee Detennination 
290 All Other Real Property 
445 Airu:r. w/Disabilities • 
V. ORIGIN 
:71 J Original 
.,~ 
Proceeding 
F.mployni,cnl 
446 Amtr. w/Oisabililies • 
O,ho, 
CJ 440 Other CM\ Righls 
{Place an "X" in One Box Only) 
fJ 2 
Removed from 
O 3 
State Court 
VI. RELATED/RE-FILED 
CASE(S). 
{See instructions 
StX:ond page): 
Cl 
540 Mandamus & Other 
" 
SSOCivil Righls 
Cl 
555 f>rison Condition 
Rc-filed-
Reinstated or 0 
Reopened 
(see VI below) 
a) Re-filed Case Cl YES qJ NO 
JUDGE Kenneth A. Marra 
Cl 
Transferred from 
. . 
. 
S another district 
O 6 ~u_lt1d1str1ct 
(socci!)') 
L1t1gat10n 
b) Related Cases i;1YES ONO 
DOCKET 
NUMBER See Attached 
Under Equal Access 
to Justice 
950 Constitutionality of 
State Statutes 
7 
Appeal to Dis!rict 
Judge from 
Magistrate 
Jud.,.ment 
Cite the U.S. Civil Statute under which you are filing and Write a Brief Statement of Cause (Do not cite jurisdictional statutes unless 
diversity): 
VII. CAUSE OF 
ACTION 
VIII. REQUESTED IN 
COMPLAINT: 
I 8 U.S.C. 2255 (Predicate Statutes 18 U.S.C. 2422(b), 2423(b), 2423(c), 2251, 2252, 2252A(a)(I), 2252A(g)(I) 
LENGTH OF TRIAL via 4 
days estimated (for both sides to !ry entire case} 
CHECK IF THIS IS A CLASS ACl'ION 
DEMANDS 
CHECK YES only 1f demanded m comp!amt: 
UNDER F.R,C.P. 23 
JURY DEMAND, 
f~ Yes /Ef No 
ABOVE INFORMATION IS TRUE & CORRECT TO 
THE BEST OF MY KNOWLEDGE 
DATE 5} I 
FOROFJ<I EU__ 
G 0 
AMOUN1' » z so • RECEIPT# -v .ccAc6'_o __ 
c)'<:.-/o 1 /{>7 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 27 of
Case 9:09-cv-80656-KAM Document 1 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/04/2009 Page 27 of 27 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
WEST PALM BEACH DIVISION 
ATTACHMENT TO CIVIL COVER SHEET 
FOR: Jane Doe 101.v. Jeffrey Epstein 
VI: 
RELATED/RE-FIELD CASE(S): 
08-80069 
08-80119 
08-80232 
08-80380 
08-80381 
08-08804 
08-80811 
08-80893 
08-80993 
08-80994 
08-80469 
09-80591 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-10.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-11.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016-11.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 7
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ Qocument 3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/09/2009 P 
AO 91 Rev. S/85 Criminal Com Jaint A~ VILLAFANA 
...,, 
FILED by 
United States District Court 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
DEC - 1 2!ltl9 
STEVEN M. L.i\RIMORE. 
c1.uf:,; us. n1g1., er 
s.o. or FLA .• W.P.B. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
CRIMINAL COMPLAINT 
vs. 
ALFREDO RODRIGUEZ, 
CASE NUMBER: 09-8308-LRJ 
Defendant. 
-------------'/ 
I, the undersigned complainant, being duly sworn, state the following is true and correct to the best 
of my knowledge and belief. 
From at least as early as January 18, 2007, through on or about November 3, 2009, in Palm Beach 
County, in the Southern District of Florida, and elsewhere, the defendant, 
ALFREDO RODRIGUEZ, 
did corruptly conceal a record, document, or other object, with the intent to impair the object's availability 
for use in an official proceeding and otherwise corruptly obstructed or impeded an official proceeding, 
in violation of Title ..J.l!..., United States Code, Section 
1512(c) 
I further state that I am a 
Special Agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Complaint is based on the following facts: 
Continued on the attached and made a part hereof. 
ma J. Pryor, Special 
Federal Bureau oflnvestiga ·o 
Sworn to before me, and subscribed in my presence, 
upon my finding of probable cause. 
December ( 
. 2009 
at 
West Palm Beach. Florida 
Date 
LINNEA R. JOHNSON 
UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE 
Signature of Judi • 
1cer 
, and that this 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 7
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ Document 3 
~ 
Entered on FLSD Dock~2/09/2009 Page 2 of 7 
AFFIDAVIT 
I, Christina J. Pryor, being duly sworn, do state and attest as follows: 
1. 
I am a Special Agent with the Federal Bureau oflnvestigation (FBI) and have 
been so employed for three (3) months. I am currently assigned to the Safe Streets Task 
Force, Miami Field Division, FBI Squad PB-2. Prior to joining the Miami Field Division, 
I attended the FBI Academy in Quantico, Virginia, for five (5) months where I received 
training in federal criminal laws and investigation techniques, including the laws related to 
obstruction of justice. 
2. 
This affidavit is based upon my own personal knowledge of the facts and 
circumstances surrounding the investigation, and information provided to me by other law 
enforcement officers. This affidavit does not purport to contain all the information known 
to me about this case but addresses only that information necessary to support a finding of 
probable cause for the issuance of a criminal complaint charging Alfredo Rodriguez with 
obstruction of official proceedings, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 
1512(c). 
3. 
On October 27, 2009, agents of the FBI met with and interviewed a 
cooperating witness ("CW"). The CW reported that, while conducting discovery in a 
pending civil case before the United States District Court for the Southern District ofFlorida, 
he came into contact with Alfredo Rodriguez ("Rodriguez"), who was a subpoenaed witness 
in the civil case. 
4. 
Rodriguez had been interviewed by FBI agents on January 18, 2007, in 
connection with a federal criminal investigation into the sexual exploitation of minors. Prior 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 7
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ ~ument 3 
Entered on FLSD Dock~2/09/2009 Page 3 of 7 
to being interviewed by FBI, Rodriguez had also been contacted and interviewed by local 
police detectives, and had been asked to produce documents related to the criminal 
investigation. The civil litigation involving the CW related to civil damages claims made by 
victims of the criminal activity that formed the basis of the state and federal criminal 
investigations. 
5. 
The CW explained to agents that Rodriguez had been deposed under oath on 
two occasions. The first deposition occurred on July 27, 2009, and the second deposition 
was conducted on August 9, 2009. In connection with those depositions, Rodriguez was 
served with a subpoena duces tecum that called for the production of several types of 
documentary evidence. The CW was present for both depositions and Rodriguez testified 
that he had no documents responsive to the subpoena duces tecum. 
6. 
In August 2009, after the conclusion of the second deposition, the CW received 
a phone call from Rodriguez. Rodriguez informed the CW that he had additional information 
that he had not previously disclosed to any law enforcement agency or any of the civil 
attorneys. Rodriguez described the information as, the Holy Grail or Golden Nugget and 
explained that he had compiled lists of additional victims in the case and their contact 
information. Rodriguez explained that the information contained hundreds of additional 
victims and their phone numbers from diverse geographic locations, including New York, 
New Mexico, and Paris, France. 
7. 
Rodriguez asked the CW to pay him $50,000.00 and, in return, Rodriguez 
would tum over the documents relating to the victims. In his initial and subsequent 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 7
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ ~ument 3 
Entered on FLSD Dock~2/09/2009 Page 4 of 7 
communications with Rodriguez, the CW explained to Rodriguez that he was under 
subpoena to tum over such information and that it would be illegal for Rodriguez to demand 
money for turning over the information. Rodriguez persisted that he would only tum over 
the information in his possession in exchange for $50,000.00. 
8. 
On October 28, 2009, in a consensually-monitored phone call, the CW 
telephoned Rodriguez. 
Rodriguez again indicated that he would not tum over the 
information relating to the additional victims without monetary compensation. Rodriguez 
was told that an associate of the CW would be in touch with him regarding the information 
and exchange. The associate that the CW referred to was, in fact, an undercover employee 
(UCE) of the FBI. 
9. 
On October 29, 2009, the FBI UCE contacted Rodriguez via telephone. 
Rodriguez again explained that he would only tum over the information in exchange for 
monetary compensation. The UCE advised Rodriguez that it would take several days to 
acquire the funds and that once the funds were obtained, he/she would contact Rodriguez. 
During the conversation, Rodriguez admitted that he knew that the information was relevant 
to the FBI' s criminal investigation and was called for by the investigation. Rodriguez 
explained that he had not turned over the information to the FBI because: (1) it was his 
"property" and he should be compensated for it; and (2) he was afraid that the target of the 
investigation would make him "disappear" or otherwise harm him, and the information was 
his "insurance policy." 
10. 
On November 2, 2009, the UCE made contact with Rodriguez via telephone. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 7
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ Document 3 
Entered on FLSD Docket 12/09/2009 Page 5 of 7 
~ 
""" 
In that conversation, Rodriguez and the UCE continued the discussion regarding the purchase 
of the documents and scheduled a meeting for the following day. 
11. 
On November 3, 2009, Rodriguez met with the UCE at a predetermined 
location. During the meeting, Rodriguez produced a small bound book and several sheets 
of legal pad paper containing hand written notes. Rodriguez explained that he had taken the 
bound book from his former employer's residence while employed there in 2004 to 2005 and 
that the book had been created by persons working for his former employer. Rodriguez 
discussed in detail the information contained within the book, and identified important 
information to the UCE. In addition, Rodriguez admitted he had previously lied to FBI. 
Rodriguez asked the UCE about the $50,000.00, took possession of the money, and began 
counting it. 
12. 
Rodriguez was then detained for Obstruction of Official Proceedings, Title 18, 
U.S. Code, Section I 512( c ), and questioned. After Miranda warnings were administered by 
agents, Rodriguez waived his rights and signed a written waiver of those rights. Rodriguez 
admitted that he had the documents and book in his possession and had never turned them 
over to local law enforcement or the FBI. In addition, Rodriguez advised he had witnessed 
nude girls whom he believed were underage at the pool area of his former employer's home, 
knew that his former employer was engaging in sexual contact with underage girls, and had 
viewed pornographic images of underage girls on computers in his employer's home. 
Rodriguez was then released from custody for further investigation. 
I 3. 
The items that Rodriguez had attempted to sell to the UC for $50,000.00 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 7
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ Oocument 3 
Entered on FLSD Docke.:!J2/09/2009 Page 6 of 7 
w 
were reviewed by an agent familiar with the underlying criminal investigation. As Rodriguez 
had described, the items contained information material to the underlying investigation that 
would have been extremely useful in investigating and prosecuting the case, including the 
names and contact information of material witnesses and additional victims. Had those items 
been produced in response to the inquiries of the state law enforcement officers or the FBI 
Special Agents, their contents would have been presented to the federal grand jury. 
Based upon the foregoing, your affiant believes that probable cause exists to believe 
that, from at least as early as January 18, 2007 through on or about November 3, 2009, in 
Palm Beach County, in the Southern District of Florida, and elsewhere, Alfredo Rodriguez 
did corruptly conceal a record, document, or other object, with the intent to impair the 
object's availability for use in an official proceeding and otherwise corruptly obstructed or 
impeded an official proceeding, in violation ofTitle 18, United States Code, Section 1512( c ). 
FURTHER YOUR AFFIANT SA YETH NAUGHT. 
Sworn to and subscribed before me 
this _ _,___day of December, 2009. 
R. 
CH 
A J. PRYOR, 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF 
UNITED STAT s--MA<GISTRATE JUDGE 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 7
Case 9:09-mj-08308-LRJ Document 3 
~ 
Entered on FLSD Dock:J2l09/2009 Page 7 of 7 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 
09-8308-LRJ 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
vs. 
ALFREDO RODRIGUEZ, 
Defendant. 
I 
CRIMINAL COVER SHEET 
1. 
Did this matter originate from a matter pending in the Northern Region of the United 
States Attorney's Office prior to October 14, 2003? 
Yes _L No 
2. 
Did this matter originate from a matter pending in the Central Region of the United 
States Attorney's Office prior to September 1, 2007? ___ Yes _x_ No 
By: 
Respectfully submitted, 
JEFFREY H. SLOMAN 
ACTING UNI 
ST ATES ATTORNEY 
Assistant United States Attorney 
Florida Bar No. 0018255 
500 East Broward Boulevard, 7th Floor 
Ft Lauderdale, FL 33394 
Telephone: 954-660-5946 
Facsimile: 954-356-7230 
ann.marie.c. villafana@usdoj.gov 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-11.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-12.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016-12.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2,  
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,  
Defendant. 
____________________________________/ 
Related Cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092, 
____________________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE NO. 4’S MOTION FOR  
SANCTIONS AND MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER 
AND INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 4, by and through undersigned counsel, hereby files this Motion 
for Sanctions and Motion for Protective Order and Incorporated Memorandum of Law, and states 
as follows:   
1. 
By now, this Court is familiar with Jeffrey Epstein’s practice of intimidating and 
harassing his victims, as well as the Plaintiffs’ level of fear of Jeffrey Epstein.  See, e.g. Plaintiffs 
Jane Doe No. 101 and Jane Doe No. 102’s Motion for No-Contact Order (D.E. 113);  Plaintiffs 
Jane Does 2-7’s Response to Defendant’s Motion to Compel and/or Identify Plaintiffs in the 
Style of this Case  (D.E. 144); Plaintiffs Jane Does’ 2-7 Motion for Protective Order and 
Incorporated Memorandum of Law (D.E. 223); Plaintiffs Jane Doe Nos. 2-8’s Motion for 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 1 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 17

Protective Order as to Jeffrey Epstein’s Attendance at Deposition of Plaintiffs, and Incorporated 
Memorandum of Law (D.E. 292); Affidavit of Dr. Kliman (D.E. 223, Exh. A). 
2. 
On September 16, 2009, Jeffrey Epstein’s conduct reached a new low when he 
recklessly violated (i) this Court’s No-Contact Order dated July 31, 2009; and (2) a written 
stipulation between the parties that Jeffrey Epstein would not attend the deposition of Jane Doe 
No. 4 or be seen by Jane Doe No. 4 while attending her deposition. 
3. 
Prior to the deposition of Jane Doe No. 4, the Plaintiffs filed a Motion for 
Protective Order to preclude Jeffrey Epstein from attending the depositions of the Plaintiffs.   
The Motion was filed for the specific purpose of preventing Jeffrey Epstein from intimidating or 
harassing the Plaintiffs as he has repeatedly done in the past.  As the Motion had not been 
adjudicated prior to the deposition of Jane Doe No. 4, Plaintiff’s counsel stipulated with defense 
counsel that “Jeffrey Epstein will not attend the deposition of Jane Doe No. 4.”  It was further 
stipulated that Jeffrey Epstein may listen to the deposition by telephone or view a videofeed of 
the deposition, but under no circumstances was he to be seen by our client while attending the 
deposition.  (See Exhibit “C”, email of September 15, 2009).  These were express conditions 
agreed to by counsel before Jane Doe No. 4 would appear for deposition on September 16, 2009.  
4. 
The deposition of Jane Doe No. 4 was scheduled for 1:00 p.m. on September 16, 
2009 at 350 Australian Ave South, Suite 115, West Palm Beach, Florida. 
5. 
At approximately 1:00 p.m. on September 16, 2009, Jane Doe No. 4 and her 
counsel were walking in the lobby of 350 Australian Ave South, Suite 115, West Palm Beach, 
Florida, toward the ground-floor conference room where her deposition was to be held.1
Defendant’s counsel set the deposition of Jane Doe No. 4 for the same office building where 
Jeffrey Epstein has an office. 
  Just a 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 2 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 17

few feet away from this conference room, Jeffrey Epstein crossed paths with Jane Doe No. 4. 
Jeffrey Epstein stopped walking and began staring at her.  He intimidated her until she began to 
cry.  Jeffrey Epstein made no immediate attempt to walk away from our client.  Instead, he 
stopped and continued to stare at her until she ran away.  Jeffrey Epstein was accompanied by 
what appeared to be his bodyguard.  See Declaration of Adam Horowitz, counsel for Jane Doe 
No. 4, Exhibit “A”. 
6. 
Jane Doe No. 4 became an emotional wreck upon being stared at by Jeffrey 
Epstein, whom she believed she would not encounter.   After attempting to console his client, 
Plaintiff’s counsel cancelled the deposition after a brief discussion with defense counsel about 
the events that occurred in the lobby. See Transcript of Deposition of Jane Doe No. 4, Exhibit 
“B”. 
7. 
Jeffrey Epstein’s contact with and intimidation of Jane Doe No. 4 is in direct 
violation of this Court’s No-Contact Order dated July 31, 2009.  In that Order, this Court stated 
that Jeffrey Epstein shall have no “direct or indirect contact” with the Plaintiffs. (D.E. 238). 
8. 
The July 31, 2009 Order mirrored the June 30, 2008 criminal sentence entered by 
Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge Deborah Dale Pucillio, wherein she instructed Jeffrey Epstein 
that he shall have “no direct or indirect contact” with the Plaintiffs. (D.E. 238) 
9. 
There can be no doubt that Jeffrey Epstein knew where Jane Doe No. 4 
would be at 1 p.m. on September 16, 2009.  Of all of the places he could have been, he chose 
to be at the location of her deposition in flagrant disregard of two (2) No-Contact Orders 
and the stipulation of the parties in this case.  Even worse, when he saw Jane Doe No. 4, he 
chose to stop and stare her down to the point of intimidation until she began to cry and flee.   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 3 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 17

10. 
This Court has discretion to enter a protective order to protect a party from 
annoyance, embarrassment or oppression.  Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(c).  In this regard, the Court has 
discretion for cause shown to, inter alia, designate the persons who may attend depositions, and 
specify the time and place of discovery.  Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(c)(1)(A) and (E).  Additionally, this 
Court has authority to sanction a party for civil contempt for violating the terms of a court order. 
See Sizzler Family Steak Houses v. Western Sizzlin Steak House, Inc., 793 F.2d 1529, 1534-35 
(11th Cir. 1986) (attorneys’ fees may be awarded for civil contempt in failure to comply with 
court order).   
11. 
Jeffrey Epstein is a felon and registered sex offender.  Judicial oversight, at 
Jeffrey Epstein’s expense, is required to keep his conduct under control.   
12. 
Given Jeffrey Epstein’s violation of this Court’s No-Contact Order and the 
written stipulation of the parties, appropriate sanctions and other relief are necessary to 
compensate Plaintiff Jane Doe No. 4 and prevent future misconduct by Defendant Epstein.  
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 4, respectfully requests (1) an award of sanctions, 
including attorneys’ fees and costs reasonably and necessarily incurred by Plaintiff due to 
Defendant’s non-compliance with the Court’s No-Contact Order; (2) an Order excusing Jane 
Doe No. 4 from her deposition on September 16, 2009, due to Defendant’s violation of the No-
Contact Order and defense counsel’s breach of his promise to Plaintiff’s counsel that Defendant 
would not be seen at Plaintiff’s deposition; (3) an order directing that any depositions of 
Plaintiffs in the future be at a court reporter’s office selected by Plaintiffs’ counsel; (4) 
appointment of a special master to preside at Plaintiffs’ depositions and control the proceeding, 
to be paid for by Defendant; and (5)  all other relief as this Court deems just and appropriate. 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 4 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 17

CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL RULE 7.1.A.3 
Undersigned counsel has conferred with Defendant’s counsel in a good faith effort to 
resolve the issues raised in this motion, and has been unable to do so. 
Dated: September 17, 2009. 
Respectfully submitted,  
By: 
s/ Adam D. Horowitz   
Stuart S. Mermelstein (FL Bar No. 947245) 
ssm@sexabuseattorney.com   
Adam D. Horowitz (FL Bar No. 376980) 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami, Florida  33160 
Tel:  (305) 931-2200 
Fax: (305) 931-0877 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on September 17, 2009, I electronically filed the foregoing document 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing document is being 
served this day to all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either via 
transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized 
manner for those parties who are not authorized to receive electronically Notices of Electronic 
Filing. 
            /s/ Adam D. Horowitz      
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 5 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 17

SERVICE LIST 
DOE vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq.  
jgoldberger@agwpa.com  
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcritton@bclclaw.com   
Bradley James Edwards 
bedwards@rra-law.com   
Isidro Manuel Garcia  
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net  
Jack Patrick Hill  
jph@searcylaw.com 
Katherine Warthen Ezell  
KEzell@podhurst.com 
Michael James Pike 
MPike@bclclaw.com   
Paul G. Cassell  
cassellp@law.utah.edu  
Richard Horace Willits  
lawyerwillits@aol.com   
Robert C. Josefsberg 
rjosefsberg@podhurst.com   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 6 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 17

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 1 of 2
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 17
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRNJOHNSON 
Defendant. 
-----------------'/ 
Related Cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993,08-80811,08-80893,09-80469, 
09-80591,09-80656,09-80802,09-81092, 
________________ ./ 
DECLARATION OF ADAM D. HOROWITZ 
1. 
My name is Adam D. Horowitz. I am an attorney for Jane Doe No. 4. 
2. 
The deposition of Jane Doe No. 4 was scheduled for September 16, 2009 at 1:00 
p.m. at 350 Australian Ave. South, Suite 115, West Palm Beach, Florida. On the day before the 
deposition, the undersigned and counsel for Jeffrey Epstein entered into a written stipulation in 
which it was agreed that "Jeffrey Epstein will not attend tomorrow's deposition of Jane Doe No. 
(in the absence of a court order permitting him to attend)." It was further agreed that Jeffrey 
Epstein may listen in to the deposition by telephone or view a videofeed of the deposition, but 
under no circumstances would he "be seen by our client." 
3. 
While Jane Doe No. 4 and I were in the lobby of 350 Australian Ave South at 
approximately 1:00 p.m. for her deposition on September 16, 2009, we crossed paths with 
Jeffrey Epstein and someone who appeared to be his bodyguard. 
Jeffrey Epstein stopped 
EXHIBIT 
A 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 2 of 2
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 17
walking and began to stare at and intimidate Jane Doe No. 4. Jane Doe No. 4 was terrified, 
began crying and ran outside the building. Jeffrey Epstein smirked at her and walked away. 
4. 
As a result of this incident, Jane Doe began crying uncontrollably and was unable 
to proceed with her deposition. 
Under penalties of perjury I declare that I have read the foregoing Declaration and the 
facts stated in it are true. 
Dated: September fl, 2009 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306-2    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 1 of 8
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 17
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO. 
08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO.2, 
Plaintiff, 
-vs-
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
________________________________________ ! 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 
08-80993, 
09-80591, 
08-08380, 
08-80811, 
09-80656, 
08-80381, 
08-80893, 
09-80802, 
08-80994, 
09-80469, 
09-81092 
_________________________________________ ! 
DEPOSITION OF JANE DOE #4 
Wednesday, September 16, 2009 
1:03 -
1:08 p.m. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 115 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
Reported By: 
Cynthia Hopkins, RPR, 
FPR 
Notary Public, State of Florida 
Prose Court Reporting 
EXHIBIT 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306-2    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 2 of 8
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of
APPEARANCES: 
On behalf of the Plaintiff: 
ADAM D. 
HOROWITZ, 
ESQUIRE 
MERMELSTEIN 
& HOROWITZ, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, 
Phone: 
Florida 
33160 
305.931.2200 
On behalf of the Defendant: 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQUIRE 
MARKT. LUTTIER, ESQUIRE 
BURMAN, 
CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN, 
LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 
Phone: 
561.842.2820 
33401 
On behalf of Jeffrey Epstein: 
JACK ALAN GOLDBERGER, 
ATTERBURY, 
GOLDBERGER 
250 Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
ESQUIRE 
& WEISS, 
South 
P.A. 
West Palm Beach, Florida 
Phone: 
561.659.8300 
33401-5012 
On behalf of LM and EW: 
WILLIAM J. BERGER, 
ESQUIRE 
ROTHSTEIN, 
ROSENFELDT, 
ADLER 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 
Phone: 
954.522.3456 
On behalf of CMA: 
JACK P. HILL, ESQUIRE 
SEARCY, 
DENNEY, 
SCAROLA, 
BARNHART 
& SHIPLEY, P.A. 
33301 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, Florida 
33409 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306-2    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 3 of 8
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of
APPEARNCES CONTINUED ... 
On behalf of BB: 
ADAM J. LANGINO, 
ESQUIRE 
LEOPOLD KUVIN 
2925 PGA Boulevard 
Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 
Phone: 
561.515.1400 
33410 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306-2    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 4 of 8
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of
P R O C E E D I N G S 
MR. 
HOROWITZ: 
Adam Horowitz, counsel for 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe 4 . 
EW . 
MR. 
CRITTON: 
Cindy, what time is it? 
THE COURT REPORTER: 
It is 1:03. 
MR. BERGER: 
William J. Berger for LM and 
MR. HILL: 
Jack Hill for CMA. 
MR. 
LANGINO: 
Adam Langino from 
Leopold Kuvin on behalf of BB. 
MR. 
LUTTIER: 
Mark Luttier on behalf of 
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman for the 
Defendant. 
MR. 
CRITTON: 
Robert Critton on behalf of 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein. 
MR. 
HOROWITZ: 
This is Adam Horowitz. 
We're canceling today's deposition. 
Before 
appearing here today, we had a stipulation with 
Defense counsel that Mr. Jeffrey Epstein, the 
Defendant, would not be here. 
He would not 
cross paths with our client. 
And immediately as we were approaching the 
deposition room, he made face-to-face contact 
with our client. 
He was just feet away from 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306-2    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 5 of 8
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of
her and intimidated her, and for that reason 
we're not going forward. 
MR. 
CRITTON: 
I didn't see any contact 
because I, obviously, was not out there. 
We 
started at about 
when you came in it was 
approximately 1:03. 
Mr. Epstein has an office 
here at the Florida Science Foundation. 
Had 
you been here at 1:00, your paths never would 
have crossed because Mr. Epstein was leaving 
the building. 
I instructed him to leave the 
building so that he would not be here. 
He was going to appear by way of Skype so 
that he could be on a video camera so that he 
could see this . 
(Mr. 
MR. 
Goldberger entered the room.) 
CRITTON: 
Had you been here on time, 
and not faulting, I am just saying had you been 
here on time at 1:00, as everyone else seemed 
to be here at least get here before you did, 
Adam, you and your client, your paths never 
would have crossed . 
I directed Mr. Epstein to leave the 
building so he would not be here so that there 
would be no way that your paths could have 
crossed. 
It was neither my intent nor was it 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306-2    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 6 of 8
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of
my client's intent specifically , because I also 
advised him that he was not to cross paths, not 
to have any contact with your client, and 
certainly by our agreement not to be here today 
for the deposition. 
MR. 
HOROWITZ: 
And at approximately 1:00 
is exactly when my client crossed paths with 
Jeffrey Epstein. 
And not only did he cross 
paths but he proceeded to stare her down just 
feet away from her. 
For that reason she became 
an emotional wreck and cannot proceed with the 
deposition. 
She's simply not in an emotional 
state to do so. 
And in addition Mr. Epstein violated the 
agreement between counsel that he would not 
cross paths or come into contact with our 
client . 
And it will be also for the criminal 
court judge to decide whether he has violated a 
no-contact order. 
MR. 
CRITTON: 
I have nothing else to say. 
Again I instructed 
Mr. Epstein to leave the building so absolutely 
no contact could occur between he and 
Mr. Horowitz and his client nor anyone else. 
Until the court, until either Judge Marra or 
Judge Johnson ruled on the issue as to whether 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306-2    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 7 of 8
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 15 of
or not he could appear at the depositions of 
not only Jane Doe 4 but any other individuals, 
so you do what you need to do. 
MR. 
HOROWITZ: 
Off the record. 
(The Deposition was concluded.) 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306-2    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 8 of 8
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 16 of
C E R T I 
F I 
C A T E 
STATE OF FLORIDA 
COUNTY OF PALM BEACH 
I, Cynthia Hopkins, Registered Professional 
Reporter and Florida Professional Reporter, State of 
Florida at large, certify that I was authorized to 
and did stenographically report the foregoing 
proceedings and that the transcript is a true and 
complete record of my stenographic notes. 
Dated this 16th day of September, 2009. 
Cynthia Hopkins, RPR, FPR 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 306-3    Entered on FLSD Docket 09/17/2009   Page 1 of 1
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 17 of
Page 1 of2 
Adam Horowitz 
From: 
Adam Horowitz 
Sent: 
Tuesday, September 15, 2009 11 :43 AM 
To: 
'Michael J. Pike'; 'Robert D. Critton Jr.' 
Cc: 
Stuart Mermelstein 
Subject: Jane Does v. Epstein 
Please allow this to confirm that Jeffrey Epstein will not attend tomorrow's deposition of Jane Doe No. 4 (in the 
absence of a Court order permitting him to attend). We understand you may wish to have your client listen in by 
telephone or view a videofeed of the deposition, but will not be seen by our client. 
Regards, 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
www. sexabuseattorney. com 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
Tel: (305) 931-2200 
Fax: (305) 931-08n 
EXHIBIT 
I C 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-12.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-13.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016-13.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 3,  
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,  
Defendant. 
____________________________________/ 
Related Cases: 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092, 
____________________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE NO. 3’s MOTION FOR  
SANCTIONS, MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER, 
AND INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 3, by and through undersigned counsel, hereby files this Motion 
for Sanctions, Motion for Protective Order, and Incorporated Memorandum of Law, and states as 
follows:   
1. 
Plaintiffs in these cases have previously brought to this Court’s attention Jeffrey 
Epstein’s pattern of intimidating and harassing his victims, as well as the Plaintiffs’ fear of 
Jeffrey Epstein.  See, e.g., Plaintiffs Jane Doe No. 101 and Jane Doe No. 102’s Motion for No-
Contact Order (D.E. 113);  Plaintiffs Jane Does 2-7’s Response to Defendant’s Motion to 
Compel and/or Identify Plaintiffs in the Style of this Case  (D.E. 144); Plaintiffs Jane Does’ 2-7 
Motion for Protective Order and Incorporated Memorandum of Law (D.E. 223); Plaintiffs Jane 
Doe Nos. 2-8’s Motion for Protective Order as to Jeffrey Epstein’s Attendance at Deposition of 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-13   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 8

Plaintiffs, and Incorporated Memorandum of Law (D.E. 292); Affidavit of Dr. Kliman (D.E. 223, 
Exh. A); Jane Doe No. 4’s Motion for Sanctions and Motion for Protective Order (D.E. 306); 
Order, dated October 23, 2009 (D.E. 369) (forbidding Epstein from attending Jane Doe No. 4’s 
deposition); Omnibus Order (forbidding Epstein’s attorneys from repetitive and abusive 
questioning during Plaintiffs’ depositions) (D.E. 433).  
2. 
Jane Doe No. 4 previously brought to this Court’s attention that Epstein attended 
her deposition in violation of this Court’s No-Contact Order (D.E. 238), a nearly identical No-
Contact Order entered by the Court in Epstein’s criminal prosecution, and a stipulation between 
the parties that Epstein would not appear at her deposition.   
3. 
Yet again, on November 24, 2009, Defendant Epstein flagrantly violated multiple 
Orders of this Court when he deliberately presented himself at the location of Jane Doe No. 3’s 
medical examination pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 35 (the “IME”).  At that time, he terrorized Jane 
Doe No. 3 by crossing paths with her in a place and at a time when he must have known that his 
presence was forbidden by Court Order.   
4. 
Epstein’s counsel served the Notice of Jane Doe No. 3’s IME on October 30, 
2009.  The Notice included the date and location of Jane Doe No. 3’s IME, 250 S. Australian 
Avenue, West Palm Beach.  The Notice stated that the IME would start at 9 am and last until 
approximately 5:30 p.m.  A Court Order required the Plaintiff to submit to eight hours of 
evaluation.  Jane Doe No. 3 was the fifth plaintiff to undergo her IME.  All of the previous IMEs 
lasted until later than 6:15 p.m.  Therefore, Epstein and his counsel knew where Jane Doe No. 3 
would be on November 24, 2009, and that she would be there between 9:00 am and sometime 
around 6:15 p.m.  Epstein, therefore, must have known that there was a fair chance he would 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-13   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 8

encounter Jane Doe No. 3 on November 24, 2009, at the address where his attorney had 
scheduled the IME. 
5. 
On November 5, 2009, this Court entered a Joint Agreed Order, which stated that 
“Defendant Jeffrey Epstein will not attend the IMEs or make himself seen by Plaintiffs on the 
date of their IMEs.” (D.E. 401) (emphasis added).  It was Epstein’s responsibility to ensure his  
compliance with this Order.  The Order further provided that the IMEs of Jane Doe Nos. 2-8 
would take place at a “mutually agreeable location,” and not at the office of Epstein’s counsel.   
6. 
Pursuant to the November 5, 2009 Order, Jane Doe No. 3 appeared at her IME.  
During a brief recess in the IME, Jane Doe No. 3 and her attorney were outside the office 
building where the IME was taking place, 250 S. Australian Ave., West Palm Beach.1  As in the 
other Plaintiffs’ IMEs that took place over a two-week period, Jane Doe No. 3 took a short break 
approximately every two hours when it was time to change the videotape in the camera recording 
the IME.2
7. 
While Jane Doe No. 3 and her counsel, Jessica Arbour, were sitting on a bench 
just outside the foyer of the office building, Defendant Epstein exited the building.  When he 
encountered Jane Doe No. 3 and her attorney, he made no attempt to stop, change his direction, 
or return to the building without Jane Doe No. 3 seeing him, despite having ample opportunity to 
avoid them.  
  It was during the last break of the day that Defendant Epstein crossed paths with Jane 
Doe No. 3, in violation of multiple Court Orders. 
See
This is the same building where Defendant Epstein crossed paths with Jane Doe No. 4 on the 
date of her deposition. (See D.E. 306).   
 Affidavit of Jessica Arbour, attached as Exhibit “A”.    
At the beginning of each IME, the Defendant’s expert advised all of the Plaintiffs, including 
Jane Doe No. 3, that she was allowed to take “smoke breaks” any time she would like.  
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-13   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 8

8. 
Epstein crossed in front of Jane Doe No. 3, approximately 5-7 feet from her.  Jane 
Doe No. 3 immediately reacted in a terrified, emotional manner that included screaming and 
crying.  Her attorney physically removed her from Defendant Epstein’s vicinity and into the 
safety of the building’s lobby.  Jane Doe No. 3’s reaction was so emotional that the security 
guard on duty and several onlookers appeared quite concerned.  (See
9. 
Epstein does not dispute that he encountered Jane Doe No. 3 and her attorney.   
 Exh. “A” ¶¶ 7-11).   
See
10. 
Jane Doe No. 3 was eventually calmed enough to be taken back to the office 
where her IME was being conducted, but was too distraught to continue her IME.  At that point, 
Jane Doe No. 3’s counsel terminated the IME.   
 Exhibit B. He does not dispute that he recognized them.   
11. 
At no time were Plaintiff or her counsel made aware that Defendant Epstein 
would be in the building when any of the Plaintiffs would be present for their IMEs.  Indeed, 
Plaintiffs reasonably expected that this Court’s prior orders and the threat of sanctions would be 
a sufficient deterrent to keep Epstein away. 
12. 
Defendant Epstein’s ostensible full-time employer, the Florida Science 
Foundation, is no longer located in the building where the IMEs took place.  The company was 
administratively dissolved several months ago, approximately the same time that his court-
ordered work-release program with the foundation ended.  As a result, it would appear that 
Epstein had no legitimate purpose in the building at 250 S. Australian Ave. on November 24, 
2009.  Indeed, he was dressed in an oversized sweatsuit that would not be appropriate for any 
professional environment.  (Arbour Aff., Exh. “A”, ¶14).  The reason for his presence in the 
building has never been explained to Jane Doe No. 3’s counsel.  
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-13   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 8

13. 
In addition to violating the Agreed Order (D.E. 401), Epstein’s conduct recklessly 
or intentionally violated (i) this Court’s No-Contact Order dated July 31, 2009 (D.E. 238), in 
which he was specifically instructed to have no “direct or indirect contact” with Jane Doe No. 3 
or any other plaintiff; and (2) the July 31, 2008, no-contact Order entered by the Court in his 
criminal matter arising from the sexual assaults of numerous underage girls, including Jane Doe 
No. 3.  The July 31, 2009 Order mirrored the June 30, 2008 criminal sentence entered by Palm 
Beach Circuit Court Judge Deborah Dale Pucillio, wherein she instructed Jeffrey Epstein that he 
shall have “no direct or indirect contact” with the Plaintiffs. (D.E. 238). 
14. 
Jane Doe No. 3 agrees to attend the remaining two hours of her IME in order to 
comply fully with this Court’s Order on the IME length.  However, a protective order 
specifically barring the continuation of the IME from occurring anywhere not previously agreed 
upon by Plaintiff’s counsel is necessary to ensure that Defendant Epstein will not be given 
another opportunity to traumatize Jane Doe No. 3.  Given the violation of the prior Orders as 
well as a prior similar incident at the deposition of Jane Doe No. 4, a more drastic measure is 
now necessary to protect Jane Doe No. 3 from Epstein.     
15. 
Furthermore, Jane Doe No. 3 seeks sanctions against Defendant Epstein for the 
violation of not one, but three court orders designed to protect Plaintiffs from the exact conduct 
in which Defendant Epstein engaged.  This Court has authority to sanction a party for civil 
contempt for violating the terms of a court order. See Sizzler Family Steak Houses v. Western 
Sizzlin Steak House, Inc., 793 F.2d 1529, 1534-35 (11th Cir. 1986) (attorneys’ fees may be 
awarded for civil contempt in failure to comply with court order).  Additionally, sanctions for 
violation of multiple court orders are an appropriate exercise of judicial oversight.   
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-13   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 8

16. 
Given Jeffrey Epstein’s violation of this Court’s No-Contact Order and the 
Agreed Order, appropriate sanctions and other relief are necessary to compensate Plaintiff Jane 
Doe No. 3.  
17. 
Prior to filing this Motion, Plaintiff’s counsel conferred with Jeffrey Epstein’s 
counsel in an attempt to reach an agreement as to the relief requested.   No agreement was 
reached. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff, Jane Doe No. 3, respectfully requests (1) an award of sanctions, 
including attorneys’ fees and costs reasonably and necessarily incurred by Plaintiff due to 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein’s violation of the Court’s No-Contact Order (D.E. 238) and Agreed 
Order (D.E. 401); (2) an Order requiring that the remaining two hours of Jane Doe No. 3’s IME 
take place at a mutually agreeable location in a city other than West Palm Beach, with Defendant 
Epstein responsible for all costs above and beyond those originally contemplated by this Court in 
its Nov. 5 Order; and (3)  all other relief as this Court deems just and appropriate. 
Undersigned counsel has conferred with Defendant’s counsel in a good faith effort to 
resolve the issues raised in this motion, and has been unable to do so. 
CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL RULE 7.1.A.3 
Dated: January 4, 2010 
Respectfully submitted,  
By: 
s/ Adam D. Horowitz   
Stuart S. Mermelstein (FL Bar No. 947245) 
ssm@sexabuseattorney.com   
Adam D. Horowitz (FL Bar No. 376980) 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
MERMELSTEIN & HOROWITZ, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218 
Miami, Florida  33160 
Tel:  (305) 931-2200 
Fax: (305) 931-0877 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-13   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 8

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on January 4, 2010, I electronically filed the foregoing document 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing document is being 
served this day to all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either via 
transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized 
manner for those parties who are not authorized to receive electronically Notices of Electronic 
Filing. 
            /s/ Adam D. Horowitz      
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-13   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 8

SERVICE LIST 
DOE vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq.  
jgoldberger@agwpa.com  
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcritton@bclclaw.com 
Bradley James Edwards 
brad@pathtojustice.com    
Isidro Manuel Garcia  
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net  
Jack Patrick Hill  
jph@searcylaw.com 
Katherine Warthen Ezell  
KEzell@podhurst.com 
Michael James Pike 
MPike@bclclaw.com   
Paul G. Cassell  
cassellp@law.utah.edu  
Richard Horace Willits  
lawyerwillits@aol.com   
Robert C. Josefsberg 
rjosefsberg@podhurst.com   
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16-13   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 8


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016-13.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 016.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
M.J.,   
CASE NO.  9:10-CV-81111-WPD 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, and 
SARAH KELLEN,  
Defendants. 
_________________________________/ 
M.J.’S MOTION FOR A PROTECTIVE ORDER BARRING DIRECT OR INDIRECT 
CONTACT BY EPSTEIN 
COMES NOW M.J. to ask for a protective order, barring direct or indirect contact 
by Epstein (including any contact by “private investigators”) unless first approved by the 
Court after notice to and a hearing with M.J..  Epstein is a registered sex offender, who 
should not have contact with any of the victims of his sexual assaults – including M.J..  
Moreover, in a prior court case quite similar to M.J.’s, Epstein has directly harassed 
victims of his abuse through the device of sending “private investigators” to do his 
harassment.  Accordingly, the Court should forbid any such direct or indirect contact 
without prior approval of the Court.  
BACKGROUND 
Previous Protective Orders  
Epstein has pled guilty to state sex charges on June 30, 2008.  When he pled 
guilty before Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge Deborah Dale Pucillo, she ordered 
Epstein “not to have any contact, direct or indirect” with any victims.  She also expressly 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 10

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
stated that her no-contact order applied to “all of the victims.”   The relevant transcripts 
are attached as Exhibit 1.   
To avoid any uncertainty about the scope of this state court order, several of the 
plaintiff/victims with other suits pending against Epstein before this Court filed a motion 
for an order prohibiting defendant or his agents from communicating with them directly 
or indirectly.  (Case No. 9:08-cv-80119, DE 113.) Exhibit 2. Epstein opposed these 
requests as “needless, unwarranted and excessive.”   DE 127 at 5. Exhibit 3 This 
Court, however, firmly overruled Epstein’s objections.  On July 31, 2009, this Court 
(Marra, J.) entered its own no-contact order (in addition to the state court order), ruling: 
In light of Defendant’s response to Plaintiff’s motion for no contact order, 
suggesting that the state court’s order only applies to some victims and 
that parties are always allowed to contact each other directly, the Court 
finds it necessary to state clearly that Defendant is under this court’s order 
not to have direct or indirect contact with any plaintiffs, regardless of the 
intended scope of the state court court’s order.   
Order, Case No. 9:08-cv-80119, DE 238, at 4-5 (emphasis added).  Exhibit 4 
As one of the victim’s (Jane Doe’s) case approached trial, this Court ordered 
Jane Doe to attend a settlement conference on July 6, 2010.  Jane Doe had concerns 
that the upcoming settlement conference, demanded by Epstein, was going to be used 
to harass and intimidate her.  See Plaintiff Jane Doe’s Motion for Modification of 
Magistrate Judge Palermo’s Order Schedule settlement Conference, Case No. 9:08-cv-
80893, DE 187.  Exhibit 5.  After a response from Epstein (DE 191), the Court modified 
its order regarding the settlement conference to avoid harassment of Jane Doe.  
Significantly, in the final paragraph, the Court (Palermo, J.), starkly commanded: 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 10

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
The parties are instructed not to communicate, speak or harass one 
another in any way.  Any violation of this Order will not be tolerated.  The 
parties are instructed to GOVERN THEMSELVES ACCORDINGLY. 
Case no. 9:08-cv-80893, DE 193 at 2 (italic added, capitalization in original).  Exhibit 6 
Intimidating Activities Against Jane Doe on the Evening of July 1, 2010 
In spite of three court orders forbidding contact and harassment of victims – 
including Jane Doe, the plaintiff in case No. 9:08-cv-80893 -- Epstein showed his 
unwillingness to follow the rules.  On the evening of July 1, 2010, sometime after the 
issuance of Judge Palermo’s order, Jane Doe left her house to go to the store and 
noticed a car (Infiniti SUV, license tag T-KNOLZ) following her everywhere she went.  
Feeling frightened, she pulled into a driveway in a nearby neighborhood at one point to 
allow the car to proceed past her, but the car pulled into the neighborhood and stopped 
nearby.  It was clear the person in the car was following her and was intentionally 
making his presence known.  Jane Doe pulled out of the driveway and headed home, 
with this other car tailing close behind.  Once Jane Doe arrived to her house, she went 
inside and the person following in the Infiniti parked across the street outside her home.  
Jane Doe called her attorney expressing her fear and asking what could be done to 
protect her.  She observed that the car kept creeping closer to her home every once in 
awhile. 
This intimidation of Jane Doe was so serious that, alerted by Jane Doe’s counsel, 
a retired police officer called the police.  The police responded to Jane Doe’s home and 
confronted the man in the car.  The man told the police that he was “private 
investigator.”  However he would not tell the police who had hired him, only that he was 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 10

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
hired to “watch” Jane Doe.  The name of the investigator appears to be Thaddeus 
Knowles.  The police reported these facts to Jane Doe, but advised her that they did not 
have a legal basis to order him to leave the public street.   
Counsel for Jane Doe then arranged for the retired police officer to go to Jane 
Doe’s home.  This retired officer arrived at Jane Doe’s home at approximately 10 p.m.  
He immediately saw a car parked 25 feet from Jane Doe’s home, facing her home.  He 
also observed the purported “private investigator” in the car intermittently flashing his 
high beam lights into Jane Doe’s home.  The investigator was also intermittently 
attempting to videotape anyone inside the home.  The retired police officer took 
videotapes of the investigator lighting up the interior of the home with his high beam 
lights, and also took photographs of this harassing action as well.   The videotape and 
photographs could be provided quickly to the Court upon request. 
After consulting with Jane Doe, the retired police officer determined that Jane 
Doe felt like a prisoner in her own home and that she believed her physical safety was 
threatened if she remained there.  She further believed that this intimidation was being 
orchestrated by defendant Epstein.  Jane Doe was not involved in other litigation and is 
not aware of any other person who would want to do something like this to her.  Also, in 
the previous 48 hours, Jane Doe had received telephone calls from two ex-boyfriends 
that investigators were at their homes, knocking on their doors and trying to talk to them 
about Jane Doe – apparently because of this case.   
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 10

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
In light of Jane Doe’s concerns, the retired police officer believed that it was best 
to take Jane Doe from her home.  He advised Jane Doe to pack a suitcase and leave 
the home with him. 
At approximately 10:30 p.m., the retired police officer then took Jane Doe in his 
car and pulled up next to the “private investigator.”  The retired police officer advised the 
investigator that Jane Doe was leaving the home to go to another location and that he 
should not attempt to follow them.  Nonetheless, the investigator attempted to follow the 
retired police officer as they drove away from Jane Doe’s home. The retired police 
officer then took evasive action and was able to elude his pursuer. 
  As a result of these activities, Jane Doe felt very threatened.  She knew that she 
was followed for much of the day.  She also knew that this was not surreptitious 
surveillance by someone who was trying to discovery something about her, but rather 
quite visible surveillance by someone whose manifest intent was to make sure that she 
knew she was being followed.   Thus, when she pulled over, he pulled over; when she 
parked, he parked visibly close by.  The only reason for such activities could be to 
intimidate her on the eve of the court-ordered mediation.  It may also be worth noting 
that Jane Doe was a petite young woman, physically smaller and younger than the male 
private investigator who has been following her.   
Jane Doe went into the protective custody of her attorneys and was hidden at a 
secure location.  On the afternoon of Friday, July 2, 2010 (shortly before the 4th of July 
weekend), Jane Doe filed a Emergency Motion for A Hearing, Finding That Epstein is in 
Civil Contempt of the Court’s Two Orders Forbidding Harassment and Indirect Contact, 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 10

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
For Appropriate Sanctions and Additional Remedies Including Referral for Criminal 
Contempt.  Case No. 9:08-Cv-80893,  Exhibit 7.   
Other Intimidation of Victims and Witnesses By Epstein 
The Court should be aware that the intimidation of Jane Doe was not the first 
time Epstein used scare tactics to intimidate victims and witnesses.  Indeed, as the 
Court is aware, despite numerous civil suits being filed against Epstein for sexual 
abuse, none of the victims in those cases have felt able to proceed to trial.  Counsel for 
Jane Doe have been advised that many of these victims were afraid to take their cases 
all the way to trial.   
In determining where to enter a protective order, this Court can consider all of the 
circumstances, including other documented examples of harassment by Epstein:1
Previous use of “investigators” to scare witnesses:  The use of “investigators” to 
aggressively harass his victims is not new to Epstein, as investigators have in the past 
aggressively followed key witnesses to intimidate and scare them.  See Palm Beach 
Police Incident Report at p. 86 (Complete Incident Report attached as Exhibit 8). 
Victim-to-victim communication:  One of Epstein’s sexual abuse victims was 
relayed a message from another victim speaking on Epstein’s behalf regarding the 
criminal investigation of Epstein in 2006:  “Those who help will be compensated and 
those who hurt will be dealt with.”  See Palm Beach Police Department Incident Report, 
page 83. 
The Federal Rules of Evidence do not apply to this motion and, in any event, the 
federal rules authorize the Court to consider other bad acts in reaching a conclusion 
about disputed events.  See Fed. R. Evid. 404(b). 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 10

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Witness tampering during the federal investigation:  During the FBI investigation 
of his sexual abuse of young girls, Epstein intimidated and harassed other possible 
witnesses against him -- namely Sarah Kellen, Leslie Groff and Nadia Marcinkova.  
Indeed, this intimidation was so serious that federal prosecutors prepared draft federal 
charges against him for witness tampering charges.  (attached as Exhibit 9).   
Ultimately, for reasons that are unclear, these charges were not filed.   
Threats Against Jane Doe 102:   Epstein has even tracked down adverse 
witnesses as far away as Australia in the past to send the message not to testify against 
him regarding his illegal sexual exploits.  See Complaint of Jane Doe 102 v. Epstein 
(attached as Exhibit 10).   
 Threats Against Alfredo Rodriguez:  Jane Doe is not the only person to have 
received this impression that she is at risk if she does not accede to Epstein’s demands.  
The Court is familiar with Alfredo Rodriguez, an employee of Epstein who kept a “black 
book” of the names of minor girls Epstein’ was sexually abusing.  See Criminal 
Complaint, U.S. v. Rodriguez, No. 9:10-CR-80015-KAM (DE 3) Exhibit 11.  Rodriguez 
stated that he was afraid that Jeffrey Epstein would make him “disappear” unless he 
had an “insurance policy” (i.e., the black book).  Id. at 3.   
“Accidentally” Encountering a Victim on the Way to a Deposition. 
During civil litigation of other cases brought against Jeffrey Epstein by other 
Epstein victims, Epstein himself attempted to intimidate those victims whenever he got 
the chance.  At the deposition of one of his victims who proceeded civilly against 
Epstein under the pseudonym Jane Doe #4, Epstein intentionally crossed paths with the 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 10

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
victim and stared her down as an attempt to intimidate her.  (DE 306 in case 08-80119, 
attached at Ex. 12).  On November 5, 2009, Epstein again appeared in the location 
where one of his victims, this time Doe #3.  Jane Doe #3, was present for her 8 hour 
psychological IME.  Epstein knew at that time that Jane Doe #3 was already emotionally 
fragile and suffering through a grueling psychological examination and he chose to 
exacerbate her condition by suddenly appearing within feet of her.  See Ex. 13.  Each of 
these encounters occurred despite the court’s elaborate procedures to prevent these 
encounters and irrespective of the various court orders in place warning Epstein against 
this behavior.   
LEGAL MEMORANDUM 
The Court can consider all of the foregoing information as circumstantial 
evidence pointing to only one conclusion: that defendant Epstein – a registered sex 
offender with vast financial resources – may well try to intimidate M.J. during this 
lawsuit.  The Court should accordingly enter a protective order barring direct or indirect 
contact by Epstein with M.J., including contact by purported “private investigators” 
without approval by the Court. 
It is clear that the intent of Palm Beach circuit Court Judge Deborah Dale Pucillo 
was to keep Epstein from having any contact with “all” of his victims, and she barred 
both “direct or indirect” contact.  Epstein, however, has obviously absurdly narrow 
interpretations of these orders to engage in threats and harassment.   
In a case similar to this one, Judge Marra entered a no-contact order, barring 
Epstein from having any direct or indirect contact with the victims.  Order, Case No. 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 10

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
9:08-cv-80119, DE 238, at 4-5 (emphasis added).  Epstein, however, ridiculously 
interpreted that order as allowing him to send private investigators to Jane Doe’s home 
late at night and terrorize her.  Accordingly, to avoid any such harassment in this case, 
the Court’s order should make clear that it extends to “private investigators” unless 
Epstein obtains permission for investigation after notice to M.J. and a hearing. 
CONCLUSION 
Harassment of plaintiffs who have filed civil suits – particularly civil suits alleging 
sexual assaults – strikes at the very heart of the legal system.  Harassment may prevent 
a victim from obtaining justice in Court.  This Court should not pretermit any such 
behavior by Epstein.  The Court should enter an order barring Epstein from having any 
direct or indirect contact with M.J., including contact through “private investigators,” 
without first obtaining leave of the Court after notice to and a hearing with M.J.. 
POSITION OF THE PARTIES 
M.J. has conferred with Counsel for defendant Epstein and understands that 
defendant Epstein objects to all these requests.   
Respectfully Submitted, 
DATED: November 11, 2010 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards              
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 10

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on November 11, 2010 I electronically filed the 
foregoing document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the 
foregoing document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List 
in the manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated 
by CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who are not 
authorized to receive electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards              
Bradley J. Edwards 
SERVICE LIST 
M.J. v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
lsanchez@fowler-white.com 
Christopher E. Knight 
cknight@fowler-white.com  
Helaine S. Goodner 
hgoodner@fowler-white.com 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT PA 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th
1395 Brickell Avenue 
 Floor 
Miami, FL  33131-3302 
Counsel for Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 16   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of 10


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__016.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-01.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE NO. 2,  
CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
_____________________________/ 
JANE DOE NO. 3,  
CASE NO:  08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
______________________________/ 
JANE DOE NO. 4,  
CASE NO:  08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
_______________________________/ 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 1 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 5,  
CASE NO:  08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
_____________________________/ 
JANE DOE NO. 6.  
CASE NO:  08-CV-80994-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
_______________________________/ 
JANE DOE NO. 7,  
CASE NO:  08-CV-80993-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
________________________________/ 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 2 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CASE NO:  08-CV-80811-MARRA/JOHNSON 
C.M.A., 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
______________________________/ 
JANE DOE,   
CASE NO.  08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
______________________________/ 
DOE II, 
CASE NO:  09-CV-80469-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendants. 
_______________________________/ 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 3 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 101, 
CASE NO:  09-CV-80591-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
______________________________/ 
JANE DOE NO. 102, 
CASE NO:  09-CV-80656-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
_______________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE’S MOTION TO COMPEL ANSWERS TO PLAINTFF’S FIRST 
REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION 
Plaintiff Jane Doe, hereby moves this Court for an order compelling defendant, 
Jeffrey Epstein, to answer her first request for production or, in the alternative, to prove 
that his invocation of his Fifth Amendment privilege is proper.  Jane Doe also requests 
production of a privilege log. 
Jane Doe has propounded 16 requests for production, including such 
straightforward requests as requests for production of: 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 4 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Request No. 1: Copies of all telephone records; 
Request No. 2: Photos of the inside of your home located at 358 El Brillo Way, 
Palm Beach, Florida, that depict the room(s) where massages took place (including 
massage table).  
Request No. 10:  Correspondence between Epstein and federal prosecutors; 
Request No. 12:  Personal tax returns; 
Request No. 13:  Photocopies of Epstein’s passport;  
Request No. 14:  A statement of net worth; and  
Request No. 16:  Medical records. 
In response to each and every one of these requests, Epstein has given the 
following response (with only minor variations here and there): 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.   
This Court should order Epstein to provide all of the requested information or, in 
the alternative, prove that his Fifth Amendment invocations are valid. It is for the court, 
not the claimant, to determine whether the hazard of incrimination is justified.  United 
States v. Argomaniz, 925 F.2d 1349, 1355 (11th Cir. 1991).  “A court must make a 
particularized inquiry, deciding, in connection with each specific area that the 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 5 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
questioning party wishes to explore, whether or not the privilege is well-founded.” Id.  
Typically this is done in an in camera proceeding wherein the person asserting the 
privilege is given the opportunity “to substantiate his claims of the privilege and the 
district court is able to consider the questions asked and the documents requested by 
the summons.”  Id.  
Here Epstein has made boilerplate invocation of the Fifth Amendment to each 
and every request propounded by Jane Doe, including for example the request for 
correspondence with federal prosecutors and for production of federal tax returns.  This 
obviously is not a request with Fifth Amendment implications, as the information has 
already been fully disclosed to the Government.   
For all these reasons, the Court should compel Epstein to answer the requests or 
provide a particularized justification for his Fifth Amendment invocation with regard to 
each request. 
Epstein’s “cut and paste” response to the request for production also blatantly 
disregards the requirements for invoking privilege under the Court’s local rules.  Local 
rule 26.1.G very specifically requires the preparation of a privilege log with respect to all 
documents and oral communications (among other things) that are withheld on the 
basis of privilege.  Epstein has failed to prepare such a log, making it impossible for 
Jane Doe to effectively challenge his generic assertions.  Indeed, with respect to a few 
requests, Epstein has stated: “Further, the request may include information subject to 
work product or an attorney-client privilege.”  Of course, the whole purpose of forcing a 
defendant to prepare a privilege log is to force the defendant to decide whether or not 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 6 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
information is privileged.  An assertion that something “may” be privileged is obviously 
woefully deficient.  The Local Rules do not permit this tactic, and Epstein should be (at a 
minimum) promptly required to produce a privilege log.   
For all these reasons, the Court should compel Epstein to provide a privilege log 
and to answer the interrogatories or provide a particularized justification for his Fifth 
Amendment invocation with regard to each request. 
It should be noted that (with minor exceptions) the only grounds on which Epstein 
can refuse to answer the request for production is proof of a valid Fifth Amendment 
privilege.  This the only objection Epstein has asserted (with minor exceptions).  As a 
result, any other objections to production are deemed waived.  See Local Rule 
26.1G.3.(a) (“Any ground [for an objection] not stated in an objection within the time 
provided by the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, or any extensions thereof, shall be 
waived.”). 
SPECIFIC REQUESTS FOR PRODUCTION 
For the convenience of the court – and in compliance with Local Rule 26.1 H 
(party filing motion to compel shall list specific requests in succession) – Jane Doe’s 
requests for production and Epstein’s objections are as follows: 
Request No. 1:  Copies of all telephone records in your or your attorney’s possession 
from 2002 through 2005 that in any way relate to you (including all phone lines owned 
by you or that were used to contact girls for the purposes of scheduling massages for 
you.) 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 7 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.   
Request No. 2:  All massage appointment books, diaries, computer calendars or 
scheduling entities, scheduling books or any other writing or correspondence that 
contains the names of any of the girls that were called, contacted, scheduled or who 
otherwise went to your home located at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida, for the 
purpose of giving you a massage. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.   
Request No. 3:  Any and all documentation in your possession that contains Plaintiff’s 
name or that refers to Plaintiff, directly or indirectly, (includes e-mails, letters, message 
pads, diaries, appointment books, computer print outs).   
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.   
Request No. 4:  Any and all photos, videos, downloaded digital prints or any other visual 
depiction of Plaintiff, or of any other known or suspected minor females introduced to 
you, directly or indirectly, by Plaintiff. 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 8 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.   
Request No. 5:  Photos of the inside or your home located at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm 
Beach, Florida, that depict the room(s) where the massages too place (including 
massage table). 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.   
Request No. 6:  Any and all documentation of cancelled checks or evidence of payment 
to Plaintiff of any kind and for any reason whatsoever. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 9 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Request No. 7:  All discovery information obtained by you or your attorneys as a result 
of the exchange of discovery in the State criminal case against you or the Federal 
investigation against you. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.  In addition to and without waiving his constitutional 
privileges, the information sought is privileged and confidential, and 
inadmissible to the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Federal 
Rule of Evidence 410 and 408, and § 90.410, Fla. Stat.1  Further, the 
request may including information subject to work product or an attorney-
client privilege. 
Request No. 8:  All financial documents evidencing asset transfers from 2005 to present 
for you personally or any company or corporation owned by you. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.   
Jane Doe does not intend to use these materials to draw a forbidden inference of guilt from the mere 
fact that information was provided to law enforcement officials as part of plea discussions, but rather for 
other purposes.  These materials are also quite clearly likely to lead to the discovery of other admissible 
evidence, as they relate to the same subject matter as this lawsuit.  To the extent that Epstein relies on 
the non-prosecution agreement, nothing in that agreement bars discovery of information relevant to this 
lawsuit.   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 10 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Request No. 9:  Any documents or other evidentiary materials provided to local, state, 
or federal law enforcement investigators or local, state or federal prosecutors 
investigating your sexual activities with minors. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.  In addition to and without waiving his constitutional 
privileges, the information sought is privileged and confidential, and 
inadmissible pursuant to the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, 
Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 408, and § 90.410, Fla. Stat. 2   Further, 
the request may include information subject to work product or an 
attorney-client privilege. 
Request No. 10:  All correspondence between you and your attorneys and state or 
federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited to, letters to and from 
the States Attorney’s office or any agents thereof). 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.  In addition to and without waiving his constitutional 
privileges, the information sought is privileged and confidential, and 
inadmissible pursuant to the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, 
Jane Doe does not intend to use these materials to draw a forbidden inference of guilt from the mere 
fact of plea discussions, but rather for other purposes.  These materials are also likely to lead to the 
discovery of other admissible evidence.  To the extent that Epstein relies on the non-prosecution 
agreement, nothing in that agreement bars discovery of information relevant to this lawsuit.   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 11 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 408, and § 90.410, Fla. Stat. 3   Further, 
the request may include information subject to work product or an 
attorney-client privilege. 
Request No. 11:  Any and all documents reflecting your current net worth. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.   
Request No. 12:  Personal tax returns for all years from 2002 through the present. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution; overly broad. 
Request No. 13:  A photocopy of your passport, including any supplemental pages 
reflecting travel to locations outside the 50 United States between 2002 and 2008, 
including any documents or records regarding plane tickets, hotel receipts, or 
transportation arrangements. 
Jane Doe does not intend to use these materials to draw a forbidden inference of guilt from the mere 
fact of correspondence in connection with plea discussions, but rather for other purposes.  These 
materials are also likely to lead to the discovery of other admissible evidence.  To the extent that Epstein 
relies on the non-prosecution agreement, nothing in that agreement bars discovery of information relevant 
to this lawsuit.   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 12 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional 
protections and privileges, the scope of information is so overbroad that it 
seeks information that is neither relevant nor reasonably calculated to lead 
to the discovery of admissible evidence; compiling such information over a 
six year period would be unduly burdensome and time consuming.4   
Request No. 14:  A sworn statement of your net worth (including a detailed financial 
statement depicting all current assets and liabilities). 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to respond to all 
relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me 
that at the present time I cannot select authenticate, and produce documents relevant to 
this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be 
unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. 
Request No. 15:  All financial statements or affidavits produced by you for any reason, 
to any person, company, entity or corporation since 2005. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
Jane Doe believes that Epstein used overseas travel as a means of obtaining underage girls for sexual 
purposes and for avoiding criminal prosecution for such activities.  Also, providing a copy of a passport is 
hardly “burdensome.”  Also, given the fact that Epstein is likely to have used the services of a travel agent 
or another intermediary, it should not be difficult for him to provide evidence of his overseas travels from 
such intermediaries.  
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 13 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution; overly broad. 
Request No. 16:  All medical records of Defendant Epstein from Dr. Stephan Alexander. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution. 
CONCLUSION 
For all these reasons, the Court should compel Epstein to answer the request for 
production, or provide a particularized justification for his Fifth Amendment invocation 
with regard to each request.  Epstein should also be required to provide a privilege log.  
Counsel for Jane Doe have conferred with opposing counsel on the issues raised in this 
motion, and no resolution was possible. 
DATED July 20, 2009 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Las Olas City Centre 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 522-3456 
Facsimile (954) 527-8663 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: bedwards@rra-law.com 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 14 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice  
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on July 20, 2009, I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the 
manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to 
receive electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 15 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 15 of 16

                  CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Jgoldberger@agwpa.com 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcritton@bclclaw.com 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Jack Patrick Hill 
iph@searcylaw.com 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
KEzell@podhurst.com 
Michael James Pike 
MPike@bclclaw.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
cassellp@bclclaw.com 
Richard Horace Willits 
lawyerswillits@aol.com 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
rjosefsberg@podhurst.com 
Adam D. Horowitz 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
Stuart S. Mermelstein 
ssm@sexabuseattorney.com 
William J. Berger 
wberger@rra-law.com 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 210    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/20/2009   Page 16 of 16
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 16 of 16


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-01.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-02.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-02.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 1 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 23
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
--------------~/ 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
--------------~/ 
DEFENDANT, JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION 
TO PLAINTIFF'S, JANE DOE, MOTION TO COMPEL RESPONSE TO 
PLAINTIFF'S REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION [DE 97), WITH INCORPORATED 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, hereby files his Response in Opposition to Plaintiffs, 
JANE DOE, Motion to Compel Response to Plaintiffs Request for Production [DE 97) 
(Consolidated Case No. 08-CIV-80119 [DE 194]). 
I. 
Procedural Background 
Plaintiffs Motion to Compel is filed at DE (97). The Motion to Compel was voluminous 
and orders had been entered by this court (DE 242 and 293) addressing other 5th Amendment 
issues; therefore, the undersigned counsel endeavored to eliminate certain requests outlined in 
Plaintiffs Motion to Compel. As a result, a Joint Notice of Agreement was entered advising the 
court that several of the requests had been addressed by counsel alleviating the court from having 
to rule on same. (DE 316). 
Defendant filed his Rule 4 Appeal (DE 282) and his Supplementary Brief (DE 283), 
which address several of the 5th Amendment arguments applicable to the requests outlined 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 2 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 2 
herein. Portions of DE 282 and 283 were provided to the court in camera pursuant to the court's 
order (DE 242). Therefore, for the Court's ease of reference and in an attempt to maintain 
brevity, Defendant hereby incorporates those arguments and case law as if fully set forth herein. 
Significantly, these cases have been consolidated for discovery. Therefore, consistent 
rulings should apply. In making those rulings, this Court must continue to recognize that the 
allegations in the related cases cannot be forgotten. 
(.E:,_g., see DE 242 and 293, p.5-6). 
Production of information in one case could provide a link in the chain of evidence used to 
prosecute Epstein for a crime or provide an indirect link to incriminating evidence in another 
case. Id. and infra. 
"A". 
The Request for Production and the responses thereto are attached as Composite Exhibit 
I. The Requests For Production, Argument And Memorandum Of Law 
a. 
Request Number 5 
Request No. 5: 
Photos of the inside of your home located at 358 El Brillo 
Way, Palm Beach, Florida, that depict the room( s) where the massages took place 
(including massage table). 
Response: 
Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. 
I intend to 
produce all relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys 
have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and 
produce documents relevant to this lawsuit without waiving my Fifth Amendment 
rights and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights 
under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances 
would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would 
be umeasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. 
In Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein, Case No. 80119, the Magistrate Judge found, "[i]n 2008, 
Epstein entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement ("NPA") with the United States Attorney 
General's Office for the Federal Southern District of Florida ("USAO") and the State Attorney's 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 3 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 3 
Office for Palm Beach County. Under the terms of the NPA, any criminal prosecution against 
Epstein is deferred as long as he abides by the certain terms and conditions contained therein. If 
at any time the USAO's Office has reason to believe Epstein is in breach of the Agreement, it 
need only provide Epstein's counsel with notice of the breach and then move forward with 
Epstein's prosecution. Accordingly, the undersigned would agree with Epstein ... that the fact 
there exists a NP A does not mean that Epstein is free from future criminal prosecution, and that 
in fact, 'the threat of prosecution is real, substantial and present."' See August 4, 2009 Order 
(DE 242) and September 9, 2009 Omnibus Order (DE 293); and Manson v. United States, 244 
U.S. 362,365 (1917). 
Moreover, as this court knows, the NPA only defers prosecution in the 
Southern District of Florida, not other districts. 
Therefore, Epstein is "confronted by a 
substantial and 'real,' and not merely trifling or imaginary, hazard[] of incrimination" when it 
comes to Plaintiffs discovery requests. United States v. Apfelbaum, 445 U.S. 115, 128 (1980). 
The Fifth Amendment serves as a guarantee against testimonial compulsion and provides, 
in relevant part, that "[n]o person ... shall be compelled in any Criminal Case to be a witness 
against himself." (DE 242, p.5); see also Edwin v. Price, 778 F.2d 668, 669 (11th Cir. 1985) 
(citing Lefkowitz v. Turley, 414 U.S. 70, 77 (1973)). 
The privilege is accorded liberal 
construction in favor of the right and extends not only to answers that would support a criminal 
conviction, but extends also to those answers which would furnish a link in the chain of evidence 
needed to prosecute the claimant for a crime. See Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 
(1951 ). 
Information is protected by the privilege not only if it would support a criminal 
conviction, but also in those instances where "the responses would merely 'provide a lead or 
clue' to evidence having a tendency to incriminate." See United States v. Neff, 315 F.2d 1235, 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 4 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 4 
1239 (9th Cir.), cert denied, 447 U.S. 925 (1980); Blau v. United States, 340 U.S. 159 (1950); 
SEC v Leach, 156 F.Supp.2d 491,494 (E.D. PA. 2001). 
Moreover, the act of production itself may implicitly communicate statements and, for 
this reason, the Fifth Amendment privilege also encompasses the circumstances where the act of 
producing documents in response to a subpoena or production request has a compelled 
testimonial aspect. See United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 35-36 (2000). Thus, where the 
existence or location of the requested documents are unknown, or where production would 
"implicitly authenticate" the requested documents (as requested by Plaintiff here), the act of 
producing responsive documents is considered testimonial and is protected by the Fifth 
Amendment. See In re Grand Jury Subpoenfh 1 F.3d 87, 93 (2nd Cir. 1993). 
Here, Plaintiffs overly broad request seeks photos of the inside of Epstein's home. 
Moreover, it seeks to compel Epstein into implicitly admitting that there were rooms within his 
house where "the massages took place" and into selecting such rooms and even the alleged 
massage table. Any compelled "production" by Epstein would violate his Fifth Amendment 
rights in that he is implicitly being asked to authenticate same i.e., given the nature of the 
request, Epstein's selection and production of photos would constitute compelled testimonial 
admissions that "the massages" took place in a given room on a given table etc. . . . The 
requested information could potentially provide a 'lead or clue' or a link in the chain of 
evidence having a tendency to incriminate Epstein and would threaten to invade his privilege 
against being required to produce and/or testify. Rudy-Glanzer v. Glanzer, 232 F.3d 1258, 1263 
(9th Cir. 2000)(the "privilege" against self-incrimination does not depend upon the likelihood, 
but upon the possibility of prosecution and also covers those circumstances where the disclosures 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 5 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CVS0 119 
Page No. 5 
would not be directly incriminating, but could provide an indirect link to incriminating 
evidence). 
In Jane Doe No. 2 v. Epstein, the Court sustained Epstein's Fifth Amendment objections 
to interrogatories: asking Epstein to identify all employees who performed work inside his Palm 
Beach residence and all other employees who came to the residence, asking Epstein to identify 
any who gave or were asked to give him massages, requesting information regarding the identity 
of persons who provided transportation services, seeking a list of Epstein's employees' telephone 
numbers, asking Epstein to identify any persons or witnesses who have knowledge or are in 
possession of physical evidence pertaining to the events in question, seeking information related 
to alleged sexual abuse or misconduct on a minor, and seeking the facts on upon which Epstein 
relies to support pleading denials and affirmative defenses. See (DE 242). 
If the Fifth Amendment protects Epstein from disclosing the identity of any person who 
has knowledge or are in possession of physical evidence (i.e. photographs, videos, written 
statements, etc.) pertaining the alleged events in question, it follows that Epstein's production 
himself of photographs of the same or related subjects would also violate his Fifth Amendment 
rights. Stated differently, if Epstein can properly invoke his Fifth Amendment right to not 
identify a person who may have a photograph or physical evidence pertaining to the alleged 
events, how can Epstein be required to produce the requested photographs? He cannot. 
For these reasons, Epstein's justified concern with regard to answering the above request 
and the resulting waiver of his Fifth Amendment Privilege in this regard and/or providing self-
incriminating information is substantial, real and not merely imaginative. Accordingly, based on 
the facts and circumstances of this case, and under applicable law, Defendant's assertion of the 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 6 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 6 
protections afforded under the 51\ 61\ and 14th Amendments of the United States Constitution are 
required to be upheld. 
b. 
Requests Numbers 7, 9 and 10 
Request No. 7: 
All discovery information obtained by you or your 
attorneys as a result of the exchange of discovery in the State criminal case 
against you or the Federal investigation against you. 
Request No. 9: 
Any documents or other evidentiary materials provided to 
local, state, or federal law enforcement investigators or local, state or federal 
prosecutors investigating your sexual activities with minors. 
Request No. 10: 
All correspondence between you and your attorneys and 
state or federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited to, 
letters to and from the State Attorney's office or any agents thereof). 
Response to Request Numbers 7, 9 and 10: Defendant is asserting specific 
legal objections to the production request as well as his U.S. constitutional 
privileges. I intend to produce all relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, 
however, my attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept 
this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. 
Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and 
Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would unconstitutionally 
burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his 
constitutional privileges, the information sought is privileged and confidential, 
and inadmissible pursuant to the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, 
Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request 
may include information subject to work product or an attorney-client privilege. 
As discussed in the supporting memorandum herein, it is well settled that the Fifth 
Amendment privilege against self-incrimination also encompasses situations as here where the 
act of production itself involves a testimonial compulsion. Hubbell, supra. In responding to 
each request, Epstein would be compelled admit that such documents existed, admit that the 
documents were in his possession or control, and were authentic. In other words, the very act of 
production of the category of documents requested would implicitly communicate "statements of 
fact." Hubbell, supra; Hoffman, supra. The act of production might not only provide evidence 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 7 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 7 
to support a conviction, but also a link in the chain of evidence for prosecution. See supra. Such 
compulsion to produce is the same as being compelled to testify. The acts of Epstein in being 
required to produce the requested documents imply assertions of fact - admitting the documents 
exist, admitting the documents are in his possession or control, and admitting the documents are 
authentic. Again, in reading each of the production requests, it is clear that the very act of 
production of such documents could implicate Epstein of a crime. See supra, same argument on 
5th Amendment applies. 
Moreover, the production of such discovery information may lead to the identity of 
witnesses that could testify against Epstein and those that may have knowledge or are in 
possession of evidence that could be used against Epstein. This comt has already ruled that 
Epstein can properly invoke his Fifth Amendment right to not identify a person who may have a 
photograph or physical evidence pertaining to the alleged events. (DE 242). Moroever, the 
requested information could encompass documents identifying Epstein's whereabouts, 
schedules, calendars etc . . 
Requiring Epstein to provide responses would in essence be 
compelling him to provide assertions of fact that could incriminate him under 18 U.S.C. 
§2422(b) and 18 U.S.C. §2423(b) and other federal violations discussed, in camera, at DE 282 
and 283. 
As stated infra, the court has already ruled on this issue. See DE 242 and 293. 
Epstein should not be required to produce information in any State or Federal Agencies' 
possession, especially when doing so would violate his constitutional rights. 
Notably, this court has already ruled on a similar request in 80119 whereby the Plaintiffs, 
Jane Doe 2-7, asked the following: 
Request No. 1. The list provided to you by the U.S. Attorney of individuals whom the 
U.S. Attorney was prepared to name in an Indictment as victims of an offense by Mr. 
Epstein enumerated in 18 U.S.C. §2255. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 8 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 8 
Request No. 2. All documents referring or relating to the United States' agreement with 
Defendant to defer federal prosecution subject to certain conditions, including without 
limitation, the operative agreement between Defendant and the United States and all 
amendments, revisions and supplements thereto. 
Request No. 3. All documents referring or relating to Defendant's agreement with the 
State of Florida on his plea of guilly to violations of Florida Criminal Statutes, including 
without limitation, the operative plea agreement and any amendments, revisions and 
supplements thereto. 
Request No.4. All documents obtained in discovery or investigation relating to either 
the Florida Criminal Case or the Federal Criminal Case, including without limitation, 
documents obtained from any federal, state, or local law enforcement agency, the State 
Attorney's office and the United States Attorney's office. 
The court specifically held at p.17 of its Order at DE 242 that"[ d]efendant's Motion as it 
relates to Production request number(s) 1, 2, 3, 4 .... is [granted]. The very act of producing 
documents in response to these requests is testimonial in nature, in that by production, Epstein 
would be implicitly communicating 'statements of fact,' to which the fifth Amendment privilege 
may be validly asserted . Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 35-36. Not only do the subject requests involve 
'statements of fact,' given the nature of the allegations against Epstein, they could also serve as 
links in the chain of evidence needed for prosecution. As such, Epstein's fifth Amendment 
Privilege assertion as it relates to these requests is sustained." That same ruling should apply to 
the above requests. 
The Requests Seek Attorney-Client And Work-Product Privileged Material And Rules 408 
Aud 410. Fed. Evid. And §90.410, Fla. Stat., Preclude Production of the Material 
Next, a reading of the particular discovery requests reveals that they encompass attorney-
client and work-product privileged material. As this court has already ruled (DE 242), Epstein 
cannot be compelled to create a privilege log because that would be tantamount to compelled 
testimony to which Defendant's constitutional protections apply. Any exchange of information 
with federal authorities was done in the context of discussions that are in essence immunized 
under the provisions of FRE 410 in order to encourage the resolution of pending investigations 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 9 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 9 
without trials. FRE 410(4) is particularly directed to communications in matters which, like 
Epstein's, did not result in a plea of guilty to any federal charge. Fla. Stat. §90.410 provides 
parallel protections in state criminal matters. To the extent Epstein's counsel provided the 
authorities with any information it cannot, by the terms of that rule, be used in subsequent 
litigation as same is work-product. Likewise, the information received from the federal 
authorities, if any, as part of a give and take, is also subject to FRE 410. Finally, the purposes of 
FRE 408 provide further protection for both state and federal interchanges of information. If 
Epstein is compelled to produce this information, not only will it violate his Fifth Amendment 
privilege, but it will also result in an open-ended waiver of his attorney-client and work-product 
privileges. 
Additionally, Request Numbers 7, 9 and 10 all pertain to the State Criminal Proceeding and 
the Federal Investigation by the USAO. Therefore, the requests concern the negotiation(s) and 
eventual entering into of a Plea and the negotiation(s) and eventual entering into the NPA 
Request Numbers 9 and 10 are so broad that production would encompass any information, 
assuming it exists, provided by Epstein's attorneys to local, state or federal prosecutors in the 
Southern District and/or outside of the Southern District in connection with Epstein's alleged 
sexual activities. 
Likewise, all the requests, as worded, seek production of information in 
connection with "compromise negotiations." Federal Evidence Rules 408 and 410 and Florida 
Statute §90.410 prevent the production of such material. The full text of Federal Evidence Rules 
408 and 410, and Florida Statute §90.410 is found at footnote 1 and is incorporated herein1. 
Relevancy and Its Limits 
Rule 408. Compromise and Offers to Compromise 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 10 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 10 
Clearly, discovery in criminal cases is not congruent with discovery in civil cases. Here, the 
information requested involves negotiations with the State and the USAO and their investigation. 
If the USAO cannot be compelled to release its investigation(s) and related work-product, how 
(a) Prohibited uses.--Evidence of the following is not admissible on behalf of any party, when offered to prove 
liability for, invalidity of, or amount of a claim that was disputed as to validity or amount, or to impeach through a 
prior inconsistent statement or contradiction: 
(1) furnishing or offering or promising to furnish--or accepting or offering or promising to accept--a valuable 
consideration in compromising or attempting to compromise the claim; and 
(2) conduct or statements made in compromise negotiations regarding the claim, except when offered in a criminal 
case and the negotiations related to a claim by a public office or agency in the exercise of regulatory, investigative, 
or enforcement authority. 
(b) Permitted uscs.--This rule does not require exclusion if the evidence is offered for purposes not prohibited by 
subdivision (a). Examples of permissible purposes include proving a witness's bias or prejudice; negating a 
contention of undue delay; and proving an effort to obstruct a criminal investigation or prosecution. 
CREDIT(S) 
(Pub.L. 93-595, § l, Jan. 2, 1975, 88 Stat. 1933; Apr. 12, 2006, eff. Dec. I, 2006). 
Rule 410. Inadmissibility of Picas, Plea Discussions, and Related Statements 
Except as otherwise provided in this rule, evidence of the following is not, in any civil or criminal proceeding, 
admissible against the defendant who made the plea or was a participant in the plea discussions: 
(1) a plea of guilty which was later withdrawn; 
(2) a plea ofnolo contendere; 
(3) any statement made in the course of any proceedings under Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure 
or comparable state procedure regarding either of the foregoing pleas; or 
( 4) any statement made in the course of plea discussions with an attorney for the prosecuting authority which do not 
result in a plea of guilty or which result in a plea of guilty later withdrawn. 
However, such a statement is admissible (i) in any proceeding wherein another statement made in the course of the 
same plea or plea discussions has been introduced and the statement ought in fairness be considered 
contemporaneously with it, or (ii) in a criminal proceeding for perjury or false statement if the statement was made 
by the defendant under oath, on the record and in the presence of counsel. 
Florida Evidence Code 
90.410. Offer to plead guilty; nolo contendere; withdrawn picas of guilty 
Evidence of a plea of guilty, later withdrawn; a plea of nolo contendere; or an offer to plead guilty or nolo 
contendere to the crime charged or any other crime is inadmissible in any civil or criminal proceeding. Evidence of 
statements made in connection with any of the pleas or offers is inadmissible, except when such statements are 
offered in a prosecution under chapter 83 7. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 11 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 11 
can Epstein be compelled to disclose same in violation of his constitutional rights and his 
attorney-client and work-product privileges? 
He cannot. The protections afforded by these 
evidentiary rules provide that such documents are not subject to discovery. 
Moreover, any information exchanged by Epstein's attorneys and the State was exchanged 
pursuant to Fla.R.Crim.P. §3.220 and is therefore protected under that Rule. 
Further, the 
information is "work-product" information. See id. and 14B Fla. Jur.2d Criminal Law §1412. 
Third Party Privacy Rights 
Here, the requests also seek information that may violate others third-party privacy rights. 
As noted by the United States Supreme Court in Eisenstadt v. Baird, 405 U.S. 438, 454, 92 S.Ct. 
1029, 1038, at fn. 10 (1972): 
In Stanley, 394 U.S., at 564, 89 S.Ct., at 1247, the Court stated:'(A)lso 
fundamental is the right to be free, except in very limited circumstances, from 
unwanted governmental intrusions into one's privacy." The makers of our 
Constitution undertook to secure conditions favorable to the pursuit of happiness. 
They recognized the significance of man's spiritual nature, of his feelings and of 
his intellect. They knew that only a part of the pain, pleasure and satisfactions of 
life are to be found in material things. They sought to protect Americans in their 
beliefs, their thoughts, their emotions, and their sensations. They conferred, as 
against the Government, the right to be let alone-the most comprehensive ofrights 
and the right most valued by civilized man.' [Citations omitted]. 
The fundamental right of privacy is not only guaranteed under by the Fourteenth 
Amendment of the United States Constitution, but also under the Constitution of the State of 
Florida, Art. I, Sect. 23. As summarized by the Florida Supreme Court in Shaktman v. State, 553 
So.2d 148, 150-51 (Fla. 1989): 
The right of privacy, assured to Florida's citizens, demands that individuals be 
free from uninvited observation of or interference in those aspects of their lives 
which fall within the ambit of this zone of privacy unless the intrusion is 
warranted by the necessity of a compelling state interest. In an opinion which 
predated the adoption of section 23, the First District aptly characterized the 
nature of this right. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 12 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 12 
A fundamental aspect of personhood's integrity is the power to control what we 
shall reveal about our intimate selves, to whom, and for what purpose. 
Bryon, Harless, Schaffer, Reid & Assocs., Inc. v. State ex rel, Schellenberg, 360 
So.2d 83, 92 (Fla. 1st DCA 1978), quashed and remanded on other grounds, 379 
So.2d 633 (Fla.1980). Because this power is exercised in varying degrees by 
differing individuals, the parameters of an individual's privacy can be dictated 
only by that individual. The central concern is the inviolability of one's own 
thought, person, and personal action. The inviolability of that right assures its 
preeminence over "majoritarian sentiment" and thus carmot be universally defined 
by consensus. 
(Emphasis added). 
Clearly, the nature of the questions and production requests identified would require 
Epstein to produce information that may identify third parties (that could also testify against him) 
and necessarily thwart such individuals' rights to assert their constitutional right of privacy as 
guaranteed under the United States and Florida Constitutions. See generally Eisenstadt v. Baird, 
supra at 454-455 (the right encompasses privacy in one's sexual matters and is not limited to the 
marital relationship). 
Accordingly, based on the facts and circumstances of this case, and under applicable law, 
Defendant's assertion of the protections afforded under the 5th, 61\ and 14th Amendments of the 
United States Constitution are required to be upheld. 
c. 
Requests Numbers 8, 11, 12, 14 and 15 
Request No. 8: 
All financial documents evidencing asset transfers from 
2005 to the present for you personally or any company or corporation owned by 
you. 
Request No. 11: 
Request No. 12: 
present. 
Any and all documents reflecting your current net worth. 
Personal tax returns for all years from 2002 through the 
Request No. 14: 
A sworn statement of your net worth (including a detailed 
financial statement depicting all current assets and liabilities). 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 13 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 13 
Request No. 15: 
All financial statements or affidavits produced by you for 
any reason, to any person, company, entity or corporation since 2005. 
Response to Request Numbers : Defendant is asserting specific legal objections 
to the production request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to 
produce all relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys 
have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and 
produce documents relevant to this lawsuit without waiving my Fifth Amendment 
constitutional rightsand I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth 
Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution; overly broad. 
As set forth in more detail in DE 282 and 283, which were provided to the court in 
camera, Epstein cannot provide answers/responses to questions relating to his financial history 
and condition without waiving his Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by 
the United States Constitution. 
The requests are unreasonable, overbroad, confidential, 
proprietary in nature and seek information that is neither relevant to the subject matter of the 
pending action nor does it appear to be reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of 
admissible evidence. The information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible 
pursuant to the terms of the NPA and, Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 408, and Fla. Stat. 90.410. 
See supra for argument. 
Responding to the above financial requests would require Epstein to identify information 
regarding matters as set forth in more detail in DE 282 and 283, which were provided to the 
Court in camera. Producing the specified information would result in testimonial disclosures that 
would communicate statements of fact. Again, the information sought relates to potential federal 
claims of violations. See DE 282 and 283, in camera. Production would therefore constitute a 
testimonial admission of the genuineness, the existence, and Epstein's control of such records, 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 14 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 14 
and thus presents a real and substantial danger of self-incrimination in this case, in other related 
cases and as well in areas that could result in criminal prosecution. See generally Hoffman v 
United States, 341 U.S. 479,486 (1951) and United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 36, 120 S.Ct. 
2037, 2043 (2000). 
The Fifth Amendment is a safe harbor for all citizens, including those who are innocent 
of any underlying offense. This request, if answered, may result in compelled production and/or 
testimonial communications from Epstein regarding his financial status and history and would 
require him to waive his right to decline to respond to other inquiries related to the same subject 
matter. Responding to this and other related inquiries would have the potential to provide a link 
in a chain of information and/or leads to other evidence or witnesses that would have the specific 
risk of furthering an investigation against him and therefore are protected from compulsion by 
Epstein's constitutional privilege. 
Accordingly, any compelled testimony that provides a "lead or clue to a source of 
evidence of such [a] crime" is protected by Fifth Amendment. SEC v Leach, 156 F.Supp.2d 491, 
494 (E.D. PA. 2001 ). See supra. Questions seeking "testimony" regarding names of witnesses, 
leads to phone or travel records, or financial records that would provide leads to tax or money 
laundering or unlicensed money transmittal investigations are protected. See also Hoffman v 
United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 (195l)("the right against self-incrimination may be invoked if 
the answer would furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute for a crime"). 
In addition to the above argument, the specific information requested in request number 
as to personal tax returns also seeks information that is confidential and protected by federal 
law, 26 U.S.C. §6103. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 15 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 15 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 15 
To the extent Plaintiff claims she needs the requested information concermng asset 
transfers based on her unsupported presumption that Epstein is fraudulently transferring assets, 
same is premature and unsupported by the law for the reasons set forth in Epstein's 
Memorandum of Law in Opposition to Plaintiffs Motion for Injunction Restraining Fraudulent 
Transfer of Assets (DE 198). 
d. 
Requests Numbers 13 and 16 
Request No. 13: 
A photocopy of your passport, including any supplemental 
pages reflecting travel to locations outside the 50 United States between 2002 and 
2008, including any documents or records regarding plane tickets, hotel receipts, 
or transportation arrangements. 
Response: 
Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. 
I intend to 
produce all relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys 
have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and 
produce documents relevant to this lawsuit without risking waiver of my Fifth 
Amendment rights and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth 
Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be umeasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional protections 
and privileges, the scope of information is so overbroad that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant nor reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of 
admissible evidence; compiling such information over a six year period would be 
unduly burdensome and time consuming. 
Request No. 16: 
All medical records of Defendant Epstein from Dr. Stephan 
Alexander. 
Response: 
Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production 
request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. 
I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled 
me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents 
relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth 
Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 16 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 16 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 16 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. 
As to Request Number 13, Defendant has already provided this court with sufficient 
argument at DE 282 and DE 283 detailing why the production of information showing Epstein's 
whereabouts could provide a link in the chain of evidence regarding: (a) Epstein's air travel 
within the United States and Foreign Territories; (b) Epstein's communications with others 
relating to or referring to females coming into the United States from other countries; and ( c) 
Epstein's personal calendars and schedules. Given that the essential proof of an allegation of 18 
U.S.C. 2423(b) would include travel records, schedules regarding trips and locations, flight 
records, calendars, and transportation arrangements, the court found that Epstein had made a 
more particularized showing because producing such information "could reveal the availability 
to him and/or use by him of interstate facilities and thus would constitute a link in the chain of 
evidence that could potentially expose [Epstein] to the dangers of self incrimination." (DE 293, 
p.6) 
Here, Plaintiffs request for Epstein's passport "reflecting travel to locations outside the 
United States between 2002 and 2008, including any documents or records regarding plane 
tickets, hotel receipts, or transportation arrangements" is no different from the requests this Court 
has already ruled upon and sustained Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege in response thereto. 
(DE 292). In summary, this court reasoned that: 
"[i]n this and the other civil actions, Plaintiffs allege that Epstein violated certain 
federal and state criminal statutes in an attempt to make claims against Epstein 
ranging from sexual battery to intentional infliction of emotional distress. The 
lynchpin for the exercise of federal criminal jurisdiction under 18 U.S.C. 
§2422(b ), which figures in some of the complaints filed, is 'the use of any facility 
or means of interstate or foreign commerce' and the analogous essential element 
of 18 U.S.C. §2423(b), which also figures in some of the Complaints, is 'travel[s] 
in interstate commerce or travels into the United States or ... travels in foreign 
commerce.' Accordingly, requiring Epstein to provide responses ... would in 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 17 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 17 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80 I I 9 
Page No. 17 
essence be compelling him to provide assertions of fact, thereby admitting that 
such documents existed aud further admitting that the documents in his 
possession or control were authentic. 
Based upon the arguments set forth in DE 283 (which is incorporated herein), this Court 
sustained Epstein's Fifth Amendment Privilege. That same ruling should apply here as Jane 
Doe's request is identical to the requests already ruled on by this court. (DE 293). 
As to Plaintiffs request for Epstein's medical records, Dr. Stephen Alexander was hired 
as au expert consultant by Epstein's attorneys in the underlying criminal matter. Therefore, auy 
information provided to Dr. Stephen Alexander or auy information provided by the experts to 
Epstein's attorneys is protected by the attorney-work product and attorney-client privileges, 
Fla.R.Civ.P.1.280, 19 Fla. Jur.2d, Discovery and Depositions, §89, and Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(b)(3). 
19A Fla. Jur.2d, Discovery and Depositions, §89, provides: 
[a] party may discover facts known or opinions held by an expert who has been 
retained or specially employed by another party in anticipation of litigation or 
preparation for trial aud who is not expected to be called as a witness at trial, only 
as provided in ... Rule of Civil Procedure [J.360 (b)(l)j, governing the report of 
an examining physician" {which is not applicable in the instant matter], "or 
upon a showing of exceptional circumstances under which it is impracticable for 
the party seeking discovery to obtain facts or opinions on the same subject by 
other means. The statutory protection has been extended both to the facts known 
or opinions held by non-witness experts retained or specially employed by a party 
in anticipation of litigation aud to their identities. Thus, absent a showing of 
exceptional circtunstances, a litigant is not required to disclose the names and 
specialties of experts retained but not expected to testify at trial. Accordingly, a 
discovery order ordering a defendant to disclose the names of any persons who 
have examined, evaluated, or reviewed the defendant's records improperly 
compels the defendant to divulge the names of experts consulted for trial but not 
intended to be called to testify at trial where such information is protected by the 
work-product privilege aud where the state makes no showing of exceptional 
circumstances. 
Id.; see also Carrero v. Engle Homes, Inc., 667 So. 2d 1011 (Fla. 4th DCA 1996); Myron By and 
Through Brock v. Doctors General, Ltd., 573 So. 2d 34 (Fla. 4th DCA1990); see also 14B 
Fla.Jur.2d, Criminal Law, §1412. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 18 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 18 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 18 
In addition to the foregoing privileges, in the Court's prior order (DE 242), it found that 
Epstein's Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ("HIPAA") objections were 
"unfounded as the requests [i.e., the interrogatory] seek only the identification of Epstein's 
healthcare providers." Here, however, a request for production is at issue, not an interrogatory. 
Therefore, Epstein's HIPAA rights should be upheld. Allen v. Woodford, 2007 WL 309485 
(E.D. Cal. 2007), (p. 9)(HIPP A institutes procedural safeguards to protect the privacy of an 
individual's medical information and history). In the context of HIP AA, Courts have recognized 
three methods of health care discovery (assuming it's relevant) in civil litigation: (1) Obtaining a 
patient authorization that complies with the requirements and criteria, tailored to the specific 
case, of HIP AA as set forth in 45 C.F.R. §164.508; (2) Court Order, which also complies with 
the requirements of HIP AA ensuring that the privacy and confidentiality of the information is 
protected; and (3) Subpoena or discovery request, which again comply with the strictures of 
HIP AA, including that the person whose records are being sought has been given proper notice. 
See Handbook of Federal Civil Discovery And Disclosure (2d Edition), Chap. 18, Sect. A -
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIP AA), § 18.3 - Discovery of health care 
information in civil litigation; and Graham v. Dacheikh, 991 So.2d 932, at fn. 3 (2d DCA Fla. 
2008)("Even nnder HIP AA, ... , if the records are produced during normal discovery they are 
typically produced in a manner that restricts the persons who may access the documents and 
requires their return at the end of the litigation. See 45 C.F.R. §164.512(e)."). 
Federal Rule of Evidence 401 provides that - "'Relevant evidence"' means evidence having 
any tendency to make the existence of any fact that is of consequence to the determination of the 
action more probable or less probable than it would be without the evidence." Pursuant to Rule 
26(b )(I), the scope of discovery is as follows -

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 19 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 19 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 19 
Unless otherwise limited by court order, the scope of discovery is as follows: Parties 
may obtain discovery regarding any nonprivileged matter that is relevant to any party's 
claim or defense--including the existence, description, nature, custody, condition, and 
location of any documents or other tangible things and the identity and location of 
persons who know of any discoverable matter. For good cause, the court may order 
discovery of any matter relevant to the subject matter involved in the action. Relevant 
information need not be admissible at the trial if the discovery appears reasonably 
calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence. All discovery is subject to 
the limitations imposed by Rule 26(b )(2)(C). 
Plaintiffs requests is further barred by under Fed. Evid. Rule 501 and §90.503, 
Fla.R.Evid. Rule 501 provides -
Except as otherwise required by the Constitution of the United States or provided by 
Act of Congress or in rules prescribed by the Supreme Court pursuant to statutory 
authority, the privilege of a witness, person, government, State, or political subdivision 
thereof shall be governed by the principles of the common law as they may be 
interpreted by the courts of the United States in the light of reason and experience. 
However, in civil actions and proceedings, with respect to an element of a claim or 
defense as to which State law supplies the rule of decision, the privilege of a witness, 
person, government, State, or political subdivision thereof shall be determined in 
accordance with State law. 
(Emphasis added). 
Plaintiff alleges diversity jurisdiction, and thus, state law of Florida controls application 
of the privilege. Plaintiff claims - Count I - "Sexual Battery Upon a Minor, " Count II - "Cause 
of Action Pursuant to 18 USC §2255," Count III -
"Intentional Infliction of Emotional 
Distress, " Count IV - "Civil Remedy for Criminal Practices" and Count VI - "Cause of Action 
Pursuant to Florida Statute 796.09 Against Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein". 
Erie R.Co. v. 
Tompkins, 58 S.Ct. 817 (1938). Accordingly, the privileges recognized under state law apply to 
this action under Rule 501. See,~-, 1550 Brickell Associates v. Q.B.E. Ins. Co., 253 F.R.D. 
697, 699 (S.D. Fla. 2008)("Attorney-client privilege is governed by state law in diversity 
actions."). 
§90.503(2), Fla. Stat., provides -

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 20 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 20 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 20 
(2) A patient has a privilege to refuse to disclose, and to prevent any other person from 
disclosing, confidential communications or records made for the purpose of diagnosis or 
treatment of the patient's mental or emotional condition, including alcoholism and other 
drug addiction, between the patient and the psychotherapist, or persons who are 
participating in the diagnosis or treatment under the direction of the psychotherapist. 
This privilege includes any diagnosis made, and advice given, by the psychotherapist in 
the course of that relationship. 
As summarized in C.L. v. Judd, 993 So.2d 991,995 (2d DCA Fla. 2007): 
Under the psychotherapist-patient privilege, a patient has a privilege to refuse to 
disclose confidential information or records made for the purpose of diagnosis or 
treatment of mental conditions, including any diagnoses made by the psychotherapist. § 
90.503(2), Fla. Stat. (2005); see Pauker v. Olson, 834 So.2d 198, 200 (Fla. 2d DCA 
2002). The psychotherapist-patient privilege does not apply: (1) during involuntary 
commitment proceedings, (2) when there is a court-ordered mental examination, or (3) 
when the patient raises and relies on the issue of his or her mental condition in litigation 
as part of any claim or defense. § 90.503(4); Roberson, 884 So.2d at 980; State v. 
Famiglietti, 817 So.2d 901, 903 (Fla. 3d DCA 2002). The privilege does not allow the 
invasion of a patient's privileged communications with his or her psychotherapist. 
Roberson, 884 So.2d at 979. 
Significantly, Epstein has not placed his medical history at issue. In Breeden v. Cook, 859 
So. 2d 1276 (Fla. 4th DCA 2003), the court quashed an order compelling production of mental 
health records in a medical malpractice suit involving a failed ankle surgery finding that patient's 
mental health was irrelevant to claims asserted. See also Pusateri v. Fernandez, 707 So. 2d 892, 
893 (Fla. 2d DCA 1998) (quashing order directing physicians to produce patient's medical 
record as the records were not relevant to any pending claim or defense nor were reasonably 
calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence); Fla. Dept. of Corrections v. Abril, 
969 So. 2d 201, 205-06 (Fla. 2007) (noting that "Florida has a long tradition of recognizing the 
privacy interests of patients in confidential medical records."); and State v. Cashner, 819 So. 2d 
227, 229 (Fla. 4th DCA 2002) (holding that since "the compelled disclosure of a patient's 
medical records encroaches upon a patient's right to privacy, the state must demonstrate it has a 
compelling interest in the information contained in those records."). Plaintiff must also show 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 21 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 21 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV801 19 
Page No. 21 
that the requested information is relevant to the disputed issues of the underlying action. See 
Young Circle Garage, LLC. v. Koppel, 916 So. 2d 22 (Fla. 4th DCA 2005); see also Equitable 
Life Assurance Society of the United States v. Daisy Worldwide, Inc., 702 So. 2d 263 (Fla. 3d 
DCA 1997). Plaintiff has failed to meet this burden and, in doing so, has also failed to show any 
substantial need for the documents 
If this court orders production of the requested information (which it should not), an in 
camera inspection should be had to determine, as to each document, whether Fla. Stat. §39.204 is 
applicable. See DE 242, p.15; Carson v. Jackson, 466 So.2d 1188, 1192 (Fla. 4th DCA 1985); 
and Doherty v. John Doe No. 22, 957 So.2d 1267 (4th DCA 2007). A reading of these cases 
clearly establishes that Fla. Stat. §39.204 does not provide Plaintiff with a carte blanche access to 
Defendant's medical history, especially those of non-testifying consulting experts. 
Wherefore, Epstein respectfully requests that this Court issue and order: 
a. 
finding that the danger Epstein faces by being forced to respond to the 
above requests is substantial and real, and not merely trifling or imaginary; 
b. 
sustaining Epstein's Fifth Amendment Privilege and other delineated 
constitutional privileges as it relates to the above requests and denying Plaintiffs Motion 
in that regard; and 
c. 
for such other and further relief as this Court deems just and proper. 
By:__.:=. ___ 
_.::,.. __ 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 22 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 22 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 22 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
CM/ECF on this_ day of October, 2009 
Respectfully ~-ed_, __ __, 
By: __ ,,L(_ 
___ -___ _ 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
rcrit@bclclaw.com 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
mpike@bclclaw.com 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsel.for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
ssm@sexabuseattorney.com 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
Counsel for Plaintiffs 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 08-
80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 08-
80994 
Richard Horace Willits, Esq. 
Richard H. Willits, P.A. 
2290 10th Avenue North 
Suite 404 
Lake Worth, FL 33461 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-522-3456 
Fax: 954-527-8663 
bedwards@1Ta-law.com 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-
80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
ProHac Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 339    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/06/2009   Page 23 of 23
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-2   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 23 of 23
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 23 
561-582-7600 
Fax: 561-588-8819 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-
80811 
reelrhw@hotmail.com 
Jack Scarola, Esq. 
Jack P. Hill, Esq. 
Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley, 
P.A. 
2139 Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard 
West Palm Beach, FL 33409 
561-686-6300 
Fax: 561-383-9424 
isx@searcylaw.com 
iph@searcylaw.com 
Counsel.for Plaintiff, C.MA. 
Bruce Reinhart, Esq. 
Bruce E. Reinhart, P.A. 
250 S. Australian Avenue 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-202-6360 
Fax: 561-828-0983 
ecf@brucereinhartlaw.com 
Counsel.for Defendant Sarah Kellen 
Theodore J. Leopold, Esq. 
Spencer T. Kuvin, Esq. 
Leopold, Kuvin, P.A. 
2925 PGA Blvd., Suite 200 
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 
561-684-6500 
Fax: 561-515-2610 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-
08804 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-
80469 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
305 358-2800 
Fax: 305 358-2382 
riosefsberg@podhurst.com 
kezell@podhurst.com 
Counsel for Plaintifft in Related Cases Nos. 
09-80591 and 09-80656 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
iagesg@bellsouth.net 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-02.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-03.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-03.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE,   
CASE NO.  08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
_________________________________/ 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381,  
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
__________________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE’S REPLY TO RESPONSE [DE 339] TO MOTION TO 
COMPEL ANSWERS TO PLAINTFF’S FIRST REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION  
Plaintiff Jane Doe, hereby replies to defendant Jeffrey Epstein’s response (DE 
339 in consolidated case no. 08-CIV-80119) to her motion to compel answers to her first 
request for production.  Epstein should be compelled to provide the requested 
information, because it is not properly subject to a Fifth Amendment invocation.   
SPECIFIC REQUESTS FOR PRODUCTION 
Request No. 5. 
Jane Doe withdraws this request. 
Requests No. 7, 9 and 10 
Request No. 7:  All discovery information obtained by you or your attorneys as a result 
of the exchange of discovery in the State criminal case against you or the Federal 
investigation against you. 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 1 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.  In addition to and without waiving his constitutional 
privileges, the information sought is privileged and confidential, and 
inadmissible to the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Federal 
Rule of Evidence 410 and 408, and § 90.410, Fla. Stat.  Further, the 
request may include information subject to work product or an attorney-
client privilege. 
Request No. 9:  Any documents or other evidentiary materials provided to local, state, 
or federal law enforcement investigators or local, state or federal prosecutors 
investigating your sexual activities with minors. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.  In addition to and without waiving his constitutional 
privileges, the information sought is privileged and confidential, and 
inadmissible pursuant to the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, 
Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 408, and § 90.410, Fla. Stat. 1   Further, 
the request may include information subject to work product or an 
attorney-client privilege. 
Request No. 10:  All correspondence between you and your attorneys and state or 
federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited to, letters to and from 
the States Attorney’s office or any agents thereof). 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 2 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.  In addition to and without waiving his constitutional 
privileges, the information sought is privileged and confidential, and 
inadmissible pursuant to the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, 
Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 408, and § 90.410, Fla. Stat.   Further, the 
request may include information subject to work product or an attorney-
client privilege. 
Reply to Epstein’s Response: 
These requests simply seek information that the federal government gave to 
Epstein in the course of its plea discussions with him.  Remarkably, Epstein claims that 
these materials – which started in the government’s possession -- are now somehow 
transformed and given Fifth Amendment protection by his mere receipt of them.  The 
Fifth Amendment does not work such alchemy. 
It is true, of course, that the Fifth Amendment covers situations where the act of 
producing documents has “communicative aspects of its own, wholly aside from the 
contents of the papers produced.”  Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976).  
But this “act of production” doctrine has stringent limits.  It does not extend, for example, 
to a claim by a taxpayer that he would incriminate himself by producing his accountant’s 
work papers.  As the Supreme Court has explained, the government’s awareness of  
these documents was “a foregone conclusion” and therefore their production could be 
required: 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 3 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
It is doubtful that implicitly admitting the existence and possession 
of the papers rises to level of testimony within the protection of the Fifth 
Amendment.  The papers belong to the accountant, were prepared by 
him, and are the kind usually prepared by an accountant working on the 
tax returns of his client.  Surely the Government is in no way relying on the 
“truthtelling” of the taxpayer to prove the existence of . . . the documents.  
The existence and location of the papers are a foregone conclusion. 
Fisher, 425 U.S. at 410 (emphasis added).   
Courts applying this “foregone conclusion” standard to various fact patterns have 
asked whether the government was aware of the documents’ existence apart from any 
actions of the defendant.  Thus, United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27 (2000), rejected 
the Government’s argument that it was a foregone conclusion that the defendant 
possessed “ordinary business records.”  The Court noted that the government had no 
“prior knowledge” of these records: 
Whatever the scope of this “foregone conclusion” rationale, the facts of 
this case plainly fall outside of it.  While in Fisher the Government already 
knew that the documents were in the attorney’s possession and could 
independently confirm their existence and authenticity through the 
accountants who created them, here the Government has not shown that 
it had any prior knowledge of either the existence or the whereabouts of 
the 13,120 pages of documents ultimately produced by respondent.   
Id. at 44 (emphasis added). 
In this case, of course, the government’s “prior knowledge” of the documents that 
Jane Doe seeks is obviously and undeniably a foregone conclusion.  The government 
itself gave Epstein the documents!  Therefore, there is no plausible argument that, in 
producing these documents to Jane Doe, Epstein will somehow be incriminating himself 
by disclosing to the government something that it does not already know.  The 
government clearly has prior knowledge of documents that it gave to Epstein.  Here, 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 4 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
then, the “existence and location of the documents . . . are a ‘foregone conclusion’ and 
[Epstein] . . . adds little or nothing to the sum total of the Government’s information by 
conceding that he in fact has the documents.”  In re Grand Jury Subpoena, Dated April 
18, 2003, 383 F.3d 905, 910 (9th Cir. 2004).   
The D.C. Circuit has recently refused to extend the act of production doctrine to 
facts very similar to those here.  In United States v. Ponds, 454 F.3d 313 (D.C. Cir. 
2006), federal prosecutors sought information about possible crimes committed by a 
defense attorney in the course of representing a defendant in a federal case.  The 
prosecutors subpoenaed the attorney to produce all correspondence between him and 
courts and prosecutors in that case.  In summarily rejecting an argument that producing 
the documents would somehow fall within the act of production doctrine of the Fifth 
Amendment, the D.C. Circuit explained that “the government must have known of the 
existence of documents . . . because it was a party to that correspondence.”  Id.  at 325. 
The Circuit further explained that the government’s subpoena need not “name every 
scrap of paper that is produced.  Because the government already had sufficient 
knowledge about the . . . [case-related] documents, . . . [the defense attorney] was 
simply surrendering them, not testifying, by complying with those demands in the 
subpoena.”  Id.  Other cases similarly reject attempts to use an act of production shield 
to turning over documents whose existence is known to the government or is a foregone 
conclusion.  See, e.g. In re Grand Jury Subpoena Duces Tecum Dated Oct. 29, 1992, 1 
F.3d 87, 93 (2d Cir. 1993) (rejecting act of production argument because compliance 
with subpoena requiring production of a personal calendar “would require mere 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 5 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
surrender of the calendar, and not testimony” (internal quotation omitted)); United 
States v. Clark, 847 F.2d 1467, 1473 (10th Cir. 1988) (accounting records not subject to 
act of production protection; in producing records the defendant would not “authenticate 
the documents as being his own or being accurate”); Securities and Exchange 
Commission v. First Jersey Securities, Inc., 843 F.2d 74, 76 (2d Cir. 1988) (rejecting act 
of production argument regarding bank records because “everybody knew that they 
existed”); ]”); United States v. Lang, 792 F.2d 1235, 1242 (4th Cir. 1986) (rejecting act 
of production argument regarding bank records because an IRS agent “had been given 
access to and has examined some or all of the records” and thus the defendants “act of 
producing those records would add little or nothing to the sum total of the Government’s 
knowledge of the existence and location of the summoned records”). 
Rather than discuss specific case law about the act of production doctrine, 
Epstein retreats into mere generalities.  Thus, he asserts that giving to Jane Doe the 
discovery produced by the government might disclose witnesses helpful to Jane Doe.  
Epstein’s Resp. at 7. But this assertion badly confuses how the Fifth Amendment works.  
Of course, the government’s documents have information that might be harmful to 
Epstein’s claims of innocence; presumably that is why the government was showing him 
the documents in the first place to convince him to plead guilty to a crime.  But it is a 
“settled proposition that a person may be required to produce specific documents even 
though they contain incriminating assertions of fact or belief . . . .”  United States v. 
Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 35 (2000).  The only question here is whether turning over the 
government’s own documents to Jane Doe somehow forces Epstein to provide 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 6 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
“testimony” to the government – something forbidden by the Fifth Amendment.  Epstein 
has no such viable claim here. 
Epstein also argues that the magistrate judge’s earlier omnibus order (doc. # 339 
in case no. 9:08-CV-80119) requires that request for production be denied.  This is 
untrue for several reasons.  First, the earlier requests that were apparently denied2 were 
broader than the narrow requests made by Jane Doe.  The earlier requests included, for 
example, a request for all documents “relating to” the federal non-prosecution 
agreement (Production Request No. 2), all documents “relating to” Epstein’s Florida 
guilty plea (Production Request No. 3), and all documents obtained in “investigation 
relating to” either the federal or state criminal investigations.  See Epstein’s Resp. at 8 
(quoting those requests).  Such overbroad requests might require Epstein to effectively 
make “use of the content of his mind” in identifying which documents were responsive.  
See Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 43.  But here Jane Doe has propounded far narrower requests 
that do not require any mind to pick and choose.  Indeed, Jane Doe’s request is 
significantly narrower that other requests that the United States Supreme Court and 
other courts have upheld.  See, e.g., Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 394 (1976) 
(rejecting Fifth Amendment challenge to subpoena requesting “accountant’s workpapers 
pertaining to Dr. E.J. Mason’s books and records of 1969, 1970, and 1971); United 
States v. Ponds, 454 F.3d 313, 325 (D.C. Cir. 2006) (rejecting Fifth Amendment 
challenge to subpoena requesting  “[a]ny and all correspondence between the Law 
The magistrate judge’s order on this point actually states that it was Epstein’s motion to quash that was “denied.”  
See Order at 17 (“Defendant’s Motion as it relates to Production Requests 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 14, 15, 16, 17, and 20 is 
denied.” (emphasis added)).  Read in context, it appears that the magistrate judge intended to state that the 
defendant’s motion was granted.   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 7 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Offices of Navron Ponds [the defendant] and courts and prosecutors in the matter of 
U.S. v. Jerome Harris” (internal bracketing omitted)); United States v. Clark, 847 F.2d 
1467, 1473 (10th Cir. 1988) (rejecting Fifth Amendment challenge to subpoena 
requesting “all records pertaining to the performance of any accounting service by [one 
named person to another named person. 
The magistrate judge’s earlier order is also not controlling here for a second 
reason.  That order was entered in a case that has been consolidated with Jane Doe’s 
case for discovery purposes.  But Jane Doe was not a party to the earlier ruling and did 
not have the opportunity to provide briefing and argument before the magistrate judge 
ruled.  In this case, of course, Jane Doe has had that opportunity and has now provided 
recent precedents clearly dictating that her specific motion should be granted.  See, 
e.g., United States v. Ponds, 454 F.3d 313, 325 (D.C. Cir. 2006) (Fifth Amendment 
privilege does not extend to correspondence to which the government was a party).   
Epstein also argues some sort of attorney-client or work-product privilege bars 
production of the documents.  This argument is frivolous.  The attorney-client privilege, 
for example, extends only to a “confidential communication” made in the course of 
“rendition of legal services to the client.”  Fla. Stat. Ann. § 90.502(2).  Documents given 
by the government to Epstein are obviously not confidential communications within the 
sense of the attorney client privilege.  Similarly, the documents are not work product, 
because they do not involve any creation by Epstein’s attorneys.  See, e.g., Balboa v. 
State, 446 So.2d 1134, 1135 (Fla. App. 1984) (“opinions, theories, or conclusions of 
attorneys are privileged, but statements of witnesses to attorneys are not”).   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 8 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Epstein finally claims that the information is protected by Federal Rules of 
Evidence 408 and 410, regarding settlement discussions and plea negotiations.  Those 
federal rules3 have no bearing Jane Doe’s requests for production number 7 and 9, 
which seek respectively discovery provided by the government and “evidentiary 
materials” provided by the government.  These are simply not “offers to compromise,” 
Fed. R. Evid. 408, or “plea discussions,” Fed. R. Evid. 410, to which the rules apply.   
While Rules 408 and 410 do not covers requests number 7 and 9, they 
potentially cover Jane Doe’s request number 10, seeking correspondence regarding the 
plea discussions in this case.  These rules, however, provide no valid basis for resisting 
Jane Doe’s discovery requests.  Discovery is, of course, permitted “regarding any 
nonprivileged matter that is relevant” to Jane Doe’s claims.  Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(1) 
(emphasis added).  The Rules of Evidence regarding settlement discussions do not 
create any privileges.  It is possible that Epstein may argue that these rules ultimately 
bar the use of certain evidence at trial.  If these arguments are made, Jane Doe will 
respond in due course.4  But under the discovery rules “[r]elevant information need not 
be admissible at the trial if the discovery appears reasonably calculated to lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence.”  Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b).  Thus, discovery is “construed 
broadly to encompass any matter that bears on, or that reasonably could lead to 
Epstein also cites several analogous state rules of evidence, which are likewise inapplicable for the 
reasons explained regarding the federal rule.   
Both rules contains exemptions, allowing such evidence to be used to prove such things as “state of 
mind,”  “bias and prejudice,” or other things apart from mere liability for the matter under discussion.  See, 
e.g., United States v. Peed, 714 F.2d 7, 9-10 (4th Cir. 1983) (admitting defendant’s offer to return missing 
property because it appeared motivated by purpose of persuading victim to drop criminal charges rather 
than to compromise civil claim).  The Florida rules that Epstein cites, even though not applicable in this 
federal case, are also subject to similar exemptions.   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 9 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
another matter that could bear on any issue that is or may be in the case.”  
Oppenheimer Fund, Inc. v. Sanders, 437 U.S. 340, 352 (1978).  The correspondence 
with the government agencies may well point Jane Doe in the direction of admissible 
evidence, and therefore Epstein should be compelled to provide the correspondence 
sought in request number 10.   
In a last desperate attempt to thwart production, Epstein appeals to “third-party 
privacy rights.”  Epstein’s Resp. at 11.  Given the extent to which Epstein’s hired 
investigators have concluded interrogations of anyone even remotely connected with 
this case, this appeal to privacy interests rings rather hollow.  In any event, it is odd to 
think that the privacy rights of these third persons do not interfere with Epstein himself 
(a convicted sex offender) reviewing these materials but forbid equal viewing by 
attorneys for a victim who was victimized by him.  In any event, none of the authorities 
cited by Epstein are remotely similar to the case at hand.  Epstein’s argument should 
therefore be rejected summarily.   
Requests No. 8, 11, 14, and 15 
Request No. 8:  All financial documents evidencing asset transfers from 2005 to present 
for you personally or any company or corporation owned by you. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 10 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Request No. 11:  Any and all documents reflecting your current net worth. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution.   
Request No. 14:  A sworn statement of your net worth (including a detailed financial 
statement depicting all current assets and liabilities). 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to respond to all 
relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me 
that at the present time I cannot select authenticate, and produce documents relevant to 
this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be 
unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. 
Request No. 15:  All financial statements or affidavits produced by you for any reason, 
to any person, company, entity or corporation since 2005. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 11 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution; overly broad. 
Reply to Epstein’s Response: 
Epstein’s main argument to turning over financial records is that he has 
explained in two sealed documents (doc. #282 and doc. #283) why producing financial 
records would incriminate him.  Of course, because these documents are sealed, Jane 
Doe has no way of determining one way or other whether Epstein’s assertions are true.  
Jane Doe therefore respectfully asks the Court to make its determination of the issue, 
mindful of the fact that it is proceeding without the benefit of an adversarial presentation 
from Jane Doe.  
If the Court concludes that the materials in DE 282 and DE 283 do demonstrate 
that Epstein would incriminate himself by discussing his assets – and, in particular, his 
recent transfers of assets to overseas locations and elsewhere – then the Court should 
consider the information in deciding whether to grant Jane Doe’s motion for Preliminary 
Injunction Restraining Fraudulent Transfer of Assets [DE165], for reasons that Jane 
Doe explains in her concurrently-filed Notice that Additional Evidence of Epstein’s 
Fraudulent Asset Transfers Will Be Filed shortly and  Motion for Consideration by the 
Court  of Materials in DE 282 and DE 283 in Determining Motion for Appointment of a 
Receiver. 
Epstein’s other generic objections are makeweight and should be rejected.  The 
financial records are relevant to a variety of issues in the case, including Jane Doe’s 
efforts to show a conspiracy and to obtain punitive damages.   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 12 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Request No. 12: 
Request No. 12:  Personal tax returns for all years from 2002 through the present. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution; overly broad. 
Reply to Epstein’s Response: 
Epstein’s refusal to turn over his filed tax returns is absurd.  For all the reasons 
explained earlier in connection with Requests 7, 9 and 10, the government (i.e., the 
IRS) already has a copy of these returns. Therefore, it can hardly be incriminating for 
Epstein to produce them.   
There is an additional, independent reason for rejecting Epstein’s refusal to 
produce his tax returns.  Tax records, including in particular filed tax returns, are 
“required records” that are not covered by the Fifth Amendment.  See, e.g., Rajah v. 
Mukasey, 544 F.3d 427, 442 (2nd Cir. 2008) (“. . . a taxpayer’s W-2 forms are required 
records not subject to the Fifth Amendment because they are a mandatory part of a civil 
regulatory regime . . . . “); In re Doe, 711 F.2d 1187, 1191 (2d Cir. 1983) (“we have little 
difficulty applying the required records exception to the W-2 . . . forms” and ordering 
production of W-2 forms over Fifth Amendment objection);  In re Doe, 97  F.R.D. 640, 
644-45 (S.D.N.Y. 1982) (ordering production of physician’s W-2 forms as required 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 13 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
records); In re Grand Jury Empanelled March 19, 1989, 541 F.Supp. 1, 3 (D.N.J. 1981). 
(ordering the production of tax returns and W-2 statements to a grand jury), aff'd, 680 
F.2d 327, 336 n. 15 (3rd Cir. 1982) (“[W]e affirm that those subpoenaed documents in 
the appellee's possession which are required either to be kept by law or to be disclosed 
to a public agency should be produced for the grand jury's inspection.”), aff'd in part, 
rev'd in part on other grounds sub nom. United States v. Doe, 465 U.S. 605, 608 n.3 
(1984).  Of course, in all these cases, tax returns were ordered produced even though a 
federal statute (cited by Epstein) makes tax returns “confidential.”  See 26 U.S.C. § 
6103.  In all these cases, the confidentiality of provided by the IRS statute was 
obviously and properly overridden by the discovery procedures found in Fed. R. Civ. P. 
26. 
Request No. 13:  A photocopy of your passport, including any supplemental pages 
reflecting travel to locations outside the 50 United States between 2002 and 2008, 
including any documents or records regarding plane tickets, hotel receipts, or 
transportation arrangements. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional 
protections and privileges, the scope of information is so overbroad that it 
seeks information that is neither relevant nor reasonably calculated to lead 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 14 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
to the discovery of admissible evidence; compiling such information over a 
six year period would be unduly burdensome and time consuming.5   
Reply to Epstein’s Response: 
Here again, Epstein has no good basis for refusing to turn over something that 
the government is aware of and has inspected.  Epstein has had to produce his 
passport to government immigration agents whenever he leaves or enters the United 
States.  There is no valid Fifth Amendment basis for refusing the same opportunity to 
Jane Doe. 
In addition, like income tax records, a passport is a “required record” for which no 
Fifth Amendment privilege is available.  See Rajah v. Mukasey, 544 F.3d 427, 442 (2nd 
Cir. 2008) (“Just as a taxpayer’s W-2 forms are required records not subject to the Fifth 
Amendment because they are a mandatory part of a civil regulatory regime, so too are 
the passports . . . at issue in the current case”).    
Request No. 16. 
Request No. 16:  All medical records of Defendant Epstein from Dr. Stephan Alexander. 
Defendant is asserting his U.S. constitutional privileges.  I intend to 
respond to all relevant questions regarding this lawsuit, however, my 
attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must 
accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation.  Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under 
the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United 
States Constitution.  Drawing an adverse inference under these 
circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
Jane Doe believes that Epstein used overseas travel as a means of obtaining underage girls for sexual 
purposes and for avoiding criminal prosecution for such activities.  Also, providing a copy of a passport is 
hardly “burdensome.”  Also, given the fact that Epstein is likely to have used the services of a travel agent 
or another intermediary, it should not be difficult for him to provide evidence of his overseas travels from 
such intermediaries.  
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 15 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 15 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate 
the Constitution. 
Reply to Epstein’s Response: 
Epstein claims, but does not prove, that he has hired Dr. Stephen Alexander as 
an expert witness in this case.  He contends that he is therefore no obligated to turn 
over Dr. Alexander’s records. 
Jane Doe understands that Dr. Alexander was Epstein’s physician before this 
litigation ever started.  Therefore, as to all records before such hiring, there is no 
protection.  Even after such hiring, it would be Epstein’s burden to show that certain 
medical examinations were done for purposes of litigation to prove work-product 
protection – a burden Epstein has not attempted to meet. 
Epstein also notes that the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act 
(“HIPAA”) requires that records be disclosed in civil discovery only under an order 
insuring confidentiality.  Jane Doe has no objection to such a confidentiality order.  
Finally, Epstein argues that some of the records may be protected by the Florida doctor-
patient privilege.  Fla. Stat. § 90.503(2).  Epstein, however, is required to demonstrate 
that the elements of the privilege are satisfied on a document-by-document basis.  
Epstein has failed to do this and the documents should therefore be produced (or, in the 
alternative, Epstein should make an in camera submission showing how each document 
is privileged). 
CONCLUSION 
For all these reasons, the Court should compel Epstein to answer the requests 
for production discussed above. 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 16 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 16 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
DATED October 16, 2009 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER 
Las Olas City Centre 
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 522-3456 
Facsimile (954) 527-8663 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: bedwards@rra-law.com 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice  
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on October 16, 2009 I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the 
manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to 
receive electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 17 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 17 of 18

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Jgoldberger@agwpa.com 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcritton@bclclaw.com 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Jack Patrick Hill 
iph@searcylaw.com 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
KEzell@podhurst.com 
Michael James Pike 
MPike@bclclaw.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
cassellp@bclclaw.com 
Richard Horace Willits 
lawyerswillits@aol.com 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
rjosefsberg@podhurst.com 
Adam D. Horowitz 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
Stuart S. Mermelstein 
ssm@sexabuseattorney.com 
William J. Berger 
wberger@rra-law.com 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 354    Entered on FLSD Docket 10/16/2009   Page 18 of 18
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-3   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 18 of 18


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-03.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-04.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-04.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE,   
CASE NO.  08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
_________________________________/ 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381,  
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
__________________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE’S NOTICE OF 90 DAYS EXPIRING  
ON MOTIONS TO COMPEL  
Plaintiff, Jane Doe, pursuant to Local Rule 7.1.B.3, to give notice that more than 
days have elapsed on three pending motions regarding her case (No. 9:08-CV-
80893-KAM).  Because these motions are discovery motions, they were filed in the 
consolidated case (9:08-cv-80119-KAM) pursuant to this Court’s consolidation order.   
1. 
On July 10, 2009, Jane Doe filed (1) a Motion to Compel Responses to 
Plaintiff’s Request for Production (dkt. #194 in 9:08-cv-80119-KAM), (2) a Motion to 
Compel Responses to Plaintiff’s Request for Production (dkt. #195), and (3) a Motion to 
Compel Answers to Plaintiff’s Interrogatories (dkt. #196).   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 453    Entered on FLSD Docket 01/22/2010   Page 1 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 4

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
2. 
After 
defendant 
Epstein 
received 
an 
extension, 
he 
filed 
responses/objections to all three of these motions on October 6, 2009 (dkts. #339, 342, 
343). 
3. 
Jane Doe filed her reply to these responses on October 16, 2009 (dkts. 
#354, 355, and 356).  
4. 
More than 90 days has now elapsed since the filing of those replies (and, 
in addition, since the filing of the original motions).  For the reasons offered in her 
pleadings, Jane Doe respectfully requests that her motions be granted.   
DATED: January 22, 2010 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice  
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 453    Entered on FLSD Docket 01/22/2010   Page 2 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 4

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on January 22, 2010 electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the 
manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to 
receive electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Jgoldberger@agwpa.com 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcritton@bclclaw.com 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Jack Patrick Hill 
iph@searcylaw.com 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
KEzell@podhurst.com 
Michael James Pike 
MPike@bclclaw.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
cassellp@bclclaw.com 
Richard Horace Willits 
lawyerswillits@aol.com 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 453    Entered on FLSD Docket 01/22/2010   Page 3 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 4

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
rjosefsberg@podhurst.com 
Adam D. Horowitz 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
Stuart S. Mermelstein 
ssm@sexabuseattorney.com 
William J. Berger 
wberger@rra-law.com 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 453    Entered on FLSD Docket 01/22/2010   Page 4 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-4   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 4


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-04.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-05.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-05.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT  
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA  
CASE NO. 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON
JANE DOE NO. 2,     
 Plaintiff, 
vs.  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,   
Defendant. 
____________________________________/  
Related cases:
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994,
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469,
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092
____________________________________/  
OMNIBUS ORDER
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on the following motions: (1) Plaintiff’s Motion to
Compel Answers to Plaintiff’s First Request for Production(D.E. #194 and #210);  (2)
Plaintiff’s Motion to Compel Answers to Plaintiff’s First Request for Admissions (D.E. #195
and #211); and, (3) Plaintiff’s Motion to Compel Answers to Interrogatories (D.E.#196 and
#212).  
In this case, which has been consolidated for purposes of discovery, Plaintiffs are
former under-age girls who allege they were sexually assaulted by Defendant, Jeffrey
Epstein (“Epstein”), at his Palm Beach mansion home.  The scheme is alleged to have
taken place over the course of several years in or around 2004-2005, when the girls in
question were approximately 16 years of age.  As part of this scheme, Epstein, with the
help of his assistant Sarah Kellen, allegedly lured economically disadvantaged  minor girls
to his homes in Palm beach, New York and St. Thomas, with the promise of money in
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 1 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 14

exchange for a massage.  Epstein purportedly transformed the massage into a sexual
assault.  The three-count Complaint alleges sexual assault and battery (Count I),
intentional infliction of emotional distress (Count II), and, coercion and enticement to sexual
activity in violation of 18 U.S.C. §2422 (Count III).  
In 2008, Epstein entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement with the United States
Attorney General’s Office for the Federal Southern District of Florida and the State
Attorney’s Office for Palm Beach County. Under the terms of the Non-Prosecution
Agreement, any criminal prosecution against Epstein is deferred as long as he abides by
the certain terms and conditions contained therein. If at any time the United States
Attorney’s Office has reason to believe Epstein is in breach of the Agreement, it need only
provide Epstein’s counsel with notice of the breach and then move forward with Epstein’s
prosecution.  Accordingly, the mere fact the Government and Epstein have entered into
a Non-Prosecution Agreement does not mean that Epstein is free from future criminal
prosecution. 
In each of these motions Plaintiff Jane Doe seeks to compel answers to certain
requests for admissions, interrogatories and requests for production that were propounded
on Defendant Epstein.  Defendant has responded by asserting several objections, the
primary one of which is an assertion of his Fifth Amendment privilege.
The Fifth Amendment serves as a guarantee against testimonial compulsion and
provides, in relevant part, that “[n]o person...shall be compelled in any Criminal Case to be
a witness against himself.” Id.  In practice, the Fifth Amendment’s privilege against self-
incrimination “permits a person not to answer official questions put to him in any other
proceeding, civil or criminal, formal or informal, where the answers might incriminate him
in future criminal proceedings.” Edwin v. Price, 778 F.2d 668, 669 (11th Cir. 1985)(citing
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 2 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 14

Lefkowitz v. Turley, 414 U.S. 70, 77 (1973)).   The privilege is accorded “liberal
construction in favor of the right it was intended to secure,”  Hoffman v. United States, 341
U.S. 479, 486 (1951), and extends not only to answers that would in themselves support
a criminal conviction, but extends also to those answers which would furnish a link in the
chain of evidence needed to prosecute the claimant for a crime.  Id.; Blau v. United States,
340 U.S. 159 (1950).  Thus, information is protected by the privilege not only if it would
support a criminal conviction, but also in those instances where “the responses would
merely ‘provide a lead or clue’ to evidence having a tendency to incriminate.” United States
v. Neff, 615 F.2d 1235, 1239 (9th Cir.), cert. denied, 447 U.S. 925 (1980).  
The Fifth Amendment’s privilege against self-incrimination comes into play only in
those instances where the witness has “reasonable cause to apprehend danger from a
direct answer.” Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 486 (citing Mason v. United States, 244 U.S. 362, 365
(1917)).  “The claimant must be ‘confronted by substantial and ‘real,’ and not merely trifling
or imaginary, hazards of incrimination.” United States v. Apfelbaum, 445 U.S. 115, 128
(1980).
When the Fifth Amendment privilege is raised as a bar to discovery, a blanket
refusal to answer questions or to produce documents is improper. Anglada v. Sprague, 822
F.2d 1035, 1037 (11th Cir. 1987).  Instead, the privilege must be asserted in response to
a particular question, and in each instance the burden is on the claimant to justify
invocation of the privilege.  Id. Once a particularized showing has been made, “[i]t is for the
court to decide whether a witness’ silence is justified and to require him to answer if it
clearly appears to the court that the witness asserting the privilege is mistaken as to its
validity.” In re Morganroth, 718 F.2d 161, 166-67 (6th Cir. 1983). In making this
determination the judge is instructed to view the facts and evidence presented on a case-
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 3 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 14

by-case basis, and “must be governed as much by his perception of the peculiarities of the
case, as by the facts actually in evidence.” Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 487.  
The law is well established that the Fifth Amendment privilege may not apply to
specific documents “even though they contain incriminating assertions of fact or belief,
because the creation of those documents was not ‘compelled’ within the meaning of the
privilege.” United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 35-36 (2000). However, in certain
instances, “‘the act of production’ itself may implicitly communicate ‘statements of fact.’”
Id.  For this reason the Fifth Amendment privilege also encompasses the circumstance
where the act of producing documents in response to a subpoena or production request
has a compelled testimonial aspect Id.  Thus, in those instances where the existence
and/or location of the requested documents are unknown, or where production would
“implicitly authenticate” the requested documents, the act of producing responsive
documents is considered testimonial and is protected by the Fifth Amendment. In re Grand
Jury Subpoena, 1 F.3d 87, 93 (2d Cir. 1993); see also Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S.
391, 410 (1976)(issue expressed as whether compliance with a document request or
subpoena “tacitly conceded” the item’s authenticity, existence or possession by the
defendant). 
The Court begins with an analysis of the Fifth Amendment privilege as applied to
each request or category of requests. In the event the Court determines that a certain
request does not infringe upon Epstein’s Fifth Amendment privilege, Epstein’s additional
objections to that request shall be addressed. Where appropriate, the Court looks to
Epstein’s Response Memorandum for more particularized objections, rather than relying
solely on Epstein’s objections as initially stated, which in some cases are less specific in
nature.
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 4 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 14
--- --- ----------------

REQUESTS FOR ADMISSIONS
The Admission Requests at issue herein, Request Numbers 1-9 and 21-23, all
essentially seek admissions relating to the same general subject matter, namely,
Defendant’s financial history:  Epstein’s net worth (Requests 1-5, and 23); fraudulent
conveyances (Requests 6, 9, 21 and 22); real estate ownership (Requests 7-8).  Epstein
argues, and this Court agrees, that to force him to respond to these requests would involve
compelled statements that could reasonably furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed
to prosecute Epstein in future criminal proceedings or even support a criminal conviction.
Accordingly, Epstein’s objection to responding to these requests on the basis of his Fifth
Amendment Right against self incrimination is upheld and Plaintiff’s Motion is denied. 
As noted previously, the Fifth Amendment privilege against self incrimination is
accorded “liberal construction,” Hoffman, 341 U.S. at 486, and extends not only to answers
that would in themselves support a criminal conviction, but extends also to those answers
which would furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute the claimant for
a crime.  Id. Thus to be afforded protection, the answer need not necessarily be enough
to support a criminal conviction; it is enough if the response merely provides a lead or clue
to evidence having a tendency to incriminate. Neff, 615 F.2d at 1239. 
In asserting his Fifth Amendment privilege, Epstein expresses a concern that these
requests for admissions, if answered, may result in compelled testimonial communications
from Epstein regarding his financial status and history and would require him to waive his
right to decline to respond to other inquiries related to the same subject matter in this case,
the related cases and those matters outlined in Epstein’s in camera submissions at D.E.
#s 282 and 283. Given the allegations raised in the various Complaints and the elements
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 5 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 14

required to convict Epstein of a crime, and considering the background facts underlying the
case, these concerns are reasonable, real and not unjustified. It goes without saying that
being forced to admit, deny and/or identify the existence of the information sought by virtue
of an admission or denial is tantamount to forcing testimonial disclosures that would
communicate statements of fact.  Finding that such admissions or denials present a real
and substantial danger of self-incrimination in this case, in other related cases, and relative
to potential federal claims of violations, the Court concludes the subject requests are
subject to Epstein’s assertion of his Fifth Amendment privilege against self incrimination.
INTERROGATORY REQUESTS  
The interrogatories at issue here fall into three general categories: contention-type
interrogatories seeking information such as the facts upon which Defendant relies in
support of his affirmative defenses and pleading allegations and the anticipated testimony
of certain witnesses (Interrogatories 12 and 23); financial history information such as what
assets Epstein has, where such assets are located, and whether such assets have been
transferred or fraudulently concealed (Interrogatories 2-7 and 13-15); and one identity
information interrogatory seeking the names, addresses and phone numbers of Epstein’s
current accountants, financial planners or money managers (Interrogatory 17).  For the
following reasons Epstein’s objections on the basis of his Fifth Amendment privilege
against self-incrimination are upheld and Plaintiff’s Motion to Compel the subject
Interrogatory Requests is denied. 
As with the Admission Requests, Epstein argues, and this Court agrees, that to
force Epstein to answer the above-stated Interrogatories would involve compelled
statements that could reasonably furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 6 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 14

prosecute Epstein in future criminal proceedings or even support a criminal conviction.
Asking Epstein to identify persons or witnesses who may have knowledge of the events
in question, to state the facts upon which he relies in support of his affirmative defenses,
and to give an accounting of all of his assets and list all actions taken by him and those
retained by him with reference to those assets, would violate the Fifth Amendment in that
Epstein would be forced to incriminate himself in the commission of crimes.  Further, such
an order would constitute compelled testimonial admissions that could potentially provide
a link in the chain of evidence having a tendency to incriminate Epstein and would threaten
to invade his privilege against being required to produce or testify. Rudy-Glanzer v.
Glanzer, 232 F.3d 1258, 1263 (9  Cir. 2000). Accordingly, finding the sought after
th
information would result in testimonial disclosures that would communicate statements of
fact which in turn  would present a real and substantial danger of self-incrimination in this
case and other related cases as well as in areas that could result in criminal prosecution,
Epstein’s objection to responding to these requests on the basis of his Fifth Amendment
privilege against self incrimination is upheld and Plaintiff’s Motion is denied.
PRODUCTION REQUESTS
The production requests at issue here fall into four general categories: requests for
documents the federal government gave to Epstein in the course of its plea discussions
with him (Requests 7, 9 and 10); requests for financial information documents (Requests
8, 11, 14 and 15); requests for personal tax returns from 2002 to the present and for a copy
of Epstein’s passport (Requests 12 and 13); and Epstein’s medical records from Dr.
Stephen Alexander (Request 16).  Each of these categories of requests shall be addressed
in turn.  
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 7 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 14

Plaintiff’s Motion to Compel as it relates to the first category of documents,
consisting of documents the federal government  gave to Epstein in the course of its plea
discussions with him (Requests 7, 9 and 10), is granted.  The law is well established that
the Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination does not extend to documents
whose existence is known to the government or is a foregone conclusion.  Fisher, 425 U.S.
at 410; United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 44  (2000); United States v. Ponds, 454 F.3d
313, 325 (D.C. Cir. 2006).   Thus, while the Fifth Amendment covers situations where the
act of producing documents has “communicative aspects of its own wholly aside from
contents of the papers produced” Fisher, 425 U.S. at 410, the doctrine does not apply
where the government has “prior knowledge of either the existence or the whereabouts of
the...documents ultimately produced... .”  Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 44.
Requests 7, 9 and 10 seek production of documents the government itself gave to
Epstein, making the government’s prior knowledge of the documents sought an obvious
and undeniable “foregone conclusion.”   As such, Epstein can not reasonably and in good
faith argue that in producing these documents to Plaintiff he will somehow be incriminating
himself. In re Grand Jury Subpoena, 383 F.3d 905, 910 (9  Cir. 2004) (noting there can
th
be no self-incrimination by production where the “existence and location of the documents
... are a ‘foregone conclusion’ and [the claimant] ... adds little or nothing to the sum total
of the Government’s information by conceding that he in fact has the documents.”).
In an attempt to get around this settled principle of law, Epstein argues that forcing
him to give Plaintiff the discovery produced by the government would implicate the Fifth
Amendment in that such production might disclose witnesses helpful to Plaintiff. Epstein
Resp., p.7.  This argument misses the point.  As Plaintiff correctly observes, the question
is not whether the government’s documents have information that might be harmful to
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 8 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 14

Epstein’s defense, indeed, a reasonable presumption would be that the documents do
contain information harmful to Epstein and that is precisely why the government was
showing Epstein the documents in the first place; Instead, the only pertinent question is
whether turning over the government’s documents to Plaintiff somehow forces Epstein to
provide ‘testimony’ to the government in contravention of the privilege against self
incrimination guaranteed by the Fifth Amendment.  This question can only reasonably be
answered in the negative.  
Also without merit is Epstein’s argument that these requests are the same requests
the undersigned previously found subject to the Fifth Amendment. Epstein Resp., pp.7-8.
This is not the case. The earlier requests referenced by Epstein were significantly broader
than the narrow requests at issue here, including for example, a request for all documents
“relating to” the federal non-prosecution agreement, all documents “relating to” Epstein’s
Florida guilty plea, and all documents obtained in “investigation relating to” either the
federal or state criminal investigations. These requests would have required Epstein to pick
and choose which documents were responsive and in this way force Epstein to effectively
make “use of the content of his mind,” an action that would undeniably implicate the Fifth
Amendment. See Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 43.
Epstein also raises objections on the basis of the work product doctrine and the
attorney client privilege.   objections on the basis of the attorney client privilege and the
work product doctrine are rejected out of hand.  The attorney-client privilege protects
“confidential communications”  between a lawyer and his client for the purpose of obtaining
legal advice.  Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 403 (1976); U.S. v. Schaltenbrand,
930 F.2d 1554, 1562 (11th Cir.), cert. denied, 112 S.Ct. 640 (1991); In re Grand Jury
Subpoena (Bierman), 788 F.2d 1511, 1512 (11th Cir. 1986).   Under the rule, only material
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 9 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 14

 Rule 26(b)(3) was adopted in 1970 to codify the holding in Hickman v. Taylor,
329 U.S. 495 (1947).
involving confidential communications between the attorney and the client which fall within
the purview of the privilege are rendered immune from discovery.  Fisher, 425 U.S. at 403.
The documents at issue here were given by the Government to Epstein, and as such  are
clearly not confidential communications protected by the attorney client privilege.  The work
product doctrine, which protects from disclosure documents and tangible things prepared
in anticipation of litigation by or for a party or by or for that party's attorney acting for his
client, Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(3) ; In re Grand Jury Proceedings, 601 F.2d 162, 171 (5th Cir.
1979), is also not implicated as the subject documents were not created by Epstein’s
attorneys.  Id.
Finally, Epstein argues the information sought is protected from disclosure by Rules
408 and 410 of the Federal Rules of Evidence governing the admission into evidence of
documents involving settlement discussions and plea negotiations. Plaintiffs acknowledge
that Request Number 10 might, at some point, be implicated by the Rule, but they are
correct when they avail themselves of the broad federal discovery rules and argue that the
information sought, while it may ultimately be barred from use at trial, is nonetheless
subject to disclosure at the instant discovery stage. See Oppenheimer Fund, Inc. v.
Sanders, 437 U.S. 340, 352 (1978).   Accordingly, Epstein is ordered to produce the
documents subject to these Requests within ten (10) days from the date hereof.
Plaintiff’s Motion to Compel as it relates to the second category of documents,
financial information documents (Requests 8,11,14 and 15), is denied on the basis of the
Fifth Amendment. In sustaining Epstein’s Fifth Amendment privilege, the Court has
considered the facts alleged in the Complaints, the elements needed to convict Epstein of
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 10 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of 14

a crime, the particularized showing made in Epstein’s Response Brief and in camera
submission, and drawn upon the Court’s knowledge of the cases at issue.  On this basis
the Court finds the privilege raised as to these Requests valid, and asserted by Epstein
only with reference to “genuinely threatening questions.” United States v. Goodwin, 625
F.2d 693, 701 (5th Cir. 1980). 
In ruling as it does, the Court finds that ordering Epstein to produce the information
sought, information which relates to potential violations of federal law and claims,
constitutes testimonial disclosures that would communicate  statements of fact and present
a real and substantial danger of self-incrimination in both this case and other related cases
that could result in criminal prosecution.  Fisher, 425 U.S. at 410 (noting that the Fifth
Amendment covers situations where the act of producing documents has “communicative
aspects of its own wholly aside from contents of the papers produced”). The danger
Epstein faces by being forced to testify in this instance is “substantial and real, and not
merely trifling or imaginary“ as required.  Apfelbaum, 445 U.S. 128.  Accordingly, finding
the subject requests involve compelled statements that would furnish a link in the chain of
evidence needed to convict Epstein of a crime, the Court finds Epstein’s Fifth Amendment
privilege claim validly asserted.  Accordingly, Epstein’s objection is sustained and he need
not produce documents subject to these Requests.
The third category of documents requested consists of Epstein’s personal tax
returns for the year 2002 through the present (Request No. 12) and a copy of Epstein’s
U.S. Passport (Request No. 13).  Plaintiffs’ Motion as it relates to both these requests is
granted. Once again, the Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination does not
extend to documents whose existence is known to the government or is a foregone
conclusion.  Fisher, 425 U.S. at 410; Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 44; Ponds, 454 F.3d at 325 (D.C.
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 11 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of 14

Cir. 2006).   In this instance the Government, namely the IRS, already has Epstein’s tax
returns, so it can hardly be incriminating for Epstein to produce them. Id. The same is true
of Epstein’s U.S. Passport.  Since Epstein is required to show his Passport to Government
officials every time he travels outside the United States, the Government undeniably has
“prior knowledge” of the Passport’s existence, and its whereabouts is a “foregone”
conclusion. Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 44.
Even more persuasive is the fact that tax records and passports, considered by the
courts to be “required records,” are as a matter of law deemed  not subject to Fifth
Amendment protection. See, e.g., Rajah v. Mukasey, 544 F.3d 427, 442 (2d Cir.
2008)(“Just as a taxpayer’s W-2 forms are required records not subject to the Fifth
Amendment  because they are a mandatory part of a civil regulatory regime, so too are the
passports...at issue in the current case.”); In re Doe, 711 F.2d 1187, 1191 (2d Cir.
1983)(ordering production of W-2 forms over Fifth Amendment objection on grounds of
required records exception); In re Doe, 97 F.R.D. 640, 644-45 (S.D. N.Y. 1982)(same).  
Epstein’s reliance on 26 U.S.C. §6103, governing the confidentiality of tax returns,
does little to aid Epstein’s cause.  The same federal statute Epstein cites was cited by the
claimant of the privilege in the cases referred to above and in each of them the court’s
ruled that the confidentiality provided by the IRS statute was properly overridden by the
broad federal  discovery rules. Id. Accordingly, Epstein’s Fifth Amendment claim of
privilege as it relates to these Requests is rejected and Epstein has ten (10) days from the
date hereof to provide the discovery subject to these Requests. 
The last category of documents concern Epstein’s medical records from Dr. Stephen
Alexander (Request 16).  Epstein raises several objections to this category of Requests
from relevancy concerns to privilege claims.  Because Plaintiff has failed to articulate any
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 12 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of 14

reasonable basis for obtaining the documents in question, Plaintiffs’ Motion as it relates to
this request is denied.  While the scope of discovery is broad, it is not without limits.
Washington v. Brown & Williamson Tobacco, 959 F.2d 1566, 1570 (11th Cir. 1992).
Indeed the 2000 Amendment to Rule 26 has effectively limited the scope of discoverable
information to those matters which are relevant to a claim or defense in the lawsuit.
Dellacasa, LLC v. John Moriarty & Ass. Of Florida, Inc., 2007 WL 4117261 at *3 (S.D. Fla.
2007).  Courts have long held that “[w]hile the standard of relevancy [in discovery] is a
liberal one, it is not so liberal as to allow a party to ‘roam in the shadow zones of relevancy
and to explore matter which does not presently appear germane on the theory that it might
conceivably become so.’ ”  Food Lion, Inc. v. United Food & Commercial Workers Intern.
Union, 103 F.3d 1007, 1012-13 (C.A. D.C. 1997)(quoting Broadway and Ninety Sixth Street
Realty Co. v. Loew’s Inc., 21 F.R.D. 347, 352 (S.D. N.Y. 1958)); Donahay v. Palm Beach
Tours & Transp., Inc., 2007 W.L. 1119206 at *1 (S.D. Fla. 2007).  Accordingly, Plaintiffs’
Motion as it relates to Request No. 16 is denied.  Epstein has raised detailed objections
to the request, among other things calling into question the relevancy of his medical
condition in this case where, according to him, he has not placed his medical condition at
issue.  This particular objection was met by Plaintiffs with silence.  In light of the objection
made by Epstein, Plaintiffs were obligated to come back in their reply and articulate some
rational basis for seeking the records requested. Having failed in this regard, Plaintiffs’
Motion as it relates to Request No. 16 is denied and Epstein need not produce documents
responsive to this request. 
In accordance with the above and foregoing, it is hereby
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows:
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 13 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of 14

(1) Plaintiff’s Motion to Compel Answers to Plaintiff’s First Request for Production
(D.E. #194 and #210) is GRANTED IN PART AND DENIED IN PART in accordance with
the terms herein;
(2) Plaintiff’s Motion to Compel Answers to Plaintiff’s First Request for Admissions
(D.E. #195 and #211) is DENIED; and, 
(3) Plaintiff’s Motion to Compel Answers to Interrogatories (D.E.#196 and  #212) is
DENIED.  
DONE AND ORDERED this February 4, 2010, in Chambers, at West Palm Beach,
Florida.
LINNEA R. JOHNSON
UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE
CC:
The Honorable Kenneth A. Marra
All Counsel of Record
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 462    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/04/2010   Page 14 of 14
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-5   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of 14


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-05.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-06.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-06.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 464    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/09/2010   Page 1 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-6   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 4
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
--------------~/ 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
--------------~/ 
DEFENDANT'S, MOTION FOR EXTENSION DIRECTED TO THE COURT 
PURSUANT TO RULE 4, REVIEW AND APPEAL-SOUTHERN DISTRICT, IN 
CONNECTION WITH THIS COURT'S ORDER DATED FEBRUARY 4, 2010 (DE 462) 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein (hereinafter "Epstein"), by and through his 
undersigned attorneys, and Pursuant to Rule 4, Review and Appeal - Southern District, 
and other applicable rules as well as this court's discretion, respectfully moves this Court 
for an extension of time in which to " ... file with the Clerk of the Court, and serve of all 
parties written objections which shall specifically set forth the order, or part thereof, 
appealed from [and] a concise statement of the alleged error in the [] ruling, and 
statutory, rule, or case authority, in support of defendant's position." As good cause in 
support of granting the motion, Defendant states: 
I. 
This court entered an order (DE 462) stating that Epstein must provide 
documents responsive to request to numbers 7, 9, 10, 12, and 13 within 14 days from the 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 464    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/09/2010   Page 2 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-6   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 4
date of said order. Federal Rule 4 allows for an appeal to be filed within 14 days of said 
order 
2. 
Based upon the timing of the order to produce documents and the 14 day 
time period allowed for the filing of an Appeal, there remains a conflict as to the timing 
of both. Defendant needs an extension of time as a result of said timing conflict, and for 
additional the reasons set forth below. 
3. 
Defendant seeks to appeal, pursuant to Rule 4, those portions of the order 
which specifically address the above requests for production. Given the breadth of the 5th 
Amendment addressing the above requests and the fact that the order does not address 
various issues in the Response (including relevance), the Defendant respectfully requests 
an additional 15 days from February 18, 2010 within which to "file with the Clerk of the 
Court, and serve of all parties written objections which shall specifically set forth the 
order, or part thereof, appealed from [and] a concise statement of the alleged error in the 
[] ruling, and statutory, rule, or case authority, in support of defendant's position." As 
such, Defendant requests that the due date effectively be moved to August 31, 2009. 
4. 
The undersigned, Michael J. Pike, has a special set hearing in front of the 
Honorable Elizabeth Metzgen in Stuart, Florida on February 9, 2010. In addition, the 
undersigned, Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esq., is scheduled for various depositions in these 
related matters. 
5. 
This request is not made to delay and will not prejudice any of the parties. 
6. 
While this request is within the sound discretion of the court pursuant to 
Rule 4, the undersigned has consulted with opposing counsel and he has not agreed. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 464    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/09/2010   Page 3 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-6   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 4
Wherefore, the undersigned respectfully requests the relief sought herein, and for 
such other and further relief as this court deems just and proper. 
Local Rule 7.1 Statement 
Counsel for the movant conferred by telephone with counsel or the Plaintiff and 
Counsel for Plaintiff is not in agreement with the requested e 
By: __ 
-{1-
ROBERT 
· TON, JR. 
Florida 
r #2241 2 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the foregoing document is being served this day on all 
counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
electronic mail ( e-mail) on this 9!h day of February, 2010. 
Respectfully s , . 
, JR., ESQ. 
Florida 
r No. 
rcrit@bclclaw.com 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
mpike@bclclaw.com 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & 
COLEMAN 
303 Banyan Blvd., Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsel/or Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 464    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/09/2010   Page 4 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-6   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 4
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
ssm@sexabuseattorney.com 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
Counsel for Plaintiffs 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 
08-80994 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
jagesg@bellsouth.net 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Estein 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos 
& Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Avenue 
Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-524-2820 
Fax: 954-524-2822 
brad@pathtojustice.com 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hae Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 
08-80469 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-06.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-07.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-07.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE,   
CASE NO.  08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
_________________________________/ 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381,  
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
__________________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE’S OBJECTION TO EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE APPEAL 
AND, IN THE ALTERNATIVE, REQUEST FOR DIRECTION TO EPSTEIN TO BEGIN 
ASSEMBLING MATERIALS 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe, respectfully files this Objection to Defendant’s Motion for 
Extension of Time (dkt. #464). 
Epstein is apparently requesting an additional 15 days from February 18, 2010, 
to file an objection to an order from the magistrate judge that he produce documents 
that were provided to him by the Government during the discovery phase of the criminal 
case.  As the magistrate judge concluded, any purported Fifth Amendment objection to 
producing such documents is utterly groundless.  The Fifth Amendment protects a 
defendant from revealing things to the Government that it does not know.  The 
Government obviously knows what is in the documents that it gave to him.  Therefore, 
there is no legitimate Fifth Amendment objection to such production. 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 465    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/09/2010   Page 1 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 4

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
In addition, 15 days on top of the already prescribed 10 days to appeal is an 
excessively long period of time.  As the Court is aware, the discovery period prescribed 
in this case will soon draw to a close.  Jane Doe needs the documents produced quickly 
and in a timely fashion so that she can pursue any leads revealed in them during the 
discovery period. 
In the alternative, if the Court grants any extension of time to file an appeal, Jane 
Doe respectfully requests that the extension order also include a direction to Epstein to 
fully assemble all of the required documents so that, if Epstein’s appeal is rejected, the 
documents can be produced to Jane Doe without any further delay.  
DATED: February 9, 2010 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice  
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 465    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/09/2010   Page 2 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 4

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on February 9, 2010 I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the 
manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to 
receive electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 465    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/09/2010   Page 3 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 4

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Jgoldberger@agwpa.com 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcritton@bclclaw.com 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Jack Patrick Hill 
iph@searcylaw.com 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
KEzell@podhurst.com 
Michael James Pike 
MPike@bclclaw.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
cassellp@bclclaw.com 
Richard Horace Willits 
lawyerswillits@aol.com 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
rjosefsberg@podhurst.com 
Adam D. Horowitz 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
Stuart S. Mermelstein 
ssm@sexabuseattorney.com 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 465    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/09/2010   Page 4 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-7   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 4


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-07.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-08.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-08.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT  
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA  
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON  T
JANE DOE NO. 2,     
 Plaintiff, 
vs.  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,   
Defendant. 
____________________________________/  
Related cases:
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994,
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469,
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092
____________________________________/  
ORDER
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Defendant Jeffrey Epstein’s “Motion for an
Extension Directed to the Court Pursuant to Rule 4, Review and Appeal - Southern District, In
Connection with this Court’s Order Dated February 4, 2010 (DE 462).” See DE 464.  In his Motion,
Defendant seeks additional time to file an appeal of Magistrate Judge Johnson’s February 4, 2010
Order compelling production of certain documents within 14 days from the date of that Order.  Upon
consideration of the motion, response (DE 465), and reply (DE 466), it is hereby
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Defendant’s Motion for an Extension (DE 462) is
GRANTED IN PART AND DENIED IN PART as follows:
(1)  The deadline for Defendant to file an appeal of Magistrate Judge Johnson’s February 4,
2010 Order is extended to Friday, February 26, 2010.
(2)  In the event that Magistrate Judge Johnson’s February 4, 2010 Order is affirmed on
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 468    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/11/2010   Page 1 of 2
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-8   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 2

appeal, Defendant will have three (3) business days from the date of this Court’s order to produce
the documents at issue.  
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 11  day of February, 2010.
th
______________________________________
KENNETH A.  MARRA
United States District Judge
Copies to: 
all counsel of record
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 468    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/11/2010   Page 2 of 2
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-8   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 2


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-08.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-09.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-09.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 1 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 37
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
VS. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
_______________ / 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591,09-80656,09-80802,09-81092 
--------------~/ 
DEFENDANT'S, MOTION FOR RECONSIDERATION AND/OR REQUEST FOR 
RULE 4 REVIEW AND APPEAL OF PORTIONS OF THE MAGISTRATE'S ORDER 
DATED FEBRUARY 4, 2010 (DE 462), WITH INCORPORATED OBJECTIONS AND 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein (hereinafter "Epstein"), by and through his undersigned 
attorneys, hereby files his Motion for Reconsideration and/or for Request Rule 4 Review and 
Appeal of Portions of the Magistrate's Order (DE 462) pursuant to Rule 60, Fed.R.Civ.P. Rule 4, 
Rule 4(c) and Fed. R. Civ. P. 53(e). In support, Epstein states: 
I. 
Procedural Background 
Plaintiff's Motion to Compel is filed at DE (194). Defendant's Response in Opposition is 
filed at DE (339), and the arguments set forth therein are incorporated herein by reference as if 
completely set forth herein as each apply to request numbers 10, 12 and 13. 
Significantly, these cases have been consolidated for discovery. Therefore, consistent 
rulings must apply. In making those rulings, this Court must continue to recognize that the 
allegations in the related cases cannot be forgotten. 
(Jig., see DE 242, 293, and 462). 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 2 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 37
Production of information in one case could provide a link in the chain of evidence used to 
prosecute Epstein for a crime or provide an indirect link to incriminating evidence in another 
case and in another jurisdiction. Id. and infra. 
The Request for Production and the responses thereto are attached as Composite Exhibit 
"A". 
II. 
The Fifth Amendment 
The Fifth Amendment serves as a guarantee against testimonial compulsion and provides, 
in relevant part, that "[n]o person ... shall be compelled in any Criminal Case to be a witness 
against himself." (DE 242, p.5); see also Edwin v. Price, 778 F.2d 668, 669 (11th Cir. 1985) 
(citing Lefkowitz v. Turley, 414 U.S. 70, 77 (1973)). 
The privilege is accorded liberal 
construction in favor of the right and extends not only to answers that would support a criminal 
conviction, but extends also to those answers which would furnish a link in the chain of evidence 
needed to prosecute the claimant for a crime. See Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 
(1951 ). 
Information is protected by the privilege not only if it would support a criminal 
conviction, but also in those instances where "the responses would merely 'provide a lead or 
clue' to evidence having a tendency to incriminate." See United States v. Neff, 315 F.2d 1235, 
1239 (9th Cir.), cert denied, 447 U.S. 925 (1980); Blau v. United States, 340 U.S. 159 (1950); 
SEC v Leach, 156 F.Supp.2d 491,494 (E.D. PA. 2001). 
Moreover, the act of production itself may implicitly communicate statements and, for 
this reason, the Fifth Amendment privilege also encompasses the circumstances where the act of 
producing documents in response to a subpoena or production request has a compelled 
testimonial aspect. See United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 35-36 (2000). Thus, where the 
existence or location of the requested documents are unknown, or where production would 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 3 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 37
"implicitly authenticate" the requested documents, the act of producing responsive documents is 
considered testimonial and is protected by the Fifth Amendment. 
See In re Grand Jury 
Subpoena, 1 F.3d 87, 93 (2nd Cir. 1993); Rudy-Glanzer v. Glanzer, 232 F.3d 1258, 1263 (9th Cir. 
2000)(the "privilege" against self-incrimination does not depend upon the likelihood, but upon 
the possibility of prosecution and also covers those circumstances where the disclosures would 
not be directly incriminating, but could provide an indirect link to incriminating evidence). 
III. 
The Requests For Production, Argument And Memorandum Of Law 
a. 
Requests Numbers 7, 9 and 10 
Request No. 7: 
All discovery information obtained by you or your 
attorneys as a result of the exchange of discovery in the State criminal case 
against you or the Federal investigation against you. 
Request No. 9: 
Any documents or other evidentiary materials provided to 
local, state, or federal law enforcement investigators or local, state or federal 
prosecutors investigating your sexual activities with minors. 
Request No. 10: 
All correspondence between you and your attorneys and 
state or federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited to, 
letters to and from the State Attorney's office or any agents thereof). 
Response to Request Numbers 7, 9 and 10: Defendant is asserting specific 
legal objections to the production request as well as his U.S. constitutional 
privileges. I intend to produce all relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, 
however, my attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept 
this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. 
Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and 
Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would unconstitutionally 
burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his 
constitutional privileges, the information sought is privileged and confidential, 
and inadmissible pursuant to the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, 
Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request 
may include information subject to work product or an attorney-client privilege. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 4 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 37
In light of the Court's Order and the Reply which further defines exactly what Plaintiff 
seeks (DE 354, p. 3), Epstein is now permitted to cautiously elaborate on his responses. 
As to Request Number 7, Epstein and his attorneys do not have any "discovery 
information" provided to them by the federal government. 1 
As to Request Number 9, Epstein has not been given any evidentiary materials or 
evidentiary documents by the federal government. 
Request No. IO contravenes the critical public policy of encouraging the resolution of 
criminal prosecutions without trial and the concomitant understanding that defendants will be 
considerably more likely to engage in full and frank discussions with the government if they 
need not fear that statements they or their counsel make to government prosecutors will be used 
against them to their detriment. The critical importance of plea bargaining to the criminal justice 
system has long been recognized. "[W]hatever might be the situation in an ideal world, the fact is 
that the guilty plea and the often concomitant plea bargain are important components of this 
country's criminal justice system. Properly administered, they can benefit all concerned." 
Bordenkircher v. Hayes, 434 U.S. 357, 361-62 (1978), quoting Blackledge v. Allison, 431 U.S. 
63, 71 (1977). To encourage defendants to participate in the plea negotiation process, rules have 
developed to prohibit admission into evidence against the defendant of any and all statements he 
or his counsel acting on his behalf makes to government prosecutors during the plea negotiation 
process. This confidentiality protection is embodied in both Fed. R. Evid. 410 and Fed. R. Crim. 
P. 11 (f). While these rules by their express terms refer only to admissibility of evidence, the 
As set forth infra, the federal government provided Epstein with the NPA and the list attached thereto. The NPA is 
now a public document and the list, pursuant to Brad Edward's Agreement with Judge J. Colbath, remains 
confidential. 
FRE 410(4) is particularly directed to communications in matters which, like Epstein's, did not result in a plea of 
guilty to any federal charge. Fla. Stat. §90.410 provides parallel protections in state criminal matters. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 5 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 37
purposes and policies underlying these rules in instructive in this context, in which a civil 
plaintiff seeks discovery of documents falling within the scope of these two rules. 
Rule 410 was created to promote active plea negotiations and plea bargains, which our 
Supreme Court has acknowledged are "important components of this country's criminal 
justice system." ... Our Court of Appeals has held that "in order for plea bargaining to 
work effectively and fairly, a defendant must be free to negotiate without fear that this 
statements will later be used against him." ... Indeed, absent the protection of Rule 410, 
"the possibility of self-incrimination would discourage defendants from being completely 
candid and open during plea negotiations." 
S.E.C. v. Johnson, 534 F.Supp.2d 63, 66-67 (D.D.C. 2008), quoting United States v. Davis, 617 
F.2d 677,683 (D.C.Cir. 1980). See, M,, United States v. Mezzanatto, 513 U.S. 196,205,207 
(l 995)(purpose of the rules is to encourage plea bargaining, and rules "creat[ e ], in effect, a 
privilege of the defendant," quoting 2 J. Weinstein & M. Berger, Weinstein's Evidence i)410[05] 
at 410-43 (1994)); United States v. Barrow, 400 F.3d 109, 116 (2d Cir. 2005)("The underlying 
purpose of Rule 410 is to promote plea negotiations by permitting defendants to talk to 
prosecutors without sacrificing their ability to defend themselves if no disposition agreement is 
reached"); Fed. R. Crim. P. I I, Advisory Committee Notes, 1979 Amendment ("the purpose of 
Fed. R. Ev. 410 and Fed. R. Crim. P. 1 l(e)(6) [now Rule 1 l(f)] is to promote the unrestrained 
candor which produces effective plea discussions").3 
Additional illustration of the high degree of confidentially accorded settlement 
negotiations is found in Fed. R. Evid. 408, which precludes the introduction into evidence 
communications made during settlement negotiations. The purposes underlying Rule 408 are 
essentially the same as those underlying Rules ll(f) and 410: "to encourage non-litigious 
solutions to disputes." Reichenbach v. Smith, 528 F.2d 1072, 1074 (I Ith Cir. 1976). See, M-, 
Stockman v. Oakcrest Dental Center, P. C., 480 F.3d 791, 805 (6th Cir. 2007)("the purpose 
underlying Rule 408 ... is the promotion of the public policy favoring the compromise and 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 6 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 37
settlement of disputes that would otherwise be discouraged with 
the admission of such 
evidence"); Bankcard America, Inc. v. Universal Bancard Systems, Inc., 203 F.3d 477, 483 (7th 
Cir. 2000)("Because settlement talks might be chilled if such discussions could later be used as 
admissions of liability at trial, the rule's purpose is to encourage settlements"); In re A.H. Robins 
Co., Inc., 197 B.R. 568, 572 (E.D.Va. 1994)("Rule 408 aims to foster settlement discussions in 
an individual lawsuit, and therefore insulates the particular parties to a settlement discussion 
from possible adverse consequences of their frank and open statements"). So crucial is this 
policy of confidentiality to the functioning of our federal court system that some courts have held 
that communications falling within the parameters of Rule 408 are covered by a settlement 
privilege which insulates them not just from admission into evidence but from discovery as well. 
See, M, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. v. Chiles Power Supply, Inc., 332 F.3d 976, 979-983 (6th 
Cir. 2003). 
Given the powerful and long-standing policy of according confidentiality to settlement 
negotiations in both the civil and criminal context, civil plaintiffs should, at a minimum, be 
required to demonstrate real and concrete need for the material. They should not be permitted to 
rummage through such sensitive documents based on nothing more than a vague and contentless 
statement that the materials are "likely to lead to the discovery of other admissible evidence." 
Motion to Compel at 12 n.3, which is all that plaintiff offers as to Request No. 10. This is 
particularly so given the reality that parties often take positions or offer potential compromise 
solutions during plea negotiations which are inconsistent with the litigation strategy they will 
pursue if the case goes to trial. As one court has explained in the civil context: 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 7 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 37
There exists a strong public interest in favor of secrecy of matters discussed by parties 
during settlement negotiations .... The ability to negotiate and settle a case without trial 
fosters a more efficient, more cost-effective, and significantly less burdened judicial 
system. . . . Parties must be able to abandon their adversarial tendencies to some degree. 
They must be able to make hypothetical concessions, offer creative quid pro quos, and 
generally make statements that would otherwise belie their litigation efforts. 
Goodyear Tire, 332 F.3d at 980. The same is no less true in the plea negotiation context. The free 
availability in discovery to civil plaintiffs of communications made during the plea negotiation 
process has profound potential to chill frank and open communications during that process so 
crucial to the functioning of the criminal justice system in any criminal case which has potential 
to become a civil or regulatory matter as well. Such defendants will be loath to be fully 
forthcoming during plea discussions or commw1ications and indeed, if the potential civil or 
regulatory consequences are sufficiently severe, may decline to enter into plea negotiations at all, 
if they must fear that their communications will be made available to civil plaintiffs in discovery, 
thus entirely defeating both the purpose and spirit of Rules 410 and 11 ( f). 
In addition, the communications made during the plea negotiation process contain fact 
and opinion attorney work product of both Mr. Epstein's attorneys and government attorneys. 
Particularly given the strong public policy in favor of confidentiality of plea/settlement 
negotiations, the disclosure of such information should be treated as falling within the selective 
waiver provisions of Fed. R. Evid. 502 and not be treated as an open-ended waiver of the 
attorney-client and work product privileges. 
The correspondence in question contained what would constitute paradigm opinion work 
product with the single caveat that the opinions of each counsel, Epstein's and the United States 
Attorney's were exchanged with each other pursuant to the overall expectation that they were 
safeguarded from disclosure by the policies of confidentiality that protect communications 
during settlement and plea negotiations. The requested communications include the views of 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 8 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 8 
Epstein's counsel in the criminal case regarding why a federal prosecution was inappropriate, 
why the federal statutes did not fit the alleged offense conduct, why certain of the alleged victims 
were not credible. It also includes Epstein's counsel's views on the limits and inapplicability of 
certain elements of 18 U.S.C. §2255, one of the principal causes of action in the Jane Doe cases. 
This opinion work product should not be disclosed when it was incorporated into heartland plea 
negotiations that are accorded protection under the federal rules of evidence. It is the disclosure 
of such legal opinions - and not just their admissibility - that should be protected from a civil 
discovery request that lacked any statement as to why this information was even necessary to the 
fair litigation of the civil cases. 
Concomitantly, to the extent that the request is now limited to communications from the 
Government to Epstein, see DE 54, pgs 3 and 8, the narrowed request implicate the same 
concerns for the opinions, the work product, and the expectation of privacy of the United States 
Attorney or Assistant United States Attorney who authored the many letters received by counsel 
for Epstein. As such, to the extent that the Court is considering affirming any part of the 
Magistrate-Judge's opinion allowing request 10 that would result in the required disclosure of 
communications from the Government counsel to Epstein, that notice be provided to the United 
States Attorney so they may intervene to protect their opinion work product, assert their rights to 
confidentiality under FRE 408 and 410, and assert where appropriate their interests in grand jury 
secrecy and in the privacy rights of their witness who in at least one document are identified. 
The defendant requests that if the Court were considering allowing the disclosure of any portion 
of the communications sent by Epstein to the Government which are within the original request 
for production but apparently not plaintiffs latest filing, DE 354, pg 3, the Court first consider 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 9 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 9 
permitting the defendant to provide a privilege log that would identify specific portions of the 
correspondence that contains the opinion work product of counsel for Epstein 
Here, the information requested involves negotiations with the USAO and its 
investigation. If the USAO cannot be compelled to release its investigation(s) and related work-
product, how can Epstein be compelled to disclose same in violation of his constitutional rights? 
He cannot. Rules ll(f), 408, and 410 all counsel strongly against the discoverability of such 
documents. The court, is requested to reverse the Magistrate-Judge's order as to paragraph 10. 
Alternatively, the Court is requested to permit a privilege log that would be filed by Epstein's 
counsel - and if they so desire the Government - particularizing the prejudice to their work 
product and to the values otherwise protected by FRE 408 and 410 on a document by document 
basis 
Epstein also continues to maintain that the requested correspondence is protected under 
the Fifth Amendment, as it could furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute him 
for a crime or provide the federal government with information that provides a lead or clue to 
evidence having a tendency to incriminate Epstein. See infra; Hoffman v. United States, 341 
U.S. at 486; United States v. Neff, 315 F.2d at 1239; Blau v. United States, 340 U.S. at 159; and 
SEC v Leach, 156 F.Supp.2d at 494. 
As this court has recognized, the threat of criminal prosecution is real and present as 
Epstein remains under the scrutiny of the USAO, which is explained and/or acknowledged in the 
Court's Orders (DE 242 and 462). As this Court knows, Epstein entered into a Non-Prosecution 
Agreement ("NP A") with the USAO for the Federal Southern District of Florida. However, the 
NP A does not provide Epstein with any protection from criminal investigation or prosecution in 
other than in the Southern District of Florida. As the court has acknowledged in its orders ( e.g., 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 10 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CVS0 119 
Page No. 10 
DE 462), complaints in these related matters allege that Epstein both resided in and allegedly 
engaged in illegal sexual conduct in districts outside the Southern District of Florida, and that he 
allegedly lured economically disadvantaged girls to homes other than in Palm Beach. Thus, the 
fact that there exists a NP A does not mean that Epstein is free from a reasonable fear of future 
criminal prosecution. In fact, this court acknowledged that "[t]he danger Epstein faces by being 
forced to testify in this case is substantial and real, and not merely trifling or imaginary as 
required." (DE 242, p. I 0). 
As such, in the event Epstein is required to produce information provided to him by the 
federal government - or provided by Epstein to the Government -
that information could 
provide a link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute Epstein of a crime outside the 
protections of the NP A. Given the nature of the allegations, to wit, a scheme and plan of sexual 
misconduct, this court should find it entirely reasonable for Epstein to assert his Fifth 
Amendment privilege as to request Number I 0, especially since it is broad enough to encompass 
information that could violate Epstein's Fifth Amendment Privileges. 
Hubbell, supra. 
In 
responding to the request, Epstein would be compelled admit that such documents exist, admit 
that the documents were in his possession or control, and were authentic. In other words, the 
very act of production of the category of documents requested would implicitly communicate 
"statements of fact." Hubbell, supra; Hoffman, supra. 
Moreover, the production of such information may lead to the identity of witnesses that could 
testify against Epstein and those that may have knowledge or are in possession of evidence that 
could be used against Epstein in another district. This court has already ruled that Epstein can 
properly invoke his Fifth Amendment right to not identify a person who may have a photograph 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 11 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80 I I 9 
Page No. 11 
or physical evidence pertaining to the alleged events. (DE 242). For these reasons, Epstein's 
justified concern with regard to answering the above request and the resulting waiver of his Fifth 
Amendment Privilege in this regard and/or providing self-incriminating information is 
substantial, real and not merely imaginative. 
Third Party Privacy Rights And Judge Jeffrey's Colbath's Order 
The Magistrate's Order does not consider the privacy rights of other alleged victims. As 
this Court knows full well, attached to the NP A is a list which delineates alleged victims. Once 
the NP A was made public, Judge Colbath, with the agreement of the Palm Beach Post, Brad 
Edwards, Esq. and Spencer Kuvin, Esq. agreed that the "list" would remain private. 
As such, 
Request for Production Number IO seeks information that may violate others third-party privacy 
rights in that certain names may be mentioned in correspondence, including those on the "list." 
As noted in Eisenstadt v. Baird, 405 U.S. 438,454, 92 S.Ct. 1029, 1038, at fn. 10 (1972): 
In Stanley, 394 U.S., at 564, 89 S.Ct., at 1247, the Court stated:'(A)lso 
fundamental is the right to be free, except in very limited circumstances, from 
unwanted governmental intrusions into one's privacy." The makers of our 
Constitution undertook to secure conditions favorable to the pursuit of happiness. 
They recognized the significance of man's spiritual nature, of his feelings and of 
his intellect. They knew that only a part of the pain, pleasure and satisfactions of 
life are to be found in material things. They sought to protect Americans in their 
beliefs, their thoughts, their emotions, and their sensations. They conferred, as 
against the Government, the right to be let alone-the most comprehensive of rights 
and the right most valued by civilized man.' [Citations omitted]. 
The fundamental right of privacy is not only guaranteed under by the Fourteenth 
Amendment of the United States Constitution, but also under the Constitution of the State of 
Florida, Art. I, Sect. 23. As summarized by the Florida Supreme Court in Shaktman v. State, 553 
So.2d 148, I 50-51 (Fla. 1989): 
The right of privacy, assured to Florida's citizens, demands that individuals be 
free from uninvited observation of or interference in those aspects of their lives 
which fall within the ambit of this zone of privacy unless the intrusion is 
I I 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 12 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CVS0l 19 
Page No. 12 
warranted by the necessity of a compelling state interest. In an opinion which 
predated the adoption of section 23, the First District aptly characterized the 
nature of this right. 
A fundamental aspect of personhood's integrity is the power to control what we 
shall reveal about our intimate selves, to whom, and for what purpose. 
Bryon, Harless, Schaffer, Reid & Assocs., Inc. v. State ex rel, Schellenberg. 360 
So.2d 83, 92 (Fla. 1st DCA 1978), quashed and remanded on other grounds, 379 
So.2d 633 (Fla.1980). Because this power is exercised in varying degrees by 
differing individuals, the parameters of an individual's privacy can be dictated 
only by that individual. The central concern is the inviolability of one's own 
thought, person, and personal action. The inviolability of that right assures its 
preeminence over "majoritarian sentiment" and thus cannot be universally defined 
by consensus. 
(Emphasis added). 
Clearly, the nature of the question would require Epstein to produce information that may 
identify third parties (including alleged victims), which would necessarily thwart such 
individuals' rights to assert their constitutional right of privacy as guaranteed under the United 
States and Florida Constitutions. See generally Eisenstadt v. Baird, supra at 454-455 (the right 
encompasses privacy in one's sexual matters and is not limited to the marital relationship). The 
Magistrate's Order did not address this issue. 
Federal law provides crime victims with rights similar to those afforded by the Florida 
constitution which includes, but is not limited to, "the right to reasonable, accurate, and timely 
notice of any pubic court ... proceeding involving the crime .... ," "the right not to be excluded 
from any public court proceeding .... ," and "the right to be heard." 15 Fla. Jur.2d Crim.Proc. 
§ I 839; Fla. Stat. 960.0021. Based upon the foregoing, any alleged victim that may be identified 
in any of the requested information must first be notified, which means that this court must, at 
the very least, conduct an in camera inspection of any and all information to determine which 
alleged victim must be placed on notice that their identity may be revealed or redact their names 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 13 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 13 
in camera. 
See also Fla. Stat. §794.03, §794.024 and §794.026. 
The right to privacy 
encompasses at least two different kinds of interests, the individual interests of disclosing 
personal matters and the interest in independence in making certain kinds of important decisions. 
Favalora v. Sidaway, 966 So.2d 895 (Fla. 4th DCA 2008). 
Accordingly, based on the facts and circumstances of this case, and under applicable law, 
Defendant's assertion of the protections afforded under the 5th, 6th, and 14th Amendments of the 
United States Constitution are required to be upheld. In addition, this Court must address the 
privacy rights of others as outlined above. 
Request No. 12: 
present. 
b. Request Number 12 
Personal tax returns for all years from 2002 through the 
Response to Request Numbers : Defendant is asserting specific legal objections 
to the production request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to 
produce all relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys 
have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and 
produce documents relevant to this lawsuit without waiving my Fifth Amendment 
constitutional rights and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth 
Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be umeasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution; overly broad. 
As set forth in more detail in DE 282 and 283, which were provided to the court in 
camera, Epstein cannot provide answers/responses to questions relating to his financial history 
and condition without waiving his Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by 
the United States Constitution, which includes his tax returns. Asking for Epstein's personal tax 
returns is financial in nature and it is confidential, proprietary and seeks information much of 
which is neither relevant to the subject matter of the pending action nor does it appear to be 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 14 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 14 
reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence. 
Importantly, the 
Magistrate did not make a ruling on relevancy as to the personal tax returns, and the Plaintiff has 
not met the burden of establishing a "compelling need" for the tax returns. 
Producing the specified information, in full, would result in testimonial disclosures that 
would communicate statements of fact and would require Epstein to produce the returns and 
thereby "stipulate" to their genuiness, their existence, his control of the records, and their 
authenticity as his executed tax returns even though his possession of such records are by no 
means a foregone conclusion. Again, the information sought relates to potential federal claims 
of violations. 
See DE 282 and 283, in camera. Production would therefore constitute a 
testimonial admission of the genuineness, the existence, and Epstein's control of such records, 
and thus presents a real and substantial danger of self-incrimination in this case, in other related 
cases and as well in areas that could result in criminal prosecution. See generally Hoffman v 
United States, 341 U.S. at 486; United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 36 and United States v. 
Apfelbaum, 445 U.S. at 128. 
The Court's order seems to hone in on the "required records" exception for the 
proposition that, as a matter of law, Epstein's personal tax returns must be produced because 
they are allegedly a mandatory part of a civil regulatory scheme and have assumed some public 
aspect. (DE 462, p.12) However, "required records" are ordinarily records collected by highly 
regulated business (e.g., physicians) wherein the records themselves have assumed public aspects 
which render them analogous to public documents. See In re Dr. John Doe, 97 F.R.D. 640, 641-
643 (S.D.N.Y. 1982). Usually, these documents are known to more than the filer and the agency 
in which the document(s) were filed (i.e., known to other persons of the general public). Id. 
Even though the IRS may have certain returns, they remain confidential under 26 U.S.C. §6103 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 15 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 15 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 15 
from any disclosures and are therefore different than a regulated/public record that can be 
accessed by the public. In Trudeau v. New York State Consumer Protection Bd., 237 F.R.D. 325 
(N.D.N.Y. 2006), the court maintained that "[r]outine discovery of tax returns is not the rule but 
rather the exception." Id at 331. The Court went on to note that [f]or nearly the past thirty-five 
years, tax returns have been considered 'confidential,' pursuant to 26 U.S.C. §6103." Id. Because 
of the principle of confidentiality, it further noted, "courts in the Second Circuit have found 
personal financial information to be presumptively confidential or cloaked with a qualified 
immunity," and must, therefore, "balance the countervailing policies of liberal discovery set 
forth in the Federal Rules of Civil procedure against maintaining the confidentiality of such 
documents." Id. 
To achieve that balance, courts in the Second Circuit have developed a "more stringent" 
standard than that set forth in the rules. To order disclosure of tax returns, a court must find that 
"the requested tax information is relevant to the subject matter of the action" and that "there is a 
compelling need for this information because the information contained therein is not otherwise 
readily available." Id. The Magistrate's Order makes no such finding in the instant matter. In 
fact, the burden of showing compelling need is on the party seeking discovery, but once a 
compelling need has been found, the party whose tax return information has been requested has 
the burden to "provide alternative sources for this sensitive information. Id. If the requested 
information is available from alternate sources, disclosure should not be compelled. Potential 
alternate sources to which the court pointed were gathering the information through deposition or 
disclosure in an affidavit by the requested party of net worth, wealth, and income. Id. at 331-32. 
See Barton v. Cascade Regional Blood Services, 2007 WL 2288035 (W.D.Wash. 2007)("Tax 
returns are confidential communications between the taxpayer and the government [ citing 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 16 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 16 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV801! 9 
Page No. 16 
§6103] and although not privileged from discovery there is a recognized policy against 
unnecessary public disclosure ..... The Court finds no compelling need which overcomes this 
recognized policy"). 
Courts have broadly construed these provisions to embody a general 
federal policy against indiscriminate disclosure of tax returns from any source. Federal Sav. & 
Loan Ins. Corp. v. Krueger, 55 F.R.D. 514-15 (N.D. Ill. 1972)("it is the opinion of this court that 
[§6103] reflect[s] a valid public policy against disclosure of income tax returns. This policy is 
grounded in the interest of the government in full disclosure of all the taxpayer's income which 
thereby maximizes revenue. To indiscriminately compel a taxpayer to disclose this information 
merely because he has become a party to a lawsuit would undermine this policy"); see also 
Premium Service Corp. v. Sperry & Hutchinson Co., 511 F.2d 225, 229 (9th Cir. l 975)(would 
have been appropriate for district court to quash subpoena for tax returns based on the "primacy" 
of the "public policy against unnecessary disclosure [ of tax returns] arises from the need, if tax 
laws are to function properly, to encourage taxpayers to file complete and accurate returns"). 
In Pendlebury v. Starbucks Coffee Co., 2005 WL 2105024 at *2 (S.D. Fla. 2005), the 
court agreed that "[i]ncome tax returns are highly sensitive documents" and that courts should be 
reluctant to order disclosure during discovery. Citing, Natural Gas Pipeline Co. of Am. v. 
Energy Gathering, Inc., 2 F.3d 1397, 1411 (5th Cir. 1993); DeMasi v. Weiss, Inc., 669 F.2d 114, 
119-20 (3d Cir. 1982)(noting existence of public policy against disclosure of tax returns); 
Premium Serv. Corp. v. Sperry & Hutchinson Co., 511 F.2d 225, 229 (9th Cir. 1975). The court 
in Pendlebury agreed that parties seeking the production of tax returns must demonstrate ( 1) 
relevance of the tax returns to the subject matter of the dispute and (2) a compelling need for the 
tax returns exists because the information contained therein is not otherwise available. Id. at *2; 
see also Dunkin Donuts, Inc. v. Mary's Donuts, Inc., 2001 WL 34079319 (S.D. Fla. 2001); 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 17 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 17 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 17 
Cooper v. Hallgarten & Co., 34 F.R.D. 482, 483-84 (S.D.N.Y. 1964). Thus, before the Court can 
order production of the requested returns in this matter, the Plaintiff must satisfy the "relevance" 
and "compelling need" standards. The Magistrate's Order fails to address the "relevancy" 
standard and Plaintiff fails to provide same with supporting argument and case law, and the 
Plaintiff fails to delineate any "compelling need" or availability of networth from other sources 
(e.g., a stipulation as to net worth, which is certainly an alternative means). To the extent that 
the Court determines that the tax returns are relevant and that there is a compelling need for at 
least their disclosure of Epstein's wealth for punitive damage purposes, Epstein would agree to 
stipulate, through his attorneys, that he has a net worth of over $50,000,000. Such a stipulation 
more than satisfies any necessity for the disclosure of the tax returns or any additional net worth 
information. 
This court already ruled in DE 462 that Epstein is not required to produce his financial 
history information to the extent same seeks to identify Epstein's assets, where such assets are 
located and whether such assets have been transferred. Id. Moreover, the names and addresses 
of his accounts, financial planners and money managers were also sustained pursuant to the Fifth 
Amendment. Id. Therefore, to the extent this court orders production of tax returns and to the 
extent Epstein's personal tax returns contain such information, same should be redacted and 
subject to heightened confidentiality. However, this can only be done subsequent to an in 
camera hearing wherein this court can make a ruling on relevancy, production, redaction and 
confidentiality; but only after the Plaintiff shows a compelling need. 
Furthermore, Epstein's complicated business transactions have no relevancy to this 
lawsuit and, therefore, evidence of same should not be produced. The Fifth Amendment is a safe 
harbor for all citizens, including those who are innocent of any underlying offense. This request, 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 18 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 18 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 18 
if answered, may result in compelled production and/or testimonial communications from 
Epstein regarding his financial status and history and would require him to waive his right to 
decline to respond to other inquiries related to the same subject matter. Responding to this and 
other related inquiries would have the potential to provide a link in a chain of information and/or 
leads to other evidence or witnesses that would have the specific risk of furthering an 
investigation against him and therefore are protected from compulsion by Epstein's 
constitutional privilege. 
Accordingly, any compelled testimony that provides a "lead or clue to a source of 
evidence of such [a] crime" is protected by Fifth Amendment. SEC v Leach, 156 F.Supp.2d at 
494. Questions seeking "testimony" regarding names of witnesses, leads to phone or travel 
records, or financial records that would provide leads to tax or money laundering or unlicensed 
money transmittal investigations are protected. See also Hoffman v United States, 341 U.S. 479, 
486 (1951 )("the right against self-incrimination may be invoked if the answer would furnish a 
link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute for a crime"). 
c. 
Request Number 13 
Request No. 13: 
A photocopy of your passport, including any supplemental 
pages reflecting travel to locations outside the 50 United States between 2002 and 
2008, including any documents or records regarding plane tickets, hotel receipts, 
or transportation arrangements. 
Response: 
Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. 
I intend to 
produce all relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys 
have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and 
produce documents relevant to this lawsuit without risking waiver of my Fifth 
Amendment rights and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth 
Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances would unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional protections 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 19 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 19 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 19 
and privileges, the scope of information is so overbroad that it seeks information 
that is neither relevant nor reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of 
admissible evidence; compiling such information over a six year period would be 
unduly burdensome and time consuming. 
As to Request Number 13, Defendant provided this court with sufficient argument at DE 
282 and DE 283 detailing why the production of information showing Epstein's whereabouts 
could provide a link in the chain of evidence regarding: (a) Epstein's air travel within the United 
States and Foreign Territories; (b) Epstein's communications with others relating to or referring 
to females coming into the United States from other countries; and (c) Epstein's personal 
calendars and schedules. Given that the essential proof of an allegation of 18 U.S.C. 2423(b) 
would include travel records, schedules regarding trips and locations, flight records, calendars, 
and transportation arrangements, the court found that Epstein had made a more particularized 
showing because producing such information "could reveal the availability to him and/or use by 
him of interstate facilities and thus would constitute a link in the chain of evidence that could 
potentially expose [Epstein] to the dangers of self incrimination." (DE 293, p.6) See infra, 
regarding private aircraft. 
The Magistrate's Order (DE 462) provides that Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege 
does not extend to his passport because its existence is known to the government or is a 
"foregone conclusion." Id. at p. 11. First, the magistrate's order presupposes that Epstein has all 
his passports from 2002 up through to the current date and that the government has an exact copy 
of same. Second, the Order presupposes that U.S. Customs and Border Patrol ("CPB") keeps a 
record and/or has maintained records of Epstein's travel and whereabouts from 2002 up through 
to the current date. Third, assuming Epstein traveled internationally, the Order presupposes that 
the CPB has records of all of Epstein's destinations and that other countries have shared that 
information with the CBP. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 20 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 20 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 20 
For instance, CBP now offers "Global Entry" to enter the United States by kiosk. 
However, it is unclear whether the Global Entry kiosk records and copies the pages of a 
traveler's destinations outside of the United States, or does it simply record exit from and entry 
back into the United States?5 Moreover, it is unclear whether CBP maintains the Sample 
Customs Declaration Form for any period of time, which form sets out (i.e., if filled out) the 
countries visited by a traveler.6 This Court cannot Compel Epstein to produce information in 
violation of his Fifth Amendment by simply stating that Epstein's passport is "known to the 
government" or is a "forgone conclusion." In fact, from the websites listed herein, any CBP 
documents or forms filled out by a traveler take on a complete different form when compared to 
an original passport, which is initially issued with blank pages. This Court would be hard-
pressed to find that the CBP has an exact copy of every page of every traveler's passport. 
Obviously, this would create more document management than CBP anticipates on its website. 
Moreover, pursuant to 19 C.F.R. § 122.2, pilots of private aircraft are required to 
electronically transmit passenger and crew manifest information for all flights arriving into 
and/or departing out of the United States. As this court knows, Mr. Edwards has conducted 
extensive discovery, has questioned individuals as to whether Epstein owns private aircraft and 
has obtained certain flight manifests. Arguably, if such a procedure were followed in Epstein's 
case pursuant to 19 C.F.R. §122.2, then Epstein's passport would arguably take on a 
substantially different form when compared to the information maintained by the CBP (i.e., 
information that was electronically transferred). Under that circumstance, CBP would not have 
an exact copy of Epstein's passports. Accordingly, the assumptions made in the Magistrate's 
Order have serious Fifth Amendment implications in that the exact information sought is not 
'See~-, http://www.customs.gov/xp/cgov/travel/trusted traveler/global entry/ 
See~-, http://www.customs.gov/xp/cgov/travel/vacation/sample declaration form.xml 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 21 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 21 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CVS0 119 
Page No. 21 
"known to the government" and is not a "forgone conclusion" in that the government is not 
likely to have an exact copy of Epstein's passports. 
Again, Plaintiffs request for Epstein's passport "reflecting travel to locations outside the 
United States between 2002 and 2008, is no different from the requests this Court has already 
ruled upon and sustained Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege in response thereto. (DE 292). 
In summary, this court reasoned that: 
"[i]n this and the other civil actions, Plaintiffs allege that Epstein violated certain 
federal and state criminal statutes in an attempt to make claims against Epstein 
ranging from sexual battery to intentional infliction of emotional distress. The 
lynchpin for the exercise of federal criminal jurisdiction under 18 U.S.C. 
§2422(b ), which figures in some of the complaints filed, is 'the use of any facility 
or means of interstate or foreign commerce' and the analogous essential element 
of 18 U.S.C. §2423(b), which also figures in some of the Complaints, is 'travel[s] 
in interstate commerce or travels into the United States or ... travels in foreign 
commerce.' Accordingly, requiring Epstein to provide responses. . . would in 
essence be compelling him to provide assertions of fact, thereby admitting that 
such documents existed and further admitting that the documents in his 
possession or control were authentic. 
As such, if you believe Plaintiffs footnote 4 at (DE 210), responding to this request 
could very well implicate Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege. The allegations of Epstein's use 
of interstate commerce and travel and any compelled production is clearly a violation of 
Epstein's Fifth Amendment rights.7 Based upon the arguments set forth in DE 283 (which is 
incorporated herein), this Court sustained Epstein's Fifth Amendment Privilege. That same 
ruling should apply here. (DE 293). If not, this court may be requiring Epstein to produce a log 
of his travels, which this Court already sustained under the Fifth Amendment. 
Plaintiff must also show that the requested information is relevant to the disputed issues of 
the underlying action. See Yonng Circle Garage, LLC. v. Koppel, 916 So. 2d 22 (Fla. 4th DCA 
Once again, a ruling on these issues cannot be made in a vacuum. This court must, as it has done in the past, 
consider the other related cases and the allegations made therein when considering whether a response to a pm1icular 
discovery requests would implicate Epstein's Fifth Amendment rights. See DEs 242, 283 and 462. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 22 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 22 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CVS0! !9 
Page No. 22 
2005); see also Eguitable Life Assurance Society of the United States v. Daisy Worldwide, Inc., 
702 So. 2d 263 (Fla. 3d DCA 1997). Plaintiff has failed to meet this burden and, in doing so, has 
also failed to show any substantial need for the documents. 
Wherefore, Epstein respectfully requests that this Court issue and order: 
a. 
finding that the danger Epstein faces by being forced to testify in this case 
relative to the above requests is substantial and real, and not merely trifling or imaginary; 
b. 
sustaining Epstein's Fifth Amendment Privilege as it relates to the above 
requests and denying Plaintiffs Motion in that regard; 
c. 
reversing and/or revising the Magistrate's Order (DE 462) relative to 
Request Numbers 10, 12 and 13 and entering an amended order sustaining Epstein's 
objections to the Magistrate's Order as to those specific requests and not requiring him to 
produce information relative to same; and/or 
d. 
remanding this appeal to the Magistrate-Judge for her reconsideration of 
these portions of her order; 
e. 
alternatively, if this court rules that any of the information requested 
herein is relavent, it shall only do so after an in camera hearing and only after this court 
ensures that each and every documents produced is the subject of a heightened-
confidentality order; 
f. 
for such other and further relief as this Court deems just and proper. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 23 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 23 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80 I 19 
Page No. 23 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
CM/ECF on this 26th day of February, 2010. 
By: ---f:-'s:~~----:--:---::-
ROBE 
ITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar N . 224 I 62 
rcrit@bclclaw om 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
mpike@bclclaw.com 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
( Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 3 3160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
ssm@sexabuseattomey.com 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Avenue 
Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone:954-524-2820 
Fax: 954-524-2822 
brad@pathtoiustice.com 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 24 of 24
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 24 of 37
Doe v, Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 24 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
Counsel for Plaintiffs 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-80119, 08-
80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80993, 08-
80994 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
jagesq@bellsouth.net 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey £stein 
80893 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hae Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-
80469 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
305 358-2800 
Fax: 305 358-2382 
rjosefsberg@J,podhurst.com 
kezell@podhurst.com 
Counsel/or Plaintiffs in Related Case 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 1 of
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 25 of 37
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
PLAINTIFF'S FIRST REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION TO DEFENDANT 
COMES NOW the Plaintiff, JANE DOE, by and through her undersigned counsel, 
pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 34 and S.D. Fla. 26.10., and requests the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, to 
produce the original or best copy of the items listed hereinbelow, at the offices of the Plaintiff's 
undersigned counsel, for inspection and/or copying within thirty (30) days of service. 
PRELIMINARY STA 'fEMENT 
1. 
These requests for production are deemed continuing. Pursuant to Rule 26( e) of 
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and applicable law, if any information sought by said 
requests for production is not learned until after they are answered, or if any answers for any 
reason should later become incorrect, there shall be a continuing duty on the party answering 
said requests to supplement or change answers previously submitted. 
DEFINITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS 
I. 
Communication. The term "communication" means the transmittal of information (in 
the form of facts, ideas, inquiries or otherwise). 
2. 
Document. The term "document" is defined to be synonymous in meaning and equal in 
scope to the usage of this term in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 34(a), including, without 
limitation, electronic or computerized data compilations. A draft or non-identical copy is a 
separate document within the meaning of this term. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 2 of
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 26 of 37
3. 
Identify (with respect to person). When referring to a person, "to identify" means to 
give, to the extent known, the person's full name, present or last known address, and when 
referring to a natural person, additionally, the present or last known place of employment. Once 
a person has been identified in accordance with this subparagraph, only the name of the person 
need be listed in response to subsequent discovery requesting the identification of that person. 
4. 
Identify (with respect to documents). When referring to documents, "to identify" 
means to give, to the extent known, the (i) type of documents; (ii) general subject matter; (iii) 
date of the document; and (iv) author(s), addressee(s) and recipient(s). 
5. 
Parties. The terms "plaintiff' and "defendant" as. well as a party's full or abbreviated 
name or a pronoun referring to a party means the party and, where applicable, its officers, 
directors, employees, partners, corporate parent, subsidiaries or affiliates. This definition is not 
intended to impose a discovery obligation on any person who is not a party to the litigation. 
6. 
Person. The term "person" is defined as any natural person or any business, legal or 
governmental entity or association. 
7. 
Concerning. 
The term "concerning" means relating to, referring to, describing, 
evidencing or constituting. 
8. 
All/Each. The terms "all" and "each" shall be construed as all and each. 
9. 
And/Or. The connectives "and'' and "or" shall be construed either disjunctively or 
conjunctively as necessary to bring within the scope of the discovery request all responses that 
might otherwise be construed to be outside of its scope. 
10. 
Number. The use of the singular form of any word includes the plural and vice versa. 
11. 
Refer/Relate to. 
"Refer" or "relate to" means to make a statement about, discuss, 
describe, reflect, constitute, identify, deal with, consist of, establish, comprise, list, evidence, 
substantiate or in any way pertain, in whole to in part, to the subject. 
12. 
As used herein the singular shall include the plural, the plural shall include the singular, 
and the masculine, feminine and neuter shall include each of the other genders. 
DOCUMENTS REQUESTED 
1. 
Copies of all telephone records in your or your attorneys' possession from 2002 -
2005 that in any way relate to you (including all phone Jines owned by you or that were used to 
contact girls for the purposes of scheduling massages for you). 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 3 of
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 27 of 37
2. 
All massage appointment books, diaries, computer calendars or scheduling 
entries, scheduling books or any other wdting or correspondence that contains the names of any 
of the girls that were called, contacted, scheduled, or who otherwise went to your home located 
at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida, for the purpose of giving you a massage. 
3. 
Any and all documentation in your possession that contains Plaintiffs name or 
that refers to Plaintiff, directly or indirectly, (includes emails, letters, message pads, diaries, 
appointment books, computer print outs). 
4. 
Any and all photos, videos, downloaded digital prints or any other visual 
depiction of Plaintiff, or of any other known or suspected minor females introduced to you, 
directly or indirectly, by Plaintiff. 
5. 
Photos of the inside of your home located at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, 
Florida, that depict the room(s) where the massages took place (including massage table). 
6. 
Any and all documentation of cancelled checks or evidence of payment to 
Plaintiff of any kind and for any reason whatsoever. 
7. 
All discovery information obtained by you or your attorneys as a result of the 
exchange of discovery in the State criminal case against you or the Federal investigation against 
you. 
8. 
All financial documents evidencing asset transfers from 2005 to the present for 
you personally or any company or corporation owned by you. 
9. 
Any documents or other evidentiary materials provided to local, state, or federal 
law enforcement investigators or local, state or federal prosecutors investigating your sexual 
activities with minors. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 4 of
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 28 of 37
10. 
All correspondence between you or your attorneys and state or federal law 
enforcement or • prosecutors (includes, but is not limited to, letters to and from the State 
Attorney's office or any agents thereof). 
11. 
Any and all documents reflecting your current net worth. 
12. 
Personal tax returns for all years from 2002 through the present. 
13. 
A photocopy of your passport, including any supplemental pages reflecting travel 
to locations outside the 50 United States between 2002 and 2008, including any documents or 
records regarding plane tickets, hotel receipts, or transportation arrangements. 
14. 
A sworn statement of your net worth (including a detailed financial statement 
depicting all current assets and liabilities). 
15. 
All financial statements or affidavits produced by you for any reason, to any 
person, company, entity or corporation since 2005. 
16. 
All medical records of Defendant Epstein from Dr. Stephan Alexander. 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the above and foregoing has 
been provided via United States mail to the following addressees, this 2.3day of March, 2009. 
Robert D. Critton, Jr., Esquire 
Michael J. Pike, Esquire 
Burman, Critton, Luttier & Coleman, LLP 
515 North Flagler Drive 
Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
rcrit@bclclaw.com 
mpike@bclclaw.com 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 5 of
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 29 of 37
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esquire 
Atterbury, Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian A venue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
jagesq@bellsouth.net 
Michael R. Tein, Esquire 
Lewis Tein, P.L. 
3059 Grand Avenue 
Suite 340 
Coconut Grove, Florida 33133 
tein@lewistein.com 
By: 
Respectfully Submitted, 
THE LAW OFFICE OF BRAD EDWARDS & 
ASSOCIATES, LLC 
Brad Edwards, Esquire 
Attorney for Plaintiff 
Florida Bar No. 542075 
2028 Harrison Street 
Suite 202 
Hollywood, Florida 33020 
Telephone: 
954-414-8033 
Facsimile: 
954-924-1530 
E-Mail: 
be@bradedwardslaw.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
Attorney for Plaintiff 
Pro Hae Vice 
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 
801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 6 of
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 30 of 37
JANE DOE, 
V. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV- 80893 - MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
-------------~' 
DEFENDANT'S RESPONSE & OBJECTIONS TO PLAINTIFF'S 
FIRST REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION (dated 03/23/09) 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, ('EPSTEIN"), by and through his undersigned 
attorneys, pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P., 34, and S.D. Fla. 26.1.G., serves his response to 
Plaintiff JANE DOE's First Request For Production, dated March 23, 2009. 
Request No. 1: 
Copies of all telephone records in your or your attorneys' 
possession from 2002 through 2005 that in any way relate to you (including all phone 
lines owned by you or that were used to contact girls for the purposes of scheduling 
massages for you.) 
Response: Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me 
that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant 
to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would 
unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. 
Request No. 2: 
All massage appointment books, diaries, computer calendars or 
scheduling entities, scheduling books or any other writing or correspondence that 
contains the names of any of the girls that were called, contacted, scheduled or who 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 7 of
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 31 of 37
Jane Doe v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 2 
otherwise went to your home located at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida, for the 
purpose of giving you a massage. 
Response: Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me 
that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant 
to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would 
unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. 
Request No. 3: 
Any and all documentation in your possession that contains 
Plaintiff's name or that refers to Plaintiff, directly or indirectly, (includes e-mails, letters, 
message pads, diaries, appointment books, computer print outs). 
Response: Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me 
that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant 
to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would 
unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. 
Request No. 4: 
Any and all photos, videos, downloaded digital prints or any other 
visual depiction of Plaintiff, or of any other known or suspected minor females 
introduced to you, directly or indirectly, by Plaintiff. 
Response: Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me 
that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant 
to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, 
would 
unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 8 of
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 32 of 37
Jane Doe v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 3 
Request No. 5: 
Photos of the inside of your home located at 358 El Brillo Way, 
Palm Beach, Florida, that depict the room(s) where the massages took place (including 
massage table). 
Response: Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me 
that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant 
to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would 
unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. 
Request No. 6: 
Any and all documentation of cancelled checks or evidence of 
payment to Plaintiff of any kind and for any reason whatsoever. 
Response: Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me 
that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant 
to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would 
unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. 
Request No. 7: 
All discovery information obtained by you or your attorneys as a 
result of the exchange of discovery in the State criminal case against you or the Federal 
investigation against you. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production request 
as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all relevant documents 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that at the present 
time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I 
must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, 
Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would unconstitutionally 
burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would 
therefore violate the Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional 
privileges, the information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 9 of
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 33 of 37
Jane Doe v. Epstein, et al. 
Page4 
pursuant to the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 
410 and 408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. 
Further, the request may include information 
subject to work product or an attorney-client privilege. 
Request No. 8: 
All financial documents evidencing asset transfers from 2005 to the 
present for you personally or any company or corporation owned by you. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production request 
as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all relevant documents 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that at the present 
time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I 
must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, 
Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would unconstitutionally 
burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would 
therefore violate the Constitution. 
Request No. 9: 
Any documents or other evidentiary materials provided to local, 
state, or federal law enforcement investigators or local, state or federal prosecutors 
investigating your sexual activities with minors. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production request 
as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all relevant documents 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that at the present 
time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I 
must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, 
Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would unconstitutionally 
burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would 
therefore violate the Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional 
privileges, the information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible 
pursuant to the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 
410 and 408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request may include information 
subject to work product or an attorney-client privilege. 
Request No. 10: 
All correspondence between you and your attorneys and state or 
federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited to, letters to and from 
the State Attorney's office or any agents thereof). 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 10 of
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 34 of 37
Jane Doe v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 5 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production request 
as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all relevant documents 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that at the present 
time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I 
must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, 
Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would unconstitutionally 
burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would 
therefore violate the Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his constitutional 
privileges, the information sought is privileged and confidential, and inadmissible 
pursuant to the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, Fed. Rule of Evidence 
410 and 408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. 
Further, the request may include information 
subject to work product or an attorney-client privilege. 
Request No. 11: 
Any and all documents reflecting your current net worth. 
Response: Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me 
that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant 
to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be 
unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. 
Request No. 12: 
Personal tax returns for all years from 2002 through the present. 
Response: Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me 
that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant 
to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden 
my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be 
unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution; overly broad. 
Request No. 13: 
A photocopy of your passport, including any supplemental pages 
reflecting travel to locations outside the 50 United States between 2020 and 2008, 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 11 of
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 35 of 37
Jane Doe v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 6 
including any documents or records regarding plane tickets, hotel receipts, or 
transportation arrangements. 
Response: Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me 
that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant 
to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be 
unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition to and without 
waiving his constitutional protections and privileges, the scope of information is so 
overbroad that it seeks information that is neither relevant nor reasonably calculated to 
lead to the discovery of admissible evidence; compiling such information over a six year 
period would be unduly burdensome and time consuming. 
Request No. 14: 
A sworn statement of your net worth (including a detailed financial 
statement depicting all current assets and liabilities). 
Response: Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me 
that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant 
to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would 
unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution. 
Request No. 15: 
All financial statements or affidavits produced by you for any 
reason, to any person, company, entity or corporation since 2005. 
Response: Defendant asserts his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all 
relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me 
that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant 
to this lawsuit and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to 
effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States 
Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would 
unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my constitutional 
rights, would 
unreasonable, and would therefore violate the Constitution; overly broad. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 12 of
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 36 of 37
Jane Doe v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 7 
Request No. 16: 
All medical records of Defendant Epstein from Dr. Stephan 
Alexander. 
Response: Defendant is asserting specific legal objections to the production request 
as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to produce all relevant documents 
regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys have counseled me that at the present 
time I cannot select, authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I 
must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective 
representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, 
Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 
Drawing an adverse inference under these circumstances would unconstitutionally 
burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would 
therefore violate the Constitution. 
Certificate of Service 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of t~regoing has been sent via U.S. 
Mail and facsimile to the following addressees this 
clay of May, 2009. 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler 
401 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 1650 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone:954-522-3456 
Fax: 954-527-8663 
bedwards@rra-law.com 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hae Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
561-835-8691 Fax 
jagesg@bellsouth.net 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Respectfully'"~ 
By:----+-------
ROBERT D. 
RITTON, JR., ESQ. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 477-1    Entered on FLSD Docket 02/26/2010   Page 13 of
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-9   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 37 of 37
Jane Doe v. Epstein, et al. 
Page 8 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
rcrit@bclclaw.com 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
(Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-09.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-10.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-10.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE,   
CASE NO.  08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
_________________________________/ 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381,  
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
__________________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE’S RESPONSE TO DEFENDANT’S MOTION FOR 
RECONSIDERATION AND/OR REQUEST FOR RULE 4 REVIEW AND APPEAL 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe, hereby files this response to defendant Jeffrey Epstein’s 
Motion for Reconsideration and/or Request for Rule 4 Review and Appeal of Portions of 
Magistrate’s Order (dkt. #477).  The motion should be denied in its entirety.  As the 
magistrate judge correctly found, defendant Epstein has no valid Fifth Amendment 
objection to refusing to turn over materials and information already in the Government’s 
possession.  Moreover, the other objections that he raises were never presented to the 
magistrate judge and, in any event, are without merit. 
PROCEDURAL BACKGROUND 
On July 20, 2009, Jane Doe filed a straightforward motion for production of 
various materials, including documents provided to Epstein as part of discovery from 
state and federal prosecutors in the criminal cases against him, his recent tax returns, 
and his passport (dkt. #210).  Epstein obtained an extension of time in which to respond 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 1 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 27

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
and, two-and-a-half months later, on October 6, 2009, Epstein filed an objection to 
producing these items primarily on Fifth Amendment grounds (dkt. #339).  On October 
16, 2009, Jane Doe filed a reply in support of her motion (dkt. #354).  On January 22, 
2010, Jane Doe filed a notice that more than 90 days had elapsed since the filing of her 
motion (dkt. #453).   
On February 4, 2010, the magistrate judge granted in part Jane Doe’s motion to 
compel, specifically ruling that Epstein had to produce the discovery provided to him by 
state and federal prosecutors, his recent tax returns, and his passport (dkt. #462).  The 
magistrate judge explained that the requests “seek production of documents the 
government itself gave to Epstein, making the government’s prior knowledge of the 
documents sought an obvious and undeniable ‘foregone conclusion.’  As such, Epstein 
cannot reasonably and in good faith argue that in producing these documents to Plaintiff 
he will somehow be incriminating himself.”  Id. at 8. 
Epstein then obtained extension of time in which to file an appeal, ultimately filing 
an appeal of the magistrate decision on February 26, 2010 – some seven months after 
Jane Doe’s initial request had been made (dkt. #477).   
EPSTEIN POSSESSES MATERIALS RESPONSIVE 
TO JANE DOE’S REQUESTS 
At the outset, it is worth briefly addressing what appears to be an effort by 
Epstein to obfuscate the fact that he possesses documents and other materials relevant 
to the discovery requests for production.  Jane Doe made request for materials relating 
to the criminal charges against Epstein, his recent tax returns, and his passports.  The 
three discovery requests regarding Epstein’s criminal charges are: 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 2 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 27

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Request No. 7:  All discovery information obtained by you or your 
attorneys as a result of the exchange of discovery in the State criminal 
case against you or the Federal investigation against you. 
Request No. 9:  Any documents or other evidentiary materials provided to 
local, state, or federal law enforcement investigators or local, state or 
federal prosecutors investigating your sexual activities with minors. 
Request No. 10:  All correspondence between you and your attorneys and 
state or federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited 
to, letters to and from the States Attorney’s office or any agents thereof). 
In his appeal pleading to this Court, Epstein has now made the following 
representations: 
As to Request No. 7, Epstein and his attorneys do not have any 
‘discovery information’ provided to them by the federal government. 
As to Request No. 9, Epstein has not been given any evidentiary 
materials or evidentiary documents by the federal government. 
Defendant’s Motion for Reconsideration and/or Request for Rule 4 Review and Appeal, 
dkt. #477, at 4 (hereinafter “Epstein’s Appeal”).  Jane Doe does not take these 
representations to mean that Epstein possesses no information responsive to these 
requests.  If this were the case, Epstein could have avoided seven months of litigation 
by simply explaining that to the Court (and Jane Doe) at the outset.  Rather, Epstein 
seems to be playing semantic games.  With regard to discovery request no. 7, Epstein 
represents only that he has no discovery information from the federal government – not 
contesting the obvious fact (as Jane Doe has been reliably informed) that he received 
significant discovery in connection with the state criminal charges to which he pled 
guilty.  With regard to discovery request no. 9, Epstein represents only that he has not 
been given evidentiary documents by the federal government – again not contesting the 
obvious fact (as Jane Doe has been reliably informed) that he received documents and 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 3 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 27

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
other materials, including correspondence, from both the state and federal authorities 
working on his case.  If Epstein is going to continue to mince words in this fashion, Jane 
Doe asks that he clearly explain to the Court in any reply pleading what materials 
responsive to the requests for production he possesses so that the Court may make an 
informed ruling.1   
ARGUMENT 
I.   
THE MAGISTRATE JUDGE PROPERLY ORDERED EPSTEIN TO PRODUCE 
DISCOVERY AND OTHER MATERIALS FROM THE CRIMINAL CASE.  
The magistrate judge ordered Epstein to produce materials responsive to 
requests no. 7, no. 9, and no. 10 – all materials relating to the criminal cases against 
Epstein.  This order should be affirmed. 
A.   
The “Purpose” of the Federal Rules of Evidence Regarding Settlement 
Discussions Does Not Provide any Basis for Resisting Discovery 
The main argument that Epstein makes before the Court now against this 
request for production is that it would supposedly violate the purpose underlying the 
Rules of Evidence that limit the use at trial of certain evidence regarding settlement 
discussions.  This argument should be rejected for numerous reasons. 
First, it is important to understand that argument is being raised against the 
backdrop of a sustained (and thus far successful) effort by Epstein to prevent Jane Doe 
from obtaining any documentary discovery from him regarding this case.  As the Court 
is well aware from the pleadings in this and related cases, through a battery of attorneys 
It is also important to note that Jane Doe’s discovery requests date back to last July.  Jane 
Doe assumes that Epstein has not destroyed or otherwise dispossessed himself of any 
materials responsive to the requests since that time.  Jane Doe also assumes that Epstein will 
give the discovery requests their reasonable and ordinary understanding, rather than some 
strained interpretation. 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 4 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 27

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Epstein has raised numerous objections to providing discovery to Jane Doe and other 
plaintiffs.  Epstein has also “taken the Fifth” with regard to all substantive questions 
propounded to him about his sexual abuse of young girls.  Jane Doe’s efforts to obtain 
the materials involved in this motion are hardly gilding the lily – if she receives them, 
they would be the first substantive materials that she has obtained from Epstein in this 
case.   
Second, Epstein’s argument about the confidentiality of settlement discussions 
only pertains to Jane Doe’s discovery Request No. 10, which seeks correspondence 
with the Government.2  It has no application to her discovery Requests Nos. 7 and 8 
regarding documents and other materials provided by state and federal prosecutors 
during the criminal cases against Epstein.  Accordingly, those two requests should be 
summarily granted. 
Third, Epstein’s argument before this Court regarding settlement discussion 
confidentiality is an entirely new argument from the one that he presented to the 
magistrate judge.  Before the magistrate judge, Epstein’s argument was that producing 
the correspondence with the Government would violate his Fifth Amendment privilege 
against Self-Incrimination.  See Defendant Jeffrey Epstein’s Response in Opposition to 
Plaintiff’s, Jane Doe’s, Motion to Compel Response to Plaintiff’s Request for Production 
(dkt. # 339), at 6-8 (hereinafter cited as “Epstein’s Response in Opposition”) (raising 
Fifth Amendment “act of production” argument).   It was only at the tail-end of his 
memorandum that Epstein even mentioned issues regarding the settlement 
The request covers correspondence with “state or federal law enforcement or prosecutors.”  
For convenience, the request will be described as being for correspondence with “the 
Government.”   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 5 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 27

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
discussions.   His argument tersely asserted that “a reading of the particular discovery 
requests reveals that they encompass attorney-client and work-product privileged 
material.” Epstein’s Response in Opposition at 8.   Id.  The argument then concluded 
with the claim that the federal rules of evidence “prevent the production of such 
material.”  Id. at 9.   
The magistrate judge had no difficulty in dispatching not only the Fifth 
Amendment claims (discussed below) but also the arguments that Epstein presented 
regarding the alleged attorney-client and work-product privilege.  The magistrate judge 
rejected “out of hand” any claim by Epstein regarding attorney-client privilege because 
issues discussed with the Government could hardly be viewed as “’confidential 
communications’ between a lawyer and his client for the purpose of obtaining legal 
advice.”  Omnibus Order, dkt. #462, at 9.  And with regard to the Federal Rules of 
Evidence relating to settlement discussions, the magistrate judge noted that the rules 
apply only to the trial – not the earlier discovery phase of a civil case.  Id. at 10. 
Rather than contest these uncontrovertable propositions before this Court, 
Epstein advances a new set of attacks on producing the correspondence.  He now 
contends that production would “contravene the critical public policy” that allows plea 
bargaining of criminal charges.  Epstein’s Appeal at 4.  He then dives into what he 
alleges is the “purpose of the rules” and claims that this purpose will be violated if he is 
required to produce his correspondence with the Government.  Id. at 5.  In support of 
his argument, he cites a series of cases that discuss confidentiality generally (but not 
discovery issues). 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 6 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 27

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Epstein never presented this argument to the magistrate judge.  Nor did Epstein 
cite any of the supporting cases that he now cites to this Court to the magistrate judge.   
Accordingly, this Court should not consider this new argument being presented to it for 
the first time.  As the Eleventh Circuit has explained, “Systemic efficiencies would be 
frustrated and the magistrate judge's role reduced to that of a mere dress rehearser if a 
party were allowed to feint and weave at the initial hearing, and save its knockout punch 
for the second round.”   Williams v. McNeil, 557 F.3d 1287, 1292 (11th Cir. 2009).   
Four, in any event, far from being a knockout punch, Epstein’s argument is 
meritless.  As is readily apparent, Epstein is making an argument based on what he 
alleges to be good “public policy.”  Epstein’s Appeal at 4.  But in approving the Rules of 
Civil Procedure, Congress has already made a different determination about the 
appropriate policy to follow during discovery.  The Rules of Civil Procedure permit 
discovery, of course, “regarding any nonprivileged matter that is relevant” to Jane Doe’s 
claims.  Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(1) (emphasis added).  The Rules of Evidence regarding 
settlement discussions (rules 410 and 408) do not create any privileges.  It is possible 
that Epstein may ultimately argue that these rules exclude certain evidence at trial.  If he 
makes these arguments, Jane Doe will respond in due course.3  But under the 
discovery rules “[r]elevant information need not be admissible at the trial if the discovery 
Both rules contains exemptions, allowing such evidence to be used to prove such things as 
“state of mind,”  “bias and prejudice,” or other things apart from mere liability for the matter 
under discussion.  See, e.g., United States v. Peed, 714 F.2d 7, 9-10 (4th Cir. 1983) (admitting 
defendant’s offer to return missing property because it appeared motivated by purpose of 
persuading victim to drop criminal charges rather than to compromise civil claim).  The Florida 
rule that Epstein cites, even though not applicable in this federal case, are also subject to similar 
exemptions.  Once Jane Doe has an opportunity to review the materials that Epstein provides, 
she believes that she will be able to provide multiple permissible grounds for believing that the 
correspondence falls comfortably within the exemptions. 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 7 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 27

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
appears reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence.”  Fed. R. 
Civ. P. 26(b).  Thus, discovery is “construed broadly to encompass any matter that 
bears on, or that reasonably could lead to another matter that could bear on any issue 
that is or may be in the case.”  Oppenheimer Fund, Inc. v. Sanders, 437 U.S. 340, 352 
(1978).  The correspondence with the government agencies may well point Jane Doe in 
the direction of admissible evidence, and therefore Epstein should be compelled to 
provide the correspondence sought in request number 10.   
Fifth, even if Rule 410 and 408 could be viewed restricting discovery in civil 
cases, they are entirely inapplicable to this particular case.  Rule 410 is the specific rule 
covering plea bargaining in criminal cases.  It makes inadmissible against a defendant 
“any statement made in the course of plea discussions with an attorney for the 
prosecuting authority which do not result in a plea of guilty . . . .”  Fed. R. Evid. 410(4) 
(emphasis added).  Of course, in this case the discussions that Epstein had with 
prosecutors did “result in a plea of guilty” -- therefore Rule 410 is by its own terms 
completely irrelevant to correspondence by Epstein involving a ultimate guilty plea.   
Rule 408 does not cover criminal plea bargaining, but is a general rule that 
covers settlement discussions in civil cases.   See CHRISTOPHER B. MUELLER & LAIRD C. 
KIRKPATRICK, EVIDENCE 246 (3d ed. 2003) (Federal Rule of Evidence “408 is intended to 
apply to settlement negotiations in civil cases as indicated by the reference to 
compromising a ‘claim’ rather than a ‘charge.’  Plea bargaining in criminal cases is 
addressed by [Federal Rule of Evidence] 410.”).  Therefore, Epstein simply cannot rely 
on Rule 408 as basis for refusing to produce materials connected with plea bargaining.     
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 8 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 27

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
For all these reasons Epstein’s argument that it would contravene public policy to 
order him to produce his correspondence with the Government should be rejected. 
B.   
The Fifth Amendment Privilege Against Self-Incrimination Does Not  
Provide any Basis for Resisting Discovery of Materials Already Seen  
By the Government. 
Epstein also half-heartedly continues to press the argument that the magistrate 
judge emphatically rejected: that producing materials that the Government has 
disclosed during the plea discussions would violate the Fifth Amendment.  Epstein’s 
Appeal at 9-11.  His argument to this Court is little more than a “cut-and-paste” of the 
pleading he filed with the magistrate judge, not even bothering with any revision to 
discuss the analysis of or cases cited by the magistrate judge.   
The magistrate judge rejected Epstein’s Fifth Amendment argument because 
“requests 7, 9, and 10 seek production of documents the government itself gave 
Epstein, making the government’s prior knowledge of the documents sought an obvious 
and undeniable ‘foregone conclusion.’  As such, Epstein cannot reasonably and in good 
faith argue that in producing these documents to Plaintiff he will somehow be 
incriminating himself.”  Omnibus Order at 8.  The magistrate judge cited as supporting 
authority In re Grand Jury Subpoena, 383 F.3d 905, 910 (9th Cir. 2004) (noting there 
can be no self-incrimination by production where the ‘existence and location of the 
documents . ..  are a ‘foregone conclusion’ and [the claimant] . . .adds little or nothing to 
the sum total of the Government’s information by conceding that he in fact has the 
documents.”).   
Rather than address this analysis, Epstein maintains that producing the items 
“could furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute him for a crime.”  
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 9 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 27

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Epstein’s Appeal at 9.   This claim is remarkable, because Epstein is arguing that the 
materials at issue – which started in the government’s possession -- are now somehow 
transformed and given Fifth Amendment protection by his mere receipt of them.  The 
Fifth Amendment does not work such alchemy. 
It is true, of course, that the Fifth Amendment covers situations where the act of 
producing documents has “communicative aspects of its own, wholly aside from the 
contents of the papers produced.”  Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 410 (1976).  
But this “act of production” doctrine has stringent limits.  It does not extend, for example, 
to a claim by a taxpayer that he would incriminate himself by producing his accountant’s 
work papers.  As the Supreme Court has explained – and the magistrate judge properly 
recognized -- the government’s awareness of these documents was “a foregone 
conclusion” and therefore their production could be required: 
It is doubtful that implicitly admitting the existence and possession 
of the papers rises to level of testimony within the protection of the Fifth 
Amendment.  The papers belong to the accountant, were prepared by 
him, and are the kind usually prepared by an accountant working on the 
tax returns of his client.  Surely the Government is in no way relying on the 
“truthtelling” of the taxpayer to prove the existence of . . . the documents.  
The existence and location of the papers are a foregone conclusion. 
Fisher, 425 U.S. at 410 (emphasis added).   
Courts applying this “foregone conclusion” standard to various fact patterns have 
asked whether the government was aware of the documents’ existence apart from any 
actions of the defendant.  Thus, United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27 (2000), rejected 
the Government’s argument that it was a foregone conclusion that the defendant 
possessed “ordinary business records.”  The Court noted that the government had no 
“prior knowledge” of these records: 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 10 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Whatever the scope of this “foregone conclusion” rationale, the facts of 
this case plainly fall outside of it.  While in Fisher the Government already 
knew that the documents were in the attorney’s possession and could 
independently confirm their existence and authenticity through the 
accountants who created them, here the Government has not shown that 
it had any prior knowledge of either the existence or the whereabouts of 
the 13,120 pages of documents ultimately produced by respondent.   
Id. at 44 (emphasis added). 
In this case, of course, the government’s “prior knowledge” of the documents that 
Jane Doe seeks is obviously and undeniably a foregone conclusion.  The government 
itself gave Epstein the documents!  Therefore, there is no plausible argument that, in 
producing these documents to Jane Doe, Epstein will somehow be incriminating himself 
by disclosing to the government something that it does not already know.  The 
government clearly has prior knowledge of documents that it gave to Epstein.  Here, 
then – as the magistrate judge properly held relying on an instructive Ninth Circuit 
opinion (not discussed by Epstein) -- the “existence and location of the documents . . . 
are a ‘foregone conclusion’ and [Epstein] . . . adds little or nothing to the sum total of the 
Government’s information by conceding that he in fact has the documents.”  In re Grand 
Jury Subpoena, Dated April 18, 2003, 383 F.3d 905, 910 (9th Cir. 2004).   
The D.C. Circuit has recently refused to extend the act of production doctrine on 
facts very similar to those here.  In United States v. Ponds, 454 F.3d 313 (D.C. Cir. 
2006), federal prosecutors sought information about possible crimes committed by a 
defense attorney in the course of representing a defendant in a federal case.  The 
prosecutors subpoenaed the attorney to produce all correspondence between him and 
courts and prosecutors in that case.  In summarily rejecting an argument that producing 
the documents would somehow fall within the act of production doctrine of the Fifth 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 11 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Amendment, the D.C. Circuit explained that “the government must have known of the 
existence of documents . . . because it was a party to that correspondence.”  Id.  at 325. 
The Circuit further explained that the government’s subpoena need not “name every 
scrap of paper that is produced.  Because the government already had sufficient 
knowledge about the . . . [case-related] documents, . . . [the defense attorney] was 
simply surrendering them, not testifying, by complying with those demands in the 
subpoena.”  Id.  Other cases similarly reject attempts to use an act of production shield 
to turning over documents whose existence are known to the government or is a 
foregone conclusion.  See, e.g. In re Grand Jury Subpoena Duces Tecum Dated Oct. 
29, 1992, 1 F.3d 87, 93 (2d Cir. 1993) (rejecting act of production argument because 
compliance with subpoena requiring production of a personal calendar “would require 
mere surrender of the calendar, and not testimony” (internal quotation omitted)); United 
States v. Clark, 847 F.2d 1467, 1473 (10th Cir. 1988) (accounting records not subject to 
act of production protection; in producing records the defendant would not “authenticate 
the documents as being his own or being accurate”); Securities and Exchange 
Commission v. First Jersey Securities, Inc., 843 F.2d 74, 76 (2d Cir. 1988) (rejecting act 
of production argument regarding bank records because “everybody knew that they 
existed”). 
C. 
The Attorney-Client Privilege and Work-Product Doctrines Are Not  
Applicable to the Discovery Requests. 
Although his appeal memorandum is not entirely clear, Epstein also seems to be 
arguing some sort of attorney-client or work-product privilege bars production of the 
documents.  As the magistrate judge found in rejecting this claim “out of hand,” 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 12 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Omnibus Order at 9, any such argument is frivolous.  As the magistrate judge 
explained, “The attorney-client privilege protects ‘confidential communications’ between 
a lawyer and his client for the purpose of obtaining legal advice.”  Id.  There is nothing 
confidential about materials being exchanged between Epstein and government 
prosecutors – regardless of whether the materials or correspondence were being sent 
from the prosecutors to Epstein or from Epstein to the prosecutors.4  Epstein does not 
even acknowledge – much less attempt to refute – the magistrate judge’s reasoning for 
ordering Epstein to produce these materials 
D. 
The Privacy Rights of Third Parties are Not Implicated By The   
Magistrate Judge’s Order. 
In a last attempt to thwart production, Epstein appeals to “third-party privacy 
rights.”  Epstein’s Appeal at 11.  Given the extent to which Epstein’s hired investigators 
have interrogated anyone even remotely connected with this case, this appeal to 
privacy interests rings rather hollow.  In any event, it is odd to think that the privacy 
rights of these third persons do not interfere with Epstein himself (a convicted sex 
offender) reviewing these materials but forbid equal viewing by attorneys for a victim 
who was victimized by him.  None of the authorities cited by Epstein are remotely 
Jane Doe’s request No. 10 sought “[a]ll correspondence between you and your attorneys and state or 
federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited to, letters to and from the State 
Attorney’s office or any agents thereof)” (emphasis added).  In a cryptic sentence in his appeal, Epstein 
states “to the extent that the request is now limited to communications from the Government to Epstein, 
see DE 54, pgs 3 and 8, the narrowed request implicate[s] the same concerns for the opinions, the work 
product, and the expectation of privacy of the United States Attorney . . . .”  Epstein’s Appeal at 8.  It’s 
hard to understand what Epstein means by this sentence.  The cited docket entry – DE 54 – has nothing 
to do with the discovery request at hand.  Perhaps this sentence is simply a mistaken remnant of a 
botched “cut and paste” from another pleading in another case where docket entry 54 would be relevant.  
In any event, to be clear, Jane Doe has not “narrowed” her request to only one-half of the relevant 
correspondence and thus the magistrate judge’s order is not limited to one-half of the correspondence.     
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 13 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
similar to the case at hand.  They all involved third parties asserting their own rights.  
Epstein simply lacks “standing” to raise the interests of third parties.   
And, of course, Jane Doe’s counsel are aware of the limits restricting use of 
information provided in discovery to matters pertaining to the litigation.  Jane Doe’s 
counsel understands very well that the names of minor sexual assault victioms should 
remain confidential, and there is no intent to compromise that  the confidentiality of 
these girls.  Therefore, Epstein’s argument should be rejected summarily.   
II.   
THE MAGISTRATE JUDGE PROPERLY ORDERED EPSTEIN TO PRODUCE 
HIS RECENT TAX RETURNS.    
The magistrate judge also ordered Epstein to produce his recent tax returns.  
Before the magistrate judge, Epstein raised a Fifth Amendment objection to this 
production.  The magistrate judge rejected Epstein’s argument for three reasons.  First, 
“the Government, namely the IRS, already has Epstein’s tax returns, so it can hardly be 
incriminating for Epstein to produce them.”  Omnibus Order at 12.  Second, the 
magistrate judge found “[e]ven more persuasive . . . the fact that tax records and 
passports, considered by the courts to be ‘required records,’ are as a matter of law not 
subject to Fifth Amendment protection.”  Omnibus Order at 12 (citing Rajah v. Mukasey, 
544 F.3d 427, 442 (2d Cir. 2008)); In re Doe, 711 F.2d 1187, 1191 (2d Cir. 1983); In re 
Doe, 97 F.R.D. 640, 644-45 (S.D.N.Y. 1982)).  Third, the magistrate judge concluded 
that any confidentiality of tax records “was properly overridden by the broad federal 
discovery rules.”  Omnibus Order at 12. 
Before this Court, Epstein continues to push his Fifth Amendment argument, 
citing general Fifth Amendment cases.  He does not dispute, however, that numerous 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 14 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
cases have found no Fifth Amendment protection for tax returns – as the magistrate 
judge specifically noted in rejecting Epstein’s argument.  See, e.g., Rajah v. Mukasey, 
544 F.3d 427, 442 (2nd Cir. 2008) (“. . . a taxpayer’s W-2 forms are required records not 
subject to the Fifth Amendment because they are a mandatory part of a civil regulatory 
regime . . . . “); In re Doe, 711 F.2d 1187, 1191 (2d Cir. 1983) (“we have little difficulty 
applying the required records exception to the W-2 . . . forms” and ordering production 
of W-2 forms over Fifth Amendment objection);  In re Doe, 97  F.R.D. 640, 644-45 
(S.D.N.Y. 1982) (ordering production of physician’s W-2 forms as required records); In 
re Grand Jury Empanelled March 19, 1989, 541 F.Supp. 1, 3 (D.N.J. 1981). (ordering 
the production of tax returns and W-2 statements to a grand jury), aff'd, 680 F.2d 327, 
336 n. 15 (3rd Cir. 1982) (“[W]e affirm that those subpoenaed documents in the 
appellee's possession which are required either to be kept by law or to be disclosed to a 
public agency should be produced for the grand jury's inspection.”), aff'd in part, rev'd in 
part on other grounds sub nom. United States v. Doe, 465 U.S. 605, 608 n.3 (1984).  
Nor does Epstein contest the magistrate judge’s observation that, given the 
Government already possesses the tax returns, “it can hardly be incriminating for 
Epstein to produce them.”  Omnibus Order at 12. 
Epstein does not tarry long on these fundamental problems, moving quickly to 
the claim that even if the Fifth Amendment does not bar production of the tax returns, he 
is entitled to claim the benefits of some “more stringent” standard for production than 
would otherwise apply to discovery.  Epstein’s Appeal at 15.  The authority for this claim 
is said to be Trudeau v. New York State Consumer Protection Bd., 237 F.R.D. 325 
(N.D.N.Y. 2006), which reviews some decisions from within the Second Circuit and 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 15 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 15 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
discusses a “compelling need” standard that apparently applies in the Northern District 
of New York.  Epstein’s Appeal at 15-16. 
Epstein’s claim suffers from two fundamental problems. First, Epstein simply 
never argued to the magistrate judge that he was entitled to a more stringent standard 
of review.  Rather, his argument to the magistrate judge was exclusively a Fifth 
Amendment argument.  Epstein’s Response in Opposition at 13-15.  Here again, in the 
interests of judicial efficiency, this Court should not consider new arguments advanced 
for the first time on appeal from a magistrate judge.  Williams v. McNeil, 557 F.3d 1287, 
1292 (11th Cir. 2009) (“a district court has discretion to decline to consider a party's 
argument when that argument was not first presented to the magistrate judge”). 
Second, whatever may be the law in the Northern District of New York about 
discovery of tax returns there, the law in the Eleventh Circuit is that tax returns are 
subject to ordinary discovery principles.  Although Epstein’s failure to raise the issue 
below prevented Magistrate Judge Johnson from reviewing the issue in this case, the 
state of the law in the Eleventh Circuit was recently and carefully reviewed by 
Magistrate Judge Hopkins in another case.  In United States v. Certain Real Property 
known as and Located at 6469 Polo Pointe Way, Delray Beach, Fla., 444 F.Supp.2d 
1258, 1263 -1264 (S.D.Fla.,2006), he explained that this claim of a higher standard had 
been rejected by Maddow v. Procter & Gamble Co., Inc., 107 F.3d 846, 853 (11th 
Cir.1997): 
Despite the fact that some Courts within the Southern District of Florida 
have required a compelling need prior to ordering disclosure of tax 
records, the Eleventh Circuit declined to adopt such a position. In 
Maddow, 107 F.3d at 853, the defendants requested plaintiffs' tax returns 
and sent an interrogatory seeking detailed attorney fee arrangement 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 16 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 16 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
information. Although the plaintiffs objected to the tax return request on 
privilege and relevance grounds, they provided W-2 and 1099 forms to 
document their earnings. The district court found that the tax records 
would contain relevant information not contained within the supplied 
forms, and ordered the plaintiffs to pay three thousand dollars ($3,000.00) 
in attorney's fees for not complying with the discovery request. See Id. 
   On appeal, in affirming the district court's order compelling production 
of the tax records, the Court stated, “[t]he court's decision to compel 
discovery was not an abuse of discretion: both items of information are 
arguably relevant to the case.” Id. However, the Court reversed the district 
court's imposition of sanctions, finding that the plaintiffs were substantially 
justified in relying on out-of-circuit district court caselaw in support of their 
contention that a compelling need had to be shown prior to ordering 
disclosure, where there was no in-circuit caselaw regarding the disclosure 
of tax records. See Id. It should be noted that while the Court recognized 
that cases requiring a compelling need to be shown prior to ordering 
disclosure of tax records [existed], the Eleventh Circuit did not adopt such 
approach. See Id. 
U.S. v. Certain Real Property known as and Located at 6469 Polo Pointe Way, Delray 
Beach, Fla., 444 F.Supp.2d 1258, 1263 -1264 (S.D.Fla. 2006).  This Court should 
likewise follow the Eleventh Circuit’s ruling in Maddow and treat the tax return 
information as discoverable under ordinary standards.  See also Shearson Lehman 
Hutton v. Lambros, 135 F.R.D. 195, 198 (M.D.Fla.1990) (ordering disclosure of tax 
returns because such information was relevant to the parties claims and defenses, 
reasoning that the quasi-privilege for tax returns had not been expressly recognized 
within the Circuit); Weiner v. Bache Halsey Stuart, Inc., 76 F.R.D. 624, 627 
(S.D.Fla.1977) (holding that no privilege attaches to tax returns and that their 
discoverability turns on relevance); MCI Worldcom Network Servs., Inc. v. Von Behren 
Elec., Inc., No. 1:00CV3311JTC, 2002 WL 32166535, at *4 (N.D.Ga. May 21, 2002) 
(same) (citing Shearson Lehman Hutton, Inc., 135 F.R.D. at 198). 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 17 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 17 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Finally, for the sake of completeness, Jane Doe could easily satisfy even a more 
stringent standard for obtaining Epstein’s tax returns.  Even courts in New York would 
order production of tax returns in discovery where “(1) it clearly appears that they are 
relevant to the subject matter of the action, and (2) a compelling need is shown because 
the information contained therein is not otherwise available.”   Dunkin' Donuts, Inc. v. 
Mary's Donuts, Inc., 2001 WL 34079319 at *2 (S.D.Fla.) (S.D.Fla.,2001) (citing Cooper 
v. Hallgarten & Co., 34 F.R.D. 482; 483-84 (S.D.N.Y.1964)).   
Epstein’s tax returns are clearly relevant to Jane Doe’s case for numerous 
reasons.  First, a theory of Jane Doe’s case is that Epstein used his wealth and power 
to lure economically disadvantaged minor girls to his homes in Palm Beach, New York 
and St. Thomas where they were sexually assaulted.  Epstein’s tax returns will help 
establish the imbalance of economic power that was at the heart of his ability to 
pressure them into being sexually assaulted.   
Second, Jane Doe is seeking not only compensatory damages but also punitive 
damages.  Epstein’s income in recent years is plainly relevant to the size of the punitive 
damage award that the jury will need to impose to sufficiently punish him and insure that 
he does not continue the same crimes in the future.   Indeed, Epstein appears to 
concede that his tax returns are relevant to this issue, offering to stipulate that “he has a 
net worth of over $50,000,000.”  Epstein’s Appeal at 17.  Of course, this stipulation 
should have been presented in the first instance to the magistrate judge rather than to 
this Court on appeal.  In any event, Jane Doe is entitled to argue for punitive damages 
based on Epstein’s full net worth, not some conservative calculation of a figure that is 
lower by some undetermined amount.  Jane Doe believes in good faith that Epstein’s 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 18 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 18 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
net worth is substantially more than $50 million (he has been routinely described in the 
media as a “billionaire”) and is entitled to pursue discovery to confirm her belief.   
Third, Jane Doe’s counsel continue to receive disturbing reports that Epstein is 
moving all of his assets overseas in an effort to defeat collection of any judgment that 
Jane Doe and other plaintiffs may obtain.  As the Court is aware, Jane Doe even filed a 
motion for (among other things) a restraining order forbidding Epstein from making 
fraudulent transfers of his assets (dkt. #165).  The Court ultimately denied that motion, 
primarily on grounds that while Epstein had taken the Fifth when asked about his 
fraudulent transfers, Jane Doe lacked affirmative evidence that such transfers were 
taking place.  Order, dkt. #400, at 3.5  Epstein’s tax returns may help to provide the 
affirmative evidence (or lead to affirmative evidence) that such fraudulent transfers are 
taking place.  Cf. Epstein’s Appeal at 17 (conceding that his tax returns will reveal 
“complicated business transactions”).     
Fourth, Jane Doe has alleged and found some limited evidence suggesting that 
Epstein is using “modeling agencies” as a means of luring young, under-aged girls to 
him for sexual purposes.  Epstein’s tax returns may reveal the existence and location of 
such modeling agencies.    
Fifth, Jane Doe is currently facing Epstein’s motion for summary judgment on her 
count that alleges a violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2255, which in turn incorporates sexual 
Jane Doe was able to produce evidence that Epstein had fraudulent transferred the title to 
several of his vehicle to third parties in an effort to conceal his ownership of these assets.  The 
Court concluded that these frauds were “de minimis” given Jane Doe’s allegation that Epstein 
was a “billionaire.”  Order at 3.  Epstein’s tax returns are also relevant to these issues, since 
they may show additional assets that have been fraudulently titled and may shed light on the 
true status of his finances.  Moreover, if Epstein’s net worth is “only” $50 million, than it would 
appear that Epstein had an obligation to call this fact to the attention of the Court at the time that 
it ruled in his favor based on the fact that he was an alleged billionaire.     
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 19 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 19 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
assault and child abuse statutes that require a federal nexus (i.e., use of a means of 
interstate communication).  Yet Epstein has filed two in camera pleadings with this 
Court that appear to detail how his financial information may be relevant to such federal 
nexus issues.  See dkt. #282 and #283 (in camera pleadings).  The tax returns may 
help Jane Doe establish the interstate nexus to Epstein’s offenses.6   
The second prong of the heightened test would require Jane Doe to establish 
that “the information contained therein [in the tax returns] is not otherwise available.”   
Dunkin' Donuts, Inc. v. Mary's Donuts, Inc., 2001 WL 34079319, at *2 (S.D. Fla. 2001).  
Here again, this prong is easily satisfied.  Epstein has taken the Fifth on answering 
(among other things) all financial questions propounded to him and has otherwise thus 
far thwarted discovery by Jane Doe and other plaintiffs on financial issues as well as all 
other issues in this case.  See, e.g., dkt. #462.  While it is clear that Jane Doe will be 
entitled to an adverse inference as to all issues where Epstein has elected to obstruct 
discovery through his blanket 5th amendment invocation, Jane Doe anticipates that 
Epstein will attempt to dilute the impact of such an inference at trial.  Therefore, Jane 
Doe should not be left only with evidence deduced from adverse inferences, and she is 
deserving of all corroborating documentation that is not blocked by assertions of the 5th 
amendment.   Clearly the tax returns are a way in which Jane Doe can get supporting 
evidence as to Epstein’s finances.  Epstein does not argue otherwise.  For all these 
reasons, the magistrate judge properly ordered Epstein to produce his recent tax 
returns.   
Of course, there are no Fifth Amendment concerns raised by production of tax records already 
in the Government’s possession, for the reasons explained earlier.   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 20 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 20 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
III.   
THE MAGISTRATE JUDGE PROPERLY ORDERED EPSTEIN TO PRODUCE 
HIS GOVERNMENT-ISSUED PASSPORT.   
The magistrate judge also required Epstein to produce to Jane Doe his passport 
(a document obviously issued by the Government).   Epstein argued to the magistrate 
judge that producing the passport might constitute “a link in the chain of evidence” that 
could tie him to various federal crimes.  Epstein’s Opposition at 16.  The magistrate 
judge rejected this argument for two reasons.  First, the magistrate judge reasoned that 
“Epstein is required to show his Passport to Government officials every time he travels 
outside the United States, [so] the Government undeniably has ‘prior knowledge’ of the 
Passport’s existence, and its whereabouts is a ‘foregone’ conclusion.”  Omnibus Order 
at 12 (citing Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 44).  Second, the magistrate judge concluded that the 
passport was a “required record” to which the Fifth Amendment privilege cannot be 
properly invoked.  Omnibus Order at 12 (citing and quoting Rajah v. Mukasey, 544 F.3d 
427, 442 (2d Cir. 2008) (“Just as a taxpayer’s W-2 forms are required records not 
subject to the Fifth Amendment because they are a mandatory part of a civil regulatory 
regime, so too are the passports . . . at issue in the current case.”).   
Rather than respond to the magistrate judge’s analysis and to the cited cases, 
Epstein (once again) raises a new set of arguments.  Epstein initially claims that he is 
entitled to invoke a Fifth Amendment privilege for his passport unless Jane Doe can 
show “that the government has an exact copy of same.”  Omnibus Order at 19 
(emphasis in original).  Epstein further contends that “the Order presupposes that the 
[Customs and Border Patrol] has records of all of Epstein’s destinations and that other 
countries have shared the information with the CPB.”  Epstein’s Appeal at 19.   
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 21 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 21 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Here again, this Court should reject Epstein’s argument because he failed to 
present it to the magistrate judge.  The Court should be particularly reluctant to venture 
into the argument that he raises, because it involves certain evidentiary issues about 
the nature of the Customs and Border Patrol records -- evidentiary issues that were not 
litigated below.  See  Williams v. McNeil,  557 F.3d 1287, 1292 (11th Cir. 2009) (“[t]o 
require a district court to consider evidence not previously presented to the magistrate 
judge would effectively nullify the magistrate judge's consideration of the matter and 
would not help to relieve the workload of the district court”) (internal quotation omitted).    
Even if the Court decides to review Epstein’s claim, the claim is without merit.  
The controlling case law does not require that the Government have “an exact copy” of 
the records (as Epstein now argues), but only that the “existence” of the records be a 
“foregone conclusion” (as the magistrate judge found).  For example, in the Hubbard 
case cited by the magistrate judge, the Supreme Court explained that in an earlier case 
(Fisher v. United States) it had rejected a taxpayer’s efforts to invoke a Fifth 
Amendment privilege against producing “working papers prepared by the taxpayers' 
accountants that the IRS knew were in the possession of the taxpayers' attorneys.”  
Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 44-45 (citing Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. 391, 394 (1976)).  
While the Government did not have an exact copy of these records (or even any copy 
for that matter), the Supreme Court rejected a Fifth Amendment invocation because: 
 It is doubtful that implicitly admitting the existence and possession of the 
papers rises to the level of testimony within the protection of the Fifth 
Amendment.  . . . The existence and location of the papers are a foregone 
conclusion and the taxpayer adds little or nothing to the sum total of the 
Government's information by conceding that he in fact has the papers. 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 22 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 22 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Hubbell, 530 U.S. at 44 (quoting Fisher v. United States, 425 U.S. at 411).  In line with 
Fisher, dozens of cases implicitly hold that the Government need not have a copy of 
records in order to defeat a Fifth Amendment privilege.  See, e.g., Rajah v. Mukasey, 
544 F.3d 427, 442 (2d Cir. 2008) (ordering production of passports without requiring 
showing that Government had exact copy of those passports).  
As the magistrate judge held, a second reason for rejecting Epstein’s attempt to 
invoke the Fifth Amendment before producing his passport is that the passport is a 
“required record” for which the Fifth Amendment is simply inapplicable.  The magistrate 
judge cited Rajah v. Mukasey, 544 F.3d 427, 442 (2d Cir. 2008), which specifically held 
that “[j]ust as a taxpayer’s W-2 forms are required records not subject to the Fifth 
Amendment because they are a mandatory part of a civil regulatory regime, so too are 
the passports . . . at issue in the current case.”  Epstein does not respond to this 
doctrine – or offer any case law in response. 
In addition to Rajah v. Mukasey, the magistrate judge could also have cited 
authority from this Court which specifically adopted that case.  In United States v. 
Garcia-Cordero, 595 F.Supp.2d 1312, 1318 (S.D.Fla. 2009), this Court quoted from and 
adopted Rajah’s conclusion that passports are not protected by the Fifth Amendment.  
Id. at 1318 (“’the Fifth Amendment does not protect [persons] either from being forced to 
turn over their passports’”) (quoting with approval Rajah).   This Court went on to 
explain that, notwithstanding the Fifth Amendment, the Government “may require 
disclosure of information where the area of inquiry is regulatory rather than criminal, 
where the field subject to the disclosure obligation is not permeated with criminal 
statutes, and where there is a substantial non-prosecutorial interest served by the 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 23 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 23 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
reporting regime."  Garcia-Cordero, 595 F.Supp.2d at 138 (citing Rajah v. Mukasey, 544 
F.3d 427, 442 (2d Cir.2008)).  See also United States v. McDowell, 250 F.3d 1354, 
1362 (11th Cir.2001) (Fifth Amendment rights are generally diminished in the context of 
border crossings). All these rationales apply here.  Epstein’s passport is simply a 
government-issued record that he must present whenever he enters this country.  The 
only information disclosed on the passport is stamps placed on it by the United States 
government or other governments.  And, of course, all of this information is reviewed by 
government agents whenever Epstein crosses a border.  In these circumstances, there 
is plainly no Fifth Amendment privilege for Epstein to invoke. 
Finally, Epstein contends that Jane Doe needs to show some kind of “substantial 
need” for his passport.  Epstein’s Appeal at 22.  This argument was not presented to the 
magistrate judge and is also frivolous.  The discovery rules do not require a request be 
predicated on a “substantial need” but only that it be “reasonably calculated to lead to 
the discovery of admissible evidence.”  Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(1).  As Epstein concedes, 
Jane Doe has been pursuing discovery in this case regarding flight manifests and other 
international travel by Epstein.  Id. at 20.  Clearly the passport is relevant to this line of 
inquiry.  It is also relevant to supporting Jane Doe’s theory that Epstein has brought 
minor girls into this country to satisfy his sexual appetite for underage girls.    
CONCLUSION 
The magistrate judge carefully considered Epstein’s arguments against 
producing certain materials and, for three particular categories – criminal discovery, tax 
returns, and a passport – required that Epstein producing them.  The magistrate judge 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 24 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 24 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
properly analyzed the issues and the ruling requiring Epstein to produce the materials 
should be affirmed. 
Epstein should also be directed to produce the materials within three days, as 
this Court has indicated would be the requirement upon affirmance of the magistrate 
judge’s order. Dkt. #468 at 1-2 (“In the event that Magistrate Judge Johnson’s February 
4, 2010 Order is affirmed on appeal, Defendant will have three (3) business days from 
the date of this Court’s order to produce the documents at issue.”) 
DATED: March 10, 2010 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice  
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 25 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 25 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on March 10, 2010 I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the 
manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to 
receive electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Jgoldberger@agwpa.com 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcritton@bclclaw.com 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Jack Patrick Hill 
iph@searcylaw.com 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
KEzell@podhurst.com 
Michael James Pike 
MPike@bclclaw.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Richard Horace Willits 
lawyerswillits@aol.com 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
rjosefsberg@podhurst.com 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 26 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 26 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Adam D. Horowitz 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
Stuart S. Mermelstein 
ssm@sexabuseattorney.com
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 485    Entered on FLSD Docket 03/10/2010   Page 27 of 27
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-10   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 27 of


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-10.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-11.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-11.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT  
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA  
CASE NO. 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON
JANE DOE NO. 2,     
 Plaintiff, 
vs.  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,   
Defendant. 
____________________________________/  
Related cases:
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994,
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469,
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092
____________________________________/  
OMNIBUS ORDER
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on Defendant Epstein’s Motion For
Reconsideration and/or Request for Rule 4 Review and Appeal of Portions of the
Magistrate’s Order Dated February 4, 2010 (D.E. #477); and Defendant’s Motion for
Reconsideration and/or Request for Rule 4 Review and Appeal of Magistrate’s Order
Dated March 4, 2010 (D.E. #488).  For the following reasons said Motions are
viewed by this Court as requests for reconsideration and are denied.  Should
Defendant wish to file a formal appeal to the District Court with regard to this Order
and/or any or both of the underlying Orders, Defendant may do so within ten (10)
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 513    Entered on FLSD Docket 04/01/2010   Page 1 of 5
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 5

days from the date hereof.
In the first Motion (D.E.#477) Epstein seeks reversal of certain portions of the
undersigned’s Order entered February 4, 2010 which granted in part and denied in
part Jane Doe’s Motion to Compel production of various materials filed July 20,
2009.  Specifically Epstein takes issue with that portion of the Order which
compelled production of discovery from state and federal prosecutors in the criminal
case against him, his recent tax returns, and his passport. The Court stands behind
each of these decisions for the reasons stated in its Order and is not persuaded by
any of Epstein’s arguments to the contrary.
The first category of documents (Requests 7, 9, and 10 ) consist of documents
the government itself gave to Epstein.  Epstein’s primary objection was based on the
Fifth Amendment, which the undersigned overruled on the basis of the “foregone
conclusion” doctrine, which provides there can be no self-incrimination by production
where the “existence and location of the documents...are a ‘foregone conclusion’
and [the claimant]...adds little or nothing to the sum total of the Government’s
information by conceding that he in fact has the documents.” In re Grand Jury
Subpoena, 383 F.3d 905, 910 (9  Cir. 2004).  Other objections raised by Epstein
th
included attorney-client, work product, and privacy concerns, each of which were
also addressed and rejected.   Epstein’s final argument,  raised now for the first time,
concerns settlement discussion confidentiality. Because Epstein never presented
this argument to the undersigned, it is inappropriate to raise it now for the first time.
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 513    Entered on FLSD Docket 04/01/2010   Page 2 of 5
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 5

Williams v. McNeil, 557 F.3d 1287, 1292 (11  Cir. 2009).  Even were the Court to
th
consider the argument on its merits, for the reasons explained in Jane Doe’s
Response Memorandum (D.E. #485), pp.4-9, the Court finds said argument without
merit.
The second and third category of documents concern production of Epstein’s
recent tax returns and passport. The undersigned likewise finds no basis for reversal
of this decision.  Rajah v. Mukasey, 544 F.3d 427, 442 (2d Cir. 2008)(noting that tax
records and passports which are considered by the courts to be “required records,”
are as a matter of law not subject to Fifth Amendment protection).  Epstein cites
certain cases from the Second Circuit which provide for a “compelling need”
standard to obtain tax returns. This claim of a higher standard applying to tax
returns, however, has been rejected in the Eleventh Circuit. See Maddow v. Proctor
& Gamble Co., Inc., 107 F.3d 846, 853 (11  Cir. 1997); United States v. Certain Real
th
Property Known as and Located at 6469 Polo Pointe Way, 444 F.Supp.2d 1258,
1263-1264 (S.D. Fla. 2006). Accordingly, Epstein’s Motion for reconsideration is
denied.
In the second Motion (D.E. #488) Epstein seeks reversal of a portion of the
undersigned’s Order entered March 4, 2010.  The March 4, 2010 Order concerns
Defendant’s blanket assertion of the Fifth Amendment privilege in response to
Plaintiff’s interrogatories and production requests seeking net worth discovery. The
Order upheld each of Epstein’s objections except for those raised in response to
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 513    Entered on FLSD Docket 04/01/2010   Page 3 of 5
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 5

Production Request Number 1 seeking all federal and state tax returns, including all
W-2 forms and 1099 forms and schedules for the five year period from 2003-2008.
Epstein’s objections in this regard were the same objections raised in response to
the same request contained in Jane Doe’s July 20, 2009 Request for Production,
which this Court ordered previously ordered produced over Epstein’s objections and
a request for reconsideration.
The same reasons set forth above in connection with the undersigned’s
February 4, 2010 Order denying Epstein’s request to reconsider her decision
compelling production of his tax returns apply equally here, and shall not be
repeated. Suffice it to say that for those reasons, Epstein’s Motion for
Reconsideration of the Order entered March 4, 2010, is denied. In accordance with
the above and foregoing, it is hereby,
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows:
(1)
Defendant Epstein’s Motion For Reconsideration and/or Request for
Rule 4 Review and Appeal of Portions of the Magistrate’s Order Dated February 4,
2010 (D.E. #477) is DENIED. Should Defendant wish to file a formal appeal to this
Order and/or to the underlying February 4, 2010 Order, Defendant may do so within
ten (10) days from the date hereof; and
(2)
Defendant’s Motion for Reconsideration and/or Request for Rule 4
Review and Appeal of Magistrate’s Order Dated March 4, 2010 (D.E. #488) is
DENIED. Should Defendant wish to file a formal appeal to this Order and/or to the
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 513    Entered on FLSD Docket 04/01/2010   Page 4 of 5
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 5

underlying March 4, 2010 Order, Defendant may do so within ten (10) days from the
date hereof . 
DONE AND ORDERED this April 1, 2010, in Chambers, at West Palm Beach,
Florida.
LINNEA R. JOHNSON
UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE
CC:
The Honorable Kenneth A. Marra
All Counsel of Record
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 513    Entered on FLSD Docket 04/01/2010   Page 5 of 5
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-11   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 5


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-11.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-12.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-12.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 1 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 37
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
VS, 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
I 
--------------
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591,09-80656,09-80802,09-81092 
I 
--------------
DEFENDANT'S, CONSOLIDATED RULE 4 REVIEW AND APPEAL OF PORTIONS 
OF THE MAGISTRATE'S ORDERS DATED FEBRUARY 4, 2010 (DE 462), (DE 480) 
AND APRIL 1, 2010 (DE 513), WITH INCORPORATED OBJECTIONS AND 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein (hereinafter "Epstein"), by and through his undersigned 
attorneys, hereby files his Consolidated Rule 4 Review and Appeal of Portions of the 
Magistrate's Orders (DE 462), (DE 480) and (DE 513) pursuant to Rule 60, Fed.R.Civ.P. Rule 4, 
Rule 4(c) and Fed. R. Civ. P. 53(e). In support, Epstein states: 
I. 
Introdnction 
The Fifth Amendment serves as a guarantee against testimonial compulsion and provides, 
in relevant part, that "[n]o person ... shall be compelled in any Criminal Case to be a witness 
against himself." (DE 242, p.5); see also Edwin v. Price, 778 F.2d 668, 669 (11th Cir. 1985) 
(citing Lefkowitz v. Turley. 414 U.S. 70, 77 (1973)). 
The privilege is accorded liberal 
construction in favor of the right and extends not only to answers that would support a criminal 
conviction, but extends also to those answers which would furnish a link in the chain of evidence 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 2 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 2 
needed to prosecute the claimant for a crime. See Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 479,486 
(1951 ). 
Information is protected by the privilege not only if it would support a criminal 
conviction, but also in those instances where "the responses would merely 'provide a lead or 
clue' to evidence having a tendency to incriminate." See United States v. Neff, 315 F.2d 1235, 
1239 (9th Cir.), cert denied, 447 U.S. 925 (1980); Blau v. United States, 340 U.S. 159 (1950); 
SEC v Leach, 156 F.Supp.2d 491, 494 (E.D. PA. 2001). Add new case from my e-mail of 
yesterday: (Court in Englebrick v Worthington Industries Inc 670 F Supp2d 1048 (CD Cal, 
2009) 
rejected 
motion 
to 
compel 
111 
helpful 
language: 
"A valid assertion of the privilege does not reqmre an imminent criminal prosecution or 
investigation: 'The right to assert one's privilege against self-incrimination does not depend upon 
the likelihood, but upon the possibility of prosecution' cite omitted ... a possibility of prosecution 
exists where the witness has not received a grant of immunity, the statute of limitations has not 
run, double jeopardy does not apply, and there are no other concrete indications that criminal 
prosecution is barred. See also Belmonte v Lawson, 750 F. Supp. 735, 739 (E.D. Va. 
1990)("Courts should avoid engaging in crystal ball forecasts about what a prosecutor may or 
may not do ... ). 
Significantly, these cases have been consolidated for discovery. Therefore, consistent 
rulings must apply. In making those rulings, this Court must continue to recognize that the 
allegations in the related cases cannot be forgotten. (11.g., see DE 242, 293). Production of 
information in one case could provide a link in the chain of evidence used to prosecute Epstein 
for a crime or provide an indirect link to incriminating evidence in another case and in another 
jurisdiction. Id. and infra. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 3 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 3 
Moreover, in addition to the testimonial privilege discussed herein, the Fifth Amendment 
includes an act of production which encompasses circumstances highly relevant to certain of 
the discovery requests at issue where the act of producing documents in response to a subpoena 
or production request has a compelled testimonial aspect in that it would constitute an implied 
admission as to the defendant's possession or control of the requested documents, as to their 
authenticity, and as to the defendant's selection of them as meeting the requests for production. 
See United States v. Hubbell, 530 U.S. 27, 35-36 (2000). Thus, where the existence or location 
of the requested documents are unknown, or where production would "implicitly authenticate" 
the requested documents, the act of producing responsive documents is considered testimonial 
and is protected by the Fifth Amendment. See In re Grand Jury Subpoena, 1 F.3d 87, 93 (2nd 
Cir. 1993); Rudy-Glanzer v. Glanzer, 232 F.3d 1258, 1263 (9th Cir. 2000)(the "privilege" against 
self-incrimination does not depend upon the likelihood, but upon the possibility of prosecution 
and also covers those circumstances where the disclosures would not be directly incriminating, 
but could provide an indirect link to incriminating evidence). 
In addition, several of the requests outlined below implicate Federal Rules of Evidence 
408, 410 and 502, and the confidentiality protections intrinsic to federal tax returns that would be 
unavailable under 26 U.S.C. 6103 even ifa subpoena is served upon the IRS. Furthermore, 
II. Procedural Background 
Epstein filed his Motions for Reconsideration or, Alternatively, Rule 4 Appeal, at DE 477 
and 488. However, this court entered an order (DE 513) allowing for Consolidated Rule 4 
Appeals relative to the above docket entries. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 4 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 4 
(a) Jane Doe 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe's Motion to Compel is filed at DE (194). Defendant's Response in 
Opposition is filed at DE (339), and the arguments set forth therein are incorporated herein by 
reference as if completely set forth herein as each apply to request numbers I 0, 12 and 13. 
(b) Jane Does 2-8 
Plaintiffs, Jane Doe 2-8s' Motion to Compel is filed at DE (333). Defendant's Response 
in Opposition is filed at DE (390) and the arguments set forth therein are incorporated herein by 
reference as if completely set forth herein as each apply to request number I of Plaintiffs First 
request to produce Net Worth Discovery. 
The Request for Production and the responses thereto are attached as Composite 
Exhibits "A" and "B". 
III. 
The Requests For Production, Argument And Memorandum Of Law 
a. 
Jane Doe - Requests Numbers 7, 9 and 10 
Request No. 7: 
All discovery information obtained by you or your 
attorneys as a result of the exchange of discovery in the State criminal case 
against you or the Federal investigation against you. 
Request No. 9: 
Any documents or other evidentiary materials provided to 
local, state, or federal law enforcement investigators or local, state or federal 
prosecutors investigating your sexual activities with minors. 
Request No. 10: 
All correspondence between you and your attorneys and 
state or federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited to, 
letters to and from the State Attorney's office or any agents thereof). 
Response to Request Numbers 7, 9 and 10: Defendant is asserting specific 
legal objections to the production request as well as his U.S. constitutional 
privileges. I intend to produce all relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, 
however, my attorneys have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, 
authenticate, and produce documents relevant to this lawsuit and I must accept 
this advice or risk losing my Sixth Amendment right to effective representation. 
Accordingly, I assert my federal constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and 
Fourteenth Amendments as guaranteed by the United States Constitution. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 5 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 5 
Drawing an adverse inference nnder these circumstances would nnconstitutionally 
burden my exercise of my constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and 
would therefore violate the Constitution. In addition to and without waiving his 
constitutional privileges, the information sought is privileged and confidential, 
and inadmissible pursuant to the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, 
Fed. Rule of Evidence 410 and 408, and §90.410, Fla. Stat. Further, the request 
may include information subject to work product or an attorney-client privilege. 
It appears there is now a direct conflict with what Jane Doe requests (see M·, DE 354, p. 
). In short, Plaintiff is fast and loose in her argument regarding what she seeks (i.e., she states in 
no uncertain terms (DE 354, p.3) that she seeks information that the Federal government gave to 
Epstein. However, in her Reply to the Response in Opposition, she now seeks everything that the 
government gave to Epstein's lawyers and what his lawyers gave to the Federal government (i.e., 
the full breadth of the requests). The far broader ambit of the requests implicates whether the 
Plaintiff is seeking just the commnnications provided by USAO to Epstein's counsel or all 
Epstein's counsel's commnnications with, M·, the USAO, the State Attorneys' Office or any 
other local, state or Federal law enforcement. If Jane Doe seeks "all" commnnications, it deeply 
implicates the work product of Epstein's lawyers. If Plaintiff seeks just the commnnication 
provided by the USAO or the State Attorney, it deeply implicates the work product of the USAO 
and the State Attorney negotiating and communicating with Epstein's counsel which include, but 
are not limited to, information that resulted in a plea and information that did NOT result in a 
plea and information that may have resulted in the entering of the Non-Prosecution Agreement 
("NPA"). Either way, the requests deeply implicate the protections and policies ofFRE 408,410 
and 502 as more fully set forth infra. 
Before this limitation was made by Plaintiff, Epstein argued in his response in opposition 
(DE 339, p.7-8) that these requests are the same type requests the court found subject to the Fifth 
Amendment. With the limitation made by Plaintiff and her counsel in the Reply, the court ruled 
"[t]hat the earlier requests referenced by Epstein were significantly broader than the narrow 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 6 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CVS0 I 19 
Page No. 6 
requests at issue here, including for example, a request for all documents 'relating to' the federal 
non-prosecution agreement, and all documents 'relating to' either the federal or state criminal 
investigations. These requests would have required Epstein to pick and choose which documents 
were responsive and in this way force Epstein to use to effectively make 'use of the content his 
mind,' an action that would undeniably implicate the Fifth Amendment." (DE 462, p.9) Clearly 
the instant requests are exactly the same type of broad requests this court has already ruled upon. 
Had the Plaintiff not limited the scope of the requests in her Reply (DE 354, p.3), the court 
would not have labeled these requests as "narrow" because these requests now seek all 
information related to the federal non-prosecution agreement and all documents relating to either 
the federal or state criminal investigations, which clearly require Epstein to effectively make use 
of the content his mind to determine what is and what is not responsive to these broad requests. 
As a result of the limitation made by Plaintiff in her Reply (DE 354) and as a result of 
this court's Order (DE 462), Epstein responded - "[a]s to Request Number 7, Epstein and his 
attorneys do not have any "discovery information" provided to them by the federal government 
and [a]s to Request Number 9, Epstein has not been given any evidentiary materials or 
evidentiary documents by the federal government." (DE 477) Certainly, these responses were 
not intended to "gild the lily" as Plaintiff contends nor are they misleading. Despite what the 
interrogatory sought, Plaintff chose to limit same in her Reply to only what the Federal 
Government gave Epstein, and that is exactly how the Magistrate interpreted same. 
The 
responses were made based upon Plaintiffs limitation in what she sought from Epstein and 
because this court entered an Order based upon that limitation. Had the limitation not been 
made, neither this court nor Epstein would have been misled down this primrose path. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 7 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 7 
Nonetheless, Plaintiff now seeks to obtain the full breadth of information sought under 
request numbers 7, 9 and 10. However, that argument shall meet a short death in that Plaintiff 
herself limited the scope of the requests in her Reply and failed to timely file her own Rule 4 
Appeal after the court entered its order at DE 462, which adopted Plaintiff's limited scope of the 
requests (which Plaintiff now wishes to change). See S.D. Fla., Rule 4(a)(l), Mag. J. 2009. If 
the court made a mistake in adopting the limited scope of the requests (which it did not), Plaintiff 
should have timely appealed, which she did not. As such, Plaintiff's requested relief in this 
regard should be denied. 
Next, the Magistrate's order as to Request No.: 10 must be reversed because it contravenes 
critical public policy of encouraging resolution of criminal prosecutions without trial and the 
concomitant understanding that defendants will be considerably more likely to engage in full and 
frank discussions with the government if they need not fear that statements they or their counsel 
make to government prosecutors will be used against them to their detriment. The policies 
behind FRE 408,410 and 502 provide this court with a basis for sustaining Epstein's objections 
to Request No.: 10. For instance, the critical importance of plea bargaining to the criminal 
justice system has long been recognized. "[W]hatever might be the situation in an ideal world, 
the fact is that the guilty plea and the often concomitant plea bargain are important components 
of this country's criminal justice system. Properly administered, they can benefit all concerned." 
Bordenkircher v. Hayes, 434 U.S. 357, 361-62 (1978), quoting Blackledge v. Allison, 431 U.S. 
63, 71 (1977). To encourage defendants to participate in the plea negotiation process, rules have 
developed to prohibit admission into evidence against the defendant of any and all statements he 
or his counsel acting on his behalf makes to government prosecutors during the plea negotiation 
process. This confidentiality protection is embodied in both Fed. R. Evid. 410 and Fed. R. Crim. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 8 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 8 
P. 1 l(f). While these rules by their express terms refer only to admissibility of evidence, the 
purposes and policies underlying these rules is instructive in this context, in which a civil 
plaintiff seeks discovery of documents falling within the scope of these two rules. 
Rule 410 was created to promote active plea negotiations and plea bargains, which our 
Supreme Court has acknowledged are "important components of this country's criminal 
justice system." ... Our Court of Appeals has held that "in order for plea bargaining to 
work effectively and fairly, a defendant must be free to negotiate without fear that this 
statements will later be used against him." ... Indeed, absent the protection of Rule 410, 
"the possibility of self-incrimination would discourage defendants from being completely 
candid and open during plea negotiations." 
S.E.C. v. Johnson, 534 F.Supp.2d 63, 66-67 (D.D.C. 2008), quoting United States v. Davis, 617 
F.2d 677, 683 (D.C.Cir. 1980). See, Q,g., United States v. Mezzanatto, 513 U.S. 196, 205, 207 
(1995)(purpose of the rules is to encourage plea bargaining, and rules "creat[e], in effect, a 
privilege of the defendant," quoting 2 J. Weinstein & M. Berger, Weinstein's Evidence if410[05] 
at 410-43 (1994)); United States v. Barrow, 400 F.3d 109, 116 (2d Cir. 2005)("The underlying 
purpose of Rule 410 is to promote plea negotiations by permitting defendants to talk to 
prosecutors without sacrificing their ability to defend themselves if no disposition agreement is 
reached"); Fed. R. Crim. P. 11, Advisory Committee Notes, 1979 Amendment ("the purpose of 
Fed. R. Ev. 410 and Fed. R. Crim. P. 1 l(e)(6) [now Rule 1 l(f)] is to promote the unrestrained 
candor which produces effective plea discussions"). 1 
Additional illustration of the high degree of confidentially accorded settlement 
negotiations is found in Fed. R. Evid. 408, which precludes the introduction into evidence 
FRE 410(4) is particularly directed to communications in matters which, like Epstein's, did not result in a plea of 
guilty to any federal charge. Fla. Stat. §90.410 provides parallel protections in state criminal matters. Epstein pied 
guilty to Fla. Stat. 796.07(2)(!), Unlawful to Solicit, Induce, Entice, or Procure Another to Commit Prostitution, 
Lewdness or Assignation, and Fla. Stat. 796.03, Procuring Person Under Age of 18 For Prostitution. Therefore, in 
the event this court orders production of said correspondence, then it must first hold an in camera inspection to 
determine what, if any, documents are related to the foregoing pleas and what documents are not. Along those same 
lines, an in camera inspection must be had in an effort to redact any information that may violate third-party privacy 
rights or information that would implicate Epstein's Fifth Amendment rights. 
See infra. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 9 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 37
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 9 
communications made during settlement negotiations. The purposes underlying Rule 408 are 
essentially the same as those underlying Fed. R. Crim, P. 11 (f) and 410: "to encourage non-
litigious solutions to disputes." Reichenbach v. Smith, 528 F.2d 1072, 1074 (11th Cir. 1976). 
See, Lls·, Stockman v. Oakcrest Dental Center, P.C., 480 F.3d 791, 805 (6th Cir. 2007)("the 
purpose underlying Rule 408 ... is the promotion of the public policy favoring the compromise 
and settlement of disputes that would otherwise be discouraged with the admission of such 
evidence"); Bankcard America, Inc. v. Universal Bancard Systems, Inc., 203 F.3d 477, 483 (7th 
Cir. 2000)("Because settlement talks might be chilled if such discussions could later be used as 
admissions of liability at trial, the rule's purpose is to encourage settlements"); In re A.H. Robins 
Co., Inc., 197 B.R. 568, 572 (E.D.Va. 1994)("Rule 408 aims to foster settlement discussions in 
an individual lawsuit, and therefore insulates the particular parties to a settlement discussion 
from possible adverse consequences of their frank and open statements"). So crucial is this 
policy of confidentiality to the functioning of our federal court system that some courts have held 
that communications falling within the parameters of Rule 408 are covered by a settlement 
privilege which insulates them not just from admission into evidence but from discovery as well. 
See, Lls-, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. v. Chiles Power Supply, Inc., 332 F.3d 976, 979-983 (6th 
Cir. 2003). 
Given the powerful and long-standing policy of according confidentiality to settlement 
negotiations in both the civil and criminal context, civil plaintiffs should, at a minimum, be 
required to demonstrate real and concrete need for the material. They should not be permitted to 
rummage through such sensitive documents based on nothing more than a vague and contentless 
statement that the materials are "likely to lead to the discovery of other admissible evidence." 
Motion to Compel at 12 n.3, which is all that plaintiff offers as to Request No. 10. This is 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 10 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 10 
particularly so given the reality that parties often take positions or offer potential compromise 
solutions during plea negotiations which are inconsistent with the litigation strategy they will 
pursue if the case goes to trial. As one court has explained in the civil context: 
There exists a strong public interest in favor of secrecy of matters discussed by parties 
during settlement negotiations .... The ability to negotiate and settle a case without trial 
fosters a more efficient, more cost-effective, and significantly less burdened judicial 
system. . . . Parties must be able to abandon their adversarial tendencies to some degree. 
They must be able to make hypothetical concessions, offer creative quid pro quos, and 
generally make statements that would otherwise belie their litigation efforts. 
Goodyear Tire, 332 F.3d at 980. The same is no less true in the plea negotiation context 
particularly where a central component of the discussions and negotiations between counsel for 
Epstein and counsel for the USAO was to reach an agreement on conditions relating to I 8 USC 
2255 including certain waivers and other obligations of Epstein's NP A. The plaintiffs have 
contended that such provisions relating to 2255 are civil in nature, thus squarely implicating FRE 
408 protections. The free availability in discovery to civil plaintiffs of communications made 
during the plea negotiation process has profound potential to chill frank and open 
communications during that process so crucial to the functioning of the criminal justice system in 
any criminal case which has potential to become a civil or regulatory matter as well. Such 
defendants will be loath to be fully forthcoming during plea discussions or communications and 
indeed, if the potential civil or regulatory consequences are sufficiently severe, may decline to 
enter into plea negotiations at all, if they must fear that their communications will be made 
available to civil plaintiffs in discovery, thus entirely defeating both the purpose and spirit of 
Rules 410 and ll(f). 
In addition, the communications made during the plea negotiation process contain fact 
and opinion attorney work product of both Mr. Epstein's attorneys and government attorneys. 
Particularly given the strong public policy in favor of confidentiality of plea/settlement 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 11 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 11 
negotiations, the disclosure of such information should be treated as falling within the selective 
waiver provisions of Fed. R. Evid. 502 and not be treated as an open-ended waiver of the 
attorney-client and work product privileges, and, if the discovery order is upheld as to request 10 
a request for an order pursuant to FRE 502( d) mandating that the communications that led to the 
execution of a Non-Prosecution Agreement and communications regarding its implementation 
should be, to the extent they involve fact or opinion work product, not disclosed to third parties 
in civil litigation outside the criminal proceedings to which they relate. FRE 502(D) provides: " . 
. . a Federal court may order that the privilege or protection is not waived by disclosure 
connected with the litigation pending before the court - -in which event disclosure is also not a 
waiver in any other Federal or State proceeding." 
The correspondence in question contained what would constitute paradigm opinion work 
product with the single caveat that the opinions of each counsel, Epstein's and the United States 
Attorney's were exchanged with each other pursuant to the overall expectation that they were 
safeguarded from disclosure by the policies of confidentiality that protect communications 
during settlement and plea negotiations. The requested communications include the views of 
Epstein's counsel in the criminal case regarding why a federal prosecution was inappropriate, 
why the federal statutes did not fit the alleged offense conduct, why certain of the alleged victims 
were not credible. It also includes Epstein's counsel's views on the limits and inapplicability of 
certain elements of 18 U.S.C. §2255, one of the principal causes of action in the Jane Doe cases. 
This opinion work-product should not be disclosed when it was incorporated into heartland plea 
negotiations that are accorded protection under the federal rules of evidence. It is the disclosure 
of such legal opinions - and not just their admissibility 
that should be protected from a civil 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 12 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 12 
discovery request that lacked any statement as to why this information was even necessary to the 
fair litigation of the civil cases. 
Concomitantly, to the extent that the request is now limited to communications from the 
Govermnent to Epstein, see DE 54, pgs 3 and 8, the narrowed request implicates the same 
concerns for the opinions, the work product, and the expectation of privacy of the United States 
Attorney or Assistant United States Attorney who authored the many letters received by counsel 
for Epstein. As such, to the extent that the Court is considering affirming any part of the 
Magistrate-Judge's opinion allowing request 10 that would result in the required disclosure of 
communications from the Govermnent counsel to Epstein, that notice be provided to the United 
States Attorney so they may intervene to protect their opinion work product, assert their rights to 
confidentiality under FRE 408 and 410, and assert where appropriate their interests in grand jury 
secrecy and in the privacy rights of their witness who in at least one document are identified. 
The defendant requests that if the Court were considering allowing the disclosure of any portion 
of the communications sent by Epstein to the Govermnent which are within the original request 
for production but apparently not plaintiffs latest filing, DE 354, pg 3, the Court first consider 
permitting the defendant to provide a privilege log that would identify specific portions of the 
correspondence that contains the opinion work product of counsel for Epstein and permitting 
leave to seek an order under FRE 502( d) that would protect such communications from 
disclosure to third parties such as requested in this matter. 
If the USAO cannot be compelled to release its investigation(s) and related work-product 
directly due to the protections of Fed. R. Crim. Pro. 6, Epstein cannot be compelled to disclose 
same in violation of his constitutional rights? 
He cannot. Rules 408, and 410 all counsel 
strongly against the discoverability of such documents. 
The court is requested to reverse the 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 13 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 13 
Magistrate-Judge's order as to paragraph 10. Alternatively, the Court is requested to permit a 
privilege log that would be filed by Epstein's counsel - and if they so desire the Government -
particularizing the prejudice to their work product and to the values otherwise protected by FRE 
408 and 410 on a document by document basis. 
Epstein also continues to maintain that the requested correspondence is protected under 
the Fifth Amendment, as it could furnish a link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute him 
for a crime or provide the federal government with information that provides a lead or clue to 
evidence having a tendency to incriminate Epstein. See infra; Hoffman v. United States, 341 
U.S. at 486; United States v. Neff, 315 F.2d at 1239; Blau v. United States, 340 U.S. at 159; and 
SEC v Leach, 156 F.Supp.2d at 494. 
As this court has recognized, the threat of criminal prosecution is real and present as 
Epstein remains under the scrutiny of the USAO, which is explained and/or acknowledged in the 
Court's Orders (DE 242, p.4 and 462, p.2). As this Court knows, Epstein entered into a Non-
Prosecution Agreement ("NPA") with the USAO for the Federal Southern District of Florida . 
However, the NPA does not provide Epstein with any protection from criminal investigation or 
prosecution other than in the Southern District of Florida. As the court has acknowledged in its 
orders ( e.g., DE 462), complaints in these related matters allege that Epstein both resided in and 
allegedly engaged in illegal sexual conduct in districts outside the Southern District of Florida, 
and that he allegedly lured economically disadvantaged girls to homes other than in Palm Beach. 
Thus, the fact that there exists a NP A does not mean that Epstein is free from a reasonable fear of 
future criminal prosecution. In fact, this court acknowledged that "[t]he danger Epstein faces by 
being forced to testify in this case is substantial and real, and not merely trifling or imaginary as 
required." (DE 242, p. 10). 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 14 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 14 
As such, in the event Epstein is required to produce information provided to him by the 
federal government - or provided by Epstein to the Government - that information could provide 
a link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute Epstein of a crime outside the protections of 
the NP A. 
Given the nature of the allegations, to wit, a scheme and plan of sexual misconduct, 
this court should find it entirely reasonable for Epstein to assert his Fifth Amendment privilege 
as to request Number I 0, especially since it is broad enough to encompass information that could 
violate Epstein's Fifth Amendment Privileges. Hubbell, supra. In responding to the request, 
Epstein would be compelled admit that such documents exist, admit that the documents were in 
his possession or control, and further admit that the documents produced were authentic. In 
other words, the very act of production of the category of documents requested would implicitly 
communicate "statements of fact." as well as authenticate the letters as genuine examples of 
communications that include disclosures made by Epstein's attorney i.e., his agent on his behalf, 
see Hubbell, supra; Hoffman, supra. 
The defendant requests that the Court order that the documents in question are protected by 
FRE 408 and 410, that if not they should be subject to a "selective waiver" order under FRE 
502( d) given their inclusion of attorney opinion and fact work product that was only disclosed in 
reasonable expectation they would be solely used to further plea and settlement discussions. o 
the extent this court orders production of any of the requested materials, the information should 
first be produced in camera to determine what portions of the materials should be redacted to 
protect the attorneys' mental impressions and to assist the Court in making further 
determinations as to what information , should be protected by Federal Rules 408, 410, and 502. 
See supra. Again, as set forth in the Reply attached hereto as Exhibit "B", the USAO and the 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 15 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 15 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CVS0 119 
Page No. 15 
Palm Beach State Attorneys' Office should be put on notice that their underlying files are being 
requested by and through backdoor methods. 
(b) 
Plaintiffs' Attorneys Already Have Much Of The Information They Seek 
Pursuant To This Improper Motion Practice And Have No Demonstrable Need For More 
Several depositions have occurred over the last 4 weeks wherein it appears Mr. Edwards 
already has the information he seeks responsive to these requests, which is likely the reason Mr. 
Edwards has not filed any affidavits supporting the specious arguments set forth in Plaintiffs 
Motions. As such, there is no substance or factual representations made by Plaintiff to support 
her argument. Plaintiff is wasting attorney time and judicial resources in her effort to obtain 
what she already has in her possession. For example, at a deposition of Mr. Epstein on February 
17, 2010, the following exchange occurred: 
Mr. Edwards: 
The 87-page Palm Beach Police Department 
incident report where there are numerous underage females 
describing their interaction with Mr. Epstein at his house. I'm 
specifically reading from page 41 related to A.H., who was one of 
the victims he pled guilty to. 
Mr. Pike: 
Is that the same document that you're seeking 
production of, in this same exact case? 
Mr. Edwards: 
I don't know what you're talking about. 
This is something from the state attorneys' file. 
It is clear from Mr. Edwards's response above (attached as Exhibit "C") that he has the 
information from the Palm Beach Police Department and the information from the State 
Attorneys' file. This begs the question - if plaintiff already has the information she seeks, why 
is Plaintiff wasting valuable attorney time and judicial resources to obtain what is already in 
hand? See also Exhibits "D-1" and "D-2" and "E," a copy of the 89-page incident report 
marked as an Exhibit by Plaintiffs counsel at Detective Recarey's deposition as well as certain 
message pads Plaintiff claims was pulled from the residence at 358 Brillo Way. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 16 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 16 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 16 
Moreover, at the deposition of AR on March 15, 2010, the following exchange occurred: 
Mr. Edwards: Well, at some point in time what's been marked as 
defense Exhibit "1", you received a grand jury investigation target 
letter, correct? 
*** 
Mr. Edwards: There's another message from 9/11/05 saying "I 
got a car for," and then the name is blotted out. 
The State 
Attorneys' Office blotted the names of minors out sometimes in 
their file .... 
*** 
Once again, Mr. Edwards' s response above ( attached as Exhibit "F") establishes that he 
has the information from both the Palm Beach Police Department and the State Attorneys' file. 
In fact, as argued infra, Mr. Edwards has certain information from the Palm Beach Police 
Department, which resulted from various alleged "trash pulls" from a residence on Palm Beach 
(e.g., certain notepads). 
Finally, at the deposition of Detective Recarey of the Palm Beach Police Department, on 
March 19, 2010, the following exchange occurred: 
Mr. Kuvin: Okay. And what were the dates of the surveillance? 
Witness: 
[Referencing his Report] It appears she met with 
members of the B.S.F. unit, Burglary Strike Force .... 
*** 
Mr. Kuvin: [Referencing the Report] Ifwe go down to page 40 in 
your report, first let me back up .... 
Mr. Kuvin: Okay. So the chain of custody which we have marked 
as Exhibit 5 shows that all the evidence you had in this case was 
given to the FBI. . . . See Exhibit "G". 
*** 
The undersigned was at Detective Recarey's deposition. Mr. Kuvin and Mr. Edwards 
had copies of various reports and also had copies of various message pads claimed to be "pulled" 
from Epstein's trash by the Palm Beach Police Department. See infra. It is clear from the 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 17 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 17 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 17 
deposition that opposing counsel has the information from the Palm Beach Police Department 
and the State Attorneys' file. See also, infta for additional argument. 
(i) 
Work-Product Palm Beach State Attorneys' File 
Next, as to any information obtained from the State Attorney at any phase (request 
numbers 801 ), the State Attorney has not provided anything to Epstein or his attorneys. While 
the State Attorneys' file was made available for inspection, Jack Goldberger, Epstein's criminal 
lawyer, went over to the State Attorneys' Office and hand selected information from the file for 
copying, including certain witness interviews. See Exhibit "H" Affidavit of Jack Goldberger. 
Accordingly, the information hand selected by Mr. Goldberger falls under the work-product 
doctrine as production of same would reveal Mr. Goldberger's mental impressions, thought 
processes and strategy relative to the defense of Epstein. Smith v. Florida Power & Light 
Company, 632 So.2d 696, 698 (Fla. 3rd DCA 1994)(even if individual documents are not work-
product, "the selection process itself represents defense counsel's mental impressions and legal 
opinions as to how the evidence in the documents relates to the issues and the defenses in the 
litigation"). Id. The information simply falls under the "highly protected category of opinion 
work-product." Id; see also Fla.R.Civ.Pro. 1.280. 
Also, Counsel for Jane Does 2-8 in the Federal companion cases apparently obtained a 
copy of the file retained by the Palm Beach State Attorneys' Office. It is reasonably believed 
that all Plaintiffs' attorneys in this action have extensive materials from the State Attorney and 
the Palm Beach Police Department pursuant to various public records requests. Certainly, Mr. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 18 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 18 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 18 
Edwards is able make such public records requests or can subpoena the requested information, 
neither of which would implicate the work product privilege as outlined above. 
Here, the standard is a showing of a need to obtain the information, and the inability to 
obtain the substantial equivalent without undue hardship. Metric Engineering, Inc. v. Small, 861 
So. 2d 1248, 1250 (Fla. 1st DCA 2003)(To show 'need,' a party must present testimony or 
evidence demonstrating the material requested is critical to the theory of the requestor's case, or 
to some significant aspect of the case); Ashemimry v. Ba Nafa, 847 So.2d 603 (Fla. 5th DCA 
2003). In addition, Florida Rule of Civil Procedure l.280(b)(3), does allow discovery of fact 
work product where the requesting party can show need and the inability to obtain the substantial 
equivalent by other means without undue hardship. Vesta Fire Ins. Corp. v. Figueroa, 821 So.2d 
1233, 1234 (Fla. 5th DCA 2002)(the showing of need and undue hardship necessary to overcome 
the work product immunity must include specific explanations and reasons). 
Again, Mr. 
Edwards fails to submit any affidavit or any other document meeting the above criteria. 
Additionally, this court should consider placing the Palm Beach State Attorney and the 
USAO on Notice that their investigative files are being requested. 
Since Plaintiff seeks 
information given by federal government and the state attorney to Epstein, including 
correspondence, Epstein reincorporates the arguments set out in his initial Rule 4 Appeal as that 
information is within the penumbra of the protections of Federal Rules of Evidence 408 and 410. 
Moreover, despite Plaintiffs contention, Federal Rule of Evidence 410 is applicable because 
negotiations did not end with a federal plea. Furthermore, Federal Rule of Evidence 408 is 
applicable given that 18 U.S.C. 2255 is quasi-civil remedy. Clearly, the information sought by 
Plaintiff has no evidentiary value - given that Plaintiffs have the raw materials and police reports 
and affidavits resulting from state investigation. Accordingly, there is a chance that the Palm 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 19 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 19 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 19 
Beach State Attorney and the USAO may not want to disclose their files for one reason or 
another. 
(ii) 
Third Party Privacy Rights And Judge Jeffrey's Colbath's Order 
The Magistrate's Order does not consider the privacy rights of other alleged victims. As 
this Court knows, attached to the NP A is a list which delineates alleged victims. Once the NP A 
was made public, Judge Colbath, with the agreement of the Palm Beach Post, Brad Edwards, 
Esq. and Spencer Kuvin, Esq. agreed that the "list" would remain private. As such, Request for 
Production Numbers 7, 9 and 10 seeks information that may violate others third-party privacy 
rights in that certain names may be mentioned in correspondence, including those on the "list." 
As noted in Eisenstadt v. Baird, 405 U.S. 438,454, 92 S.Ct. 1029, 1038, at fn. 10 (1972): 
In Stanley, 394 U.S., at 564, 89 S.Ct., at 1247, the Court stated:'(A)lso 
fundamental is the right to be free, except in very limited circumstances, from 
unwanted governmental intrusions into one's privacy." The makers of our 
Constitution undertook to secure conditions favorable to the pursuit of happiness. 
They recognized the significance of man's spiritual nature, of his feelings and of 
his intellect. They knew that only a part of the pain, pleasure and satisfactions of 
life are to be found in material things. They sought to protect Americans in their 
beliefs, their thoughts, their emotions, and their sensations. They conferred, as 
against the Government, the right to be let alone-the most comprehensive of rights 
and the right most valued by civilized man.' [Citations omitted]. 
The fundamental right of privacy is not only guaranteed under by the Fourteenth 
Amendment of the United States Constitution, but also under the Constitution of the State of 
Florida, Art. I, Sect. 23. As summarized by the Florida Supreme Court in Shaktman v. State, 553 
So.2d 148, 150-51 (Fla. 1989): 
The right of privacy, assured to Florida's citizens, demands that individuals be 
free from uninvited observation of or interference in those aspects of their lives 
which fall within the ambit of this zone of privacy unless the intrusion is 
warranted by the necessity of a compelling state interest. In an opinion which 
predated the adoption of section 23, the First District aptly characterized the 
nature of this right. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 20 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 20 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 20 
A fundamental aspect of personhood's integrity is the power to control what we 
shall reveal about our intimate selves, to whom, and for what purpose. 
Bryon, Harless, Schaffer, Reid & Assocs., Inc. v. State ex rel, Schellenberg, 360 
So.2d 83, 92 (Fla. 1st DCA 1978), quashed and remanded on other grounds, 379 
So.2d 633 (Fla.1980). Because this power is exercised in varying degrees by 
differing individuals, the parameters of an individual's privacy can be dictated 
only by that individual. The central concern is the inviolability of one's own 
thought, person, and personal action. The inviolability of that right assures its 
preeminence over "majoritarian sentiment" and thus cannot be universally defined 
by consensus. 
(Emphasis added). 
Clearly, the nature of the question would require Epstein to produce information that may 
identify third parties (including alleged victims), which would necessarily thwart such 
individuals' rights to assert their constitutional right of privacy as guaranteed under the United 
States and Florida Constitutions. See generally Eisenstadt v. Baird, supra at 454-455 (the right 
encompasses privacy in one's sexual matters and is not limited to the marital relationship). The 
Magistrate's Order did not address this issue. 
Federal law provides crime victims with rights similar to those afforded by the Florida 
constitution which includes, but is not limited to, "the right to reasonable, accurate, and timely 
notice of any pubic court ... proceeding involving the crime .... ," "the right not to be excluded 
from any public court proceeding .... ," and "the right to be heard." 15 Fla. Jur.2d Crim.Proc. 
§1839; Fla. Stat. 960.0021. Based upon the foregoing, any alleged victim that may be identified 
in any of the requested information must first be notified, which means that this court must, at 
the very least, conduct an in camera inspection of any and all information to determine which 
alleged victim must be placed on notice that their identity may be revealed or redact their names 
in camera. 
See also Fla. Stat. §794.03, §794.024 and §794.026. 
The right to privacy 
encompasses at least two different kinds of interests, the individual interests of disclosing 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 21 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 21 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 21 
personal matters and the interest in independence in making certain kinds of important decisions. 
Favalora v. Sidaway. 966 So.2d 895 (Fla. 4th DCA 2008). 
Accordingly, based on the facts and circumstances of this case, and under applicable law, 
Defendant's assertion of the protections afforded under the 5th, 6th, and 14th Amendments of the 
United States Constitution are required to be upheld. In addition, this Court must address the 
privacy rights of others as outlined above. 
Request No. 12: 
present. 
c. Jane Doe - Request Numbers 12 and 13 
Personal tax returns for all years from 2002 through the 
Request No. 13: 
A photocopy of your passport, including any supplemental 
pages reflecting travel to locations outside the 50 United States between 2002 and 
2008, including any documents or records regarding plane tickets, hotel receipts, 
or transportation arrangements. 
Response to Request Numbers : Defendant is asserting specific legal objections 
to the production request as well as his U.S. constitutional privileges. I intend to 
produce all relevant documents regarding this lawsuit, however, my attorneys 
have counseled me that at the present time I cannot select, authenticate, and 
produce documents relevant to this lawsuit without waiving my Fifth Amendment 
constitutional rights and I must accept this advice or risk losing my Sixth 
Amendment right to effective representation. Accordingly, I assert my federal 
constitutional rights under the Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments as 
guaranteed by the United States Constitution. Drawing an adverse inference 
under these circumstances wonld unconstitutionally burden my exercise of my 
constitutional rights, would be unreasonable, and would therefore violate the 
Constitution; overly broad. 
As set forth in more detail in DE 282 and 283, which were provided to the court in 
camera and which the court considered in other Rule 4 Appeals, Epstein cannot provide 
answers/responses to questions relating to his financial history and condition without waiving his 
Fifth, Sixth, and Fourteenth Amendments. Asking for Epstein's personal tax returns is financial 
in nature and it is confidential, proprietary and seeks information much of which is neither 
relevant to the subject matter of the pending action nor does it appear to be reasonably calculated 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 22 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 22 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 22 
to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence. Importantly, the Magistrate did not make a 
ruling on relevancy as to the personal tax returns, and the Plaintiff has not met the burden of 
establishing a "compelling need" for the tax returns. 
Producing the specified information, in full, would result in testimonial disclosures that 
would communicate statements of fact and would require Epstein to produce the returns and 
thereby "stipulate" to their genuiness, their existence, his control of the records, and their 
authenticity as his executed tax returns even though his possession of such records are by no 
means a foregone conclusion. Again, the information sought relates to potential federal claims 
violations. See DE 282 and 283, in camera, which the court permitted sua sponte. Production 
would therefore constitute a testimonial admission of the genuineness, the existence, and 
Epstein's control of such records, and thus presents a real and substantial danger of self-
incrimination in this case, in other related cases and as well in areas that could result in criminal 
prosecution. See generally Hoffman v United States, 341 U.S. at 486; United States v. Hubbell, 
530 U.S. at 36 and United States v. Apfelbaum, 445 U.S. at 128. 
The Court's order seems to hone in on the "required records" exception for the 
proposition that, as a matter of law, Epstein's personal tax returns must be produced because 
they are allegedly a mandatory part of a civil regulatory scheme and have assumed some public 
aspect. (DE 462, p.12) However, "required records" are ordinarily records collected by highly 
regulated business (e.g., physicians) wherein the records themselves have assumed public aspects 
which render them analogous to public documents. See In re Dr. John Doe, 97 F.R.D. 640, 641-
643 (S.D.N.Y. 1982). Usually, these documents are known to more than the filer and the agency 
in which the document(s) were filed (i.e., known to other persons of the general public). Id. 
Even though the IRS may have certain returns, they remain confidential under 26 U.S.C. §6103 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 23 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 23 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 23 
from any disclosures and are therefore different than a regulated/public record that can be 
accessed by the public. In Trudeau v. New York State Consumer Protection Bd., 237 F.R.D. 325 
(N.D.N.Y. 2006), the court maintained that "[r]outine discovery of tax returns is not the rule but 
rather the exception." Id. at 331. The Court went on to note that [f]or nearly the past thirty-five 
years, tax returns have been considered 'confidential,' pursuant to 26 U.S.C. §6103." Id. Because 
of the principle of confidentiality, it further noted, "courts in the Second Circuit have found 
personal financial information to be presumptively confidential or cloaked with a qualified 
immunity," and must, therefore, "balance the countervailing policies of liberal discovery set 
forth in the Federal Rules of Civil procedure against maintaining the confidentiality of such 
documents." Id. 
To achieve that balance, courts in the Second Circuit have developed a "more stringent" 
standard than that set forth in the rules. To order disclosure of tax returns, a court must find that 
"the requested tax information is relevant to the subject matter of the action" and that "there is a 
compelling need for this information because the information contained therein is not otherwise 
readily available." Id. The Magistrate's Order makes no such finding in the instant matter. In 
fact, the burden of showing compelling need is on the party seeking discovery, but once a 
compelling need has been found, the party whose tax return information has been requested has 
the burden to "provide alternative sources for this sensitive information. Id. If the requested 
information is available from alternate sources, disclosure should not be compelled. Potential 
alternate sources to which the court pointed were gathering the information through deposition or 
disclosure in an affidavit by the requested party of net worth, wealth, and income. Id. at 331-32. 
See Barton v. Cascade Regional Blood Services, 2007 WL 2288035 (W.D.Wash. 2007)("Tax 
returns are confidential communications between the taxpayer and the government [ citing 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 24 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 24 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 24 
§6103] and although not privileged from discovery there is a recognized policy against 
unnecessary public disclosure ..... The Court finds no compelling need which overcomes this 
recognized policy"). 
Courts have broadly construed these provisions to embody a general 
federal policy against indiscriminate disclosure of tax returns from any source. Federal Sav. & 
Loan Ins. Corp. v. Krueger, 55 F.R.D. 514-15 (N.D. Ill. 1972)("it is the opinion of this court that 
[§6103] reflect[s] a valid public policy against disclosure of income tax returns. This policy is 
grounded in the interest of the government in full disclosure of all the taxpayer's income which 
thereby maximizes revenue. To indiscriminately compel a taxpayer to disclose this information 
merely because he has become a party to a lawsuit would undermine this policy"); see also 
Premium Service Corp. v. Sperry & Hutchinson Co., 511 F.2d 225, 229 (9th Cir. 1975)(would 
have been appropriate for district court to quash subpoena for tax returns based on the "primacy" 
of the "public policy against unnecessary disclosure [ of tax returns] arises from the need, if tax 
laws are to function properly, to encourage taxpayers to file complete and accurate returns"). 
In Pendlebury v. Starbucks Coffee Co., 2005 WL 2105024 at *2 (S.D. Fla. 2005), the 
court agreed that "[i]ncome tax returns are highly sensitive documents" and that courts should be 
reluctant to order disclosure during discovery. Citing, Natural Gas Pipeline Co. of Am. v. 
Energy Gathering, Inc., 2 F.3d 1397, 1411 (5th Cir. 1993); DeMasi v. Weiss, Inc., 669 F.2d 114, 
119-20 (3d Cir. 1982)(noting existence of public policy against disclosure of tax returns); 
Premium Serv. Corp. v. Sperry & Hutchinson Co., 511 F.2d 225,229 (9th Cir. 1975). The court 
in Pendle bury agreed that parties seeking the production of tax returns must demonstrate (1) 
relevance of the tax returns to the subject matter of the dispute and (2) a compelling need for the 
tax returns exists because the information contained therein is not otherwise available. Id. at *2; 
see also Dunkin Donuts, Inc. v. Mary's Donuts, Inc., 2001 WL 34079319 (S.D. Fla. 2001); 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 25 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 25 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 25 
Cooper v. Hallgarten & Co., 34 F.R.D. 482, 483-84 (S.D.N.Y. 1964). Thus, before the Court can 
order production of the requested returns in this matter, the Plaintiff must satisfy the "relevance" 
and "compelling need" standards. The Magistrate's Order fails to address the "relevancy" 
standard and Plaintiff fails to provide same with supporting argument and case law, and the 
Plaintiff fails to delineate any "compelling need" or availability of net worth from other sources 
(e.g., a stipulation as to net worth, which is certainly an alternative means). 
To the extent that 
the Court determines that the tax returns are relevant and that there is a compelling need for at 
least their disclosure of Epstein's wealth for punitive damage purposes, Epstein through his 
attorneys, as per the discussion at the status conference on May 7, 2010, agreed to a confidential 
stipulation that his net worth is in excess of nine figures. Such a stipulation more than satisfies 
any necessity for the disclosure of the tax returns or any additional net worth information. See 
e.g., Myers v. Central Florida Investments, Inc., 592 F.3d 1201 (I Ith Cir. 2010)(reasoning that a 
compensatory award of $103,622.09 and a punitive damage award of $506,847.78 for 5 years of 
sexual harassment and sexual touching was reasonable). Unfortunately, the parties were unable 
to reach a agreement. 
Myers clearly demonstrates that Epstein's offer to agree to a net worth in excess of 
$50,000,00 is reasonable in light of the allegations made by Jane Doe as compared to the 
allegations in Myers. Moreover, allowing such discovery at this juncture goes against the grain 
and the law in that Plaintiff has not made a reasonable showing establishing that she will recover 
on her claims or that if she did such a compensatory damage recovery could possible implicate 
punitive damages in excess of Epstein's offer to stipulate.. Ward v. Estaleiro Itaiai S/A. 541 
F.Supp.2d 1344. 1357 (S.D. Fla. 2008)(The court caunot apply Rule 26 and allow Plaintiff to 
obtain discovery she seeks without any prior showing of a reasonable basis for recovery). See 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 26 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 26 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 26 
also Fed.R.Civ.P. 26(b)(l) and Fla. Stat. 768.72; Gallina v. Commerce And Industry, Ins., 2008 
WL 3895918 (S.D. Fla. 2009)(unless liability for punitive damages is established at trial, the 
discovery sought is not relevant). 
In Gallina, the court held that in light of the proprietary of the financial worth information 
sought, and the statutory protections against discovery of such information, it was recommended 
that the court defer financial discovery until it is deemed necessary and that production of such 
financial information not occur until the ". . . final pretrial conference ... or when it becomes 
apparent that punitive damages can be awarded." Id. at *5. Since bifurcation is required in the 
instant matter, W.R. Grace & Company v. Waters, 638 So.2d 502 (Fla. 1994), it is reasonable 
and consistent with the applicable law, that any tax returns not be produced until such time as it 
becomes apparent at the first stage of the trial that punitive damages will be an issue. 
To the extent this court orders production of tax returns and to the extent Epstein's 
personal tax returns contain such information, same should be redacted and subject to heightened 
confidentiality order pursuant to the court's previous orders. However, this can only be done 
subsequent to an in camera hearing wherein this court can make a ruling on relevancy, 
production, redaction and confidentiality; but only after the Plaintiff shows a compelling need. 
In addition, for the reasons outlined herein including, but not limited to, the discovery abuses and 
bad faith litigation tactics that Epstein has been the subject of at the hands of Scott Rothstein and 
his-co-conspirators, any tax returns must be redacted to preserve confidently and to prevent 
further abuses. See supra. 
Further, Epstein's complicated business transactions have no relevancy to this lawsuit 
and, therefore, evidence of same should not be produced. The Fifth Amendment is a safe harbor 
for all citizens, including those who are innocent of any underlying offense. This request, if 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 27 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 27 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 27 
answered, may result in compelled production and/or testimonial communications from Epstein 
regarding his financial status and history and would require him to waive his right to decline to 
respond to other inquiries related to the same subject matter. 
Responding to this and other 
related inquiries would have the potential to provide a link in a chain of information and/or leads 
to other evidence or witnesses that would have the specific risk of furthering an investigation 
against him and therefore are protected from compulsion by Epstein's constitutional privilege. 
Accordingly, any compelled testimony that provides a "lead or clue to a source of 
evidence of such [a] crime" is protected by Fifth Amendment. SEC v Leach, 156 F.Supp.2d at 
494. Questions seeking "testimony" regarding names of witnesses, leads to phone or travel 
records, or financial records that would provide leads to tax or money laundering or unlicensed 
money transmittal investigations are protected. See also Hoffman v United States, 341 U.S. 479, 
486 (195l)("the right against self-incrimination may be invoked if the answer would furnish a 
link in the chain of evidence needed to prosecute for a crime"). 
Based upon the above admissions, it is clear that Plaintiff now seeks information that 
may provide a link in the chain of evidence used to prosecute Epstein including, but not limited 
to the significant fact that target letters and subpoenas were issued relating to certain financial 
offenses. See M·, DEs 282 and 283 submitted in camera and U.S. v. Zolin, 491 U.S. 554 
( 1989)( disclosing materials to the district court does not have the legal effect of terminating a 
privilege thereby allowing parties to disclose documents in camera and make that in camera 
request - which request is made in the instant Rule 4 Appeal for which Defendant is awaiting the 
court's response). As a result, DEs 282 and 283 (in camera) and other related Orders must be 
analyzed to reach the correct legal conclusion. The court must be cognizant of the allegations in 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 28 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 28 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 28 
the related cases regarding sexual misconduct with and abuse, exploitation, and sexual battery of 
alleged minors. For example: 
In this and the other civil actions, the Plaintiffs reference federal and state 
criminal statutes in an attempt to allege claims ranging from sexual battery to 
intentional infliction of emotional distress, to a violation of 18 U.S.C. 2422, 
Chapter 117 - "Transportation for Illegal Sexual Activity and Related Crimes," to 
a cause of action pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255 - which creates a civil remedy for 
personal injuries where a plaintiff can show a violation of specified criminal 
statutes. 
Most importantly, the lynchpin for the exercise of federal criminal 
jurisdiction under 18 U.S.C. 2422(b) is the use of "any facility or means of 
interstate or foreign commerce". Thus, facially, an essential condition of any 
allegation of this statutory offense is the use of a facility of interstate commerce 
during which use there was persuasion, inducement, enticing, or coercing of an 
underage person to engage in prostitution or sexual activity. 
As more fully 
discussed, infra, contested request numbers 12 asks that Epstein to make a 
testimonial disclosure of information regarding the availability to him of such 
interstate facilities (e.g., the tax returns could list assets such as planes) and thus 
would constitute a link in the chain of evidence that could potentially expose him 
to the hazards of self-incrimination as to 18 U.S.C. 2423(b) violations. Likewise, 
other Jane Does have contended that they are entitled to 18 U.S.C. 2255 damages 
based on Epstein's violation of 18 U.S.C. 2423(b) a separate federal criminal 
statute that prohibits "a person who travels in interstate commerce or travels into 
the United States ... for the purpose of engaging in illicit sexual activity". As more 
fully discussed, infra, contested request number 13, by seeking testimonial 
disclosures regarding Epstein's passport and dates Epstein traveled to and from 
the State of Florida, would constitute a link in the chain of evidence that could 
potentially expose him to the hazards of self-incrimination as to 18 U.S.C. 
2423(b) violations. 
Both 18 U.S.C. 2422(b) and 18 U.S.C. 2423(b) were amongst the target offenses 
of a joint FBI-United States Attorney investigation further demonstrating the 
extent to which Epstein's refusal to respond to each request is, as required, based 
on a specific apprehension of a compelled disclosure providing a link in the chain 
of evidence adverse to him as required by Hoffman v United States, 341 US 479, 
486 (1951). Epstein, in fact, can den; the occurrence of the assaults alleged and 
still maintain the safe harbor of the 5 Amendment.2 See Ohio v. Reiner, 532 U.S. 
17(1991). 
See DeLisi v. Bankers Ins. Company. 436 So.2d 1099 (Fla. 4th DCA 1983); Malloy v. Hogan, 84 S.Ct. 1489, 1495 
(1964)(the Fifth Amendment's Self-Incrimination Clause applies to the states through the Due Process Clause of the 
Fourteenth Amendment - "[i]t would be incongruous to have different standards determine the validity of a claim of 
privilege based on the same feared prosecution, depending on whether the claim was asserted in state or federal 
court."); 5 Fed.Prac. & Proc. Civ. 3d § 1280 Effect of Failure to Deny- Privilege Against Self-Incrimination 
(" ... court must treat the defendant's claim of privilege as equivalent to a specific denial."). See also 24 Fla.Jur.2d 
Evidence §592. Defendants in civil actions. - " ... a civil defendant who raises an affirmative defense is not 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 29 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 29 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 29 
Plaintiffs also allege that Epstein had a plan and scheme (which) reflected a 
particular pattern and method" in the alleged recruiting of girl's to come to 
Epstein's Palm Beach mansion and give him "massages" in exchange for money. 
Plaintiffs also allege that Epstein "sexually assaulted" them, and that Epstein 
"maintains his principal home in New York and also owns residences in New 
Mexico, St. Thomas and Palm Beach, FL." 
They further allege "Upon 
information and belief, Jeffrey Epstein carried out his scheme and assaulted girls 
in Florida, New York and on his private island, known as Little St. James, in St. 
Thomas." The nature of the allegations are serious, and state clearly that the 
alleged assaults occurred in Florida, New York and in St. Thomas. See e.g., 
Second Amended Complaints of Jane Does 2-8. and DE 485, p.18. 
As this Court knows, Epstein entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement ("NPA") 
with United States Attorney's Office for the Federal Southern District of Florida. 
The terms and conditions of the NP A also entailed Epstein entering into a Plea 
Agreement with the State Attorney's Office, Palm Beach County, State of Florida. 
By its terms, the NPA took effect on June 30, 2008. As well, pursuant to the 
NP A, any criminal prosecution against Epstein is deferred as long as the terms 
and conditions of tl1e NPA are fulfilled by Epstein. The federal grand jury 
investigation against Epstein is held in abeyance i.e. it is not concluded with 
finality until the NPA expires by its terms in late 2010 and as long as the USAO 
determines that Epstein has complied with those terms and conditions. The threat 
of criminal prosecution against Epstein by fue USAO continues presently and 
through late 2010. The USAO possesses the right to declare that the agreement 
has been breached, give Epstein's counsel notice, and attempt to move forward 
with the prosecution. Moreover, fue NP A does not provide Epstein with any 
protection from criminal investigation or prosecution in any federal district other 
than the Southern District of Florida. The Second Amended Complaints and 
Plaintiff Response at DE 485, p.18 include averments that Epstein both resided in 
and engaged in illegal sexual conduct in districts outside the Southern District of 
Florida. In other words, the fact that there exists a NP A does not mean that 
Epstein is free from future criminal prosecution, which the Magistrate Judge's 
Order also acknowledged. (DE 242, p.4) In fact, the Order acknowledged that 
"[t]he danger Epstein faces by being forced to testify in fuis case is substantial and 
real, and not merely trifling or imaginary as required." (DE 242, p. 10). For the 
reasons set forth in Epstein's Rule 4 Appeal and herein, that same ruling should 
be reached relative to Request Numbers 12 and 13 given the close nexus between 
the information requested and the pivotal jurisdictional requisites of 18 U.S.C. 
2423(b)(the requirement of interstate travel i.e. travel from one of Epstein's out of 
state residences to Florida or from Florida to one of such residences. 
precluded from asserting the privilege [against self-incrimination], because affirmative defenses do not constitute 
the kind of voluntary application for affirmative relief' which would prevent a plaintiff bringing a claim seeking 
affirmative relief from asserting the privilege. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 30 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 30 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CVS0 119 
Page No. 30 
Accordingly, it is clear that Plaintiff and her counsel seek this information not to further 
their civil case, but to gain information to aid in the future prosecution of Epstein in direct 
violation of his Fifth Amendment rights. In fact, the Mermelstein and Horowitz firm was quoted 
in the Palm Beach Post stating, among other things, that the book sold to undercover agents 
could open the door to future prosecution of Epstein. As such, Plaintiffs' counsels' intention is 
clear - to use the civil discovery process to attempt to further prosecute Epstein. 
See 
http://jessicaarbour.blogspot.com/2010/03/horowitz-discusses-possibility-of.html. 
Moreover, 
Mr. Edwards himself admitted at his own deposition to repeated disclosures to a variety of media 
outlets including, but not limited to, the NY Post and Vanity Fair. Accordingly, Epstein's 5
th 
Amendment rights in this regard should be sustained. 
Furthermore, as set forth in a Civil Complaint attached hereto as Exhibit "I" attorney 
Scott Rothstein aided by other lawyers and employees at the firm of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, and 
Adler, P.A., deliberately engaged in a pattern of racketeering that involved a staggering series of 
gravely serious obstructions of justice, actionable frauds, and the orchestration and conducting of 
egregious civil litigation abuses that resulted in profoundly serious injury to Jeffrey Epstein, 
including substantial attorneys' fees and costs. In short, Rothstein and his co-conspirators forged 
Federal court orders and opinions and, among other things, staged a series of depositions that 
were unrelated to any principled litigation purpose but instead designed to discover extraneous 
private information about Epstein or his personal and business associates (including well-known 
public figures) in order to defraud investors and support extortionate demands for payment from 
Epstein. The misconduct featured the filing of legal motions and the pursuit of a civil litigation 
strategy that was unrelated to the merits or value of their clients' cases and, instead, had as its 
improper purpose the furthering of Rothstein's misrepresentations and deceit to third-party 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 31 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 31 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 31 
investors. As a result, Epstein was subject to abusive investigatory tactics, unprincipled media 
attacks, and unsupportable legal filings and discovery abuses. 
Since Plaintiffs counsel is 
formerly of RRA and due to the fact that certain information may contain the names of third-
parties, that information (should this court order production of same after an in camera 
inspection) must be redacted to secure the names of unsuspecting third-parties. Moreover, 
Michael Fisten (formerly an employee of RRA and now an employee/independent contractor of 
Mr. Edwards' firm) acted, upon information and belief, as a broker or middleman who staged 
regular meetings during which false statements were made about the number of cases/clients that 
existed or RRA had against Epstein. For this reason alone, such information should be redacted 
in order to protect those unsuspecting third parties. 
(i) Request Number 13 
As to Request Number 13, Defendant provided this court with sufficient argument at DE 
282 and DE 283 detailing why the production of information showing Epstein's whereabouts 
could provide a link in the chain of evidence regarding: (a) Epstein's air travel within the United 
States and Foreign Territories; (b) Epstein's communications with others relating to or referring 
to females coming into the United States from other countries; and (c) Epstein's personal 
calendars and schedules. Given that the essential proof of an allegation of 18 U.S.C. 2423(b) 
would include travel records, schedules regarding trips and locations, flight records, calendars, 
and transportation arrangements, the court found that Epstein had made a more particularized 
showing because producing such information "could reveal the availability to him and/or use by 
him of interstate facilities and thus would constitute a link in the chain of evidence that could 
potentially expose [Epstein] to the dangers of self incrimination." (DE 293, p.6) See infra, 
regarding private aircraft. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 32 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 32 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 32 
The Magistrate's Order (DE 462) provides that Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege 
does not extend to his passport because its existence is known to the government or is a 
"foregone conclusion." Id. at p. 11. First, the magistrate's order presupposes that Epstein has all 
his passports from 2002 up through to the current date and that the government has an exact copy 
of same. Second, the Order presupposes that U.S. Customs and Border Patrol ("CPB") keeps a 
record and/or has maintained records of Epstein's travel and whereabouts from 2002 up through 
to the current date. Third, assuming Epstein traveled internationally, the Order presupposes that 
the CPB has records of all of Epstein's destinations and that other countries have shared that 
information with the CBP. In short, the order would require Epstein to produce documents that 
he may or may not have 8 years of passport information thus requiring him to "admit" to the 
genuiness and possession of the documents produced. 
For instance, CBP now offers "Global Entry" to enter the United States by kiosk. 
However, it is unclear whether the Global Entry kiosk records and copies the pages of a 
traveler's destinations outside of the United States, or does it simply record exit from and entry 
back into the United States?3 Moreover, it is unclear whether CBP maintains the Sample 
Customs Declaration Form for any period of time, which form sets out (i.e., if filled out) the 
countries visited by a traveler. 4 This Court cannot Compel Epstein to produce information in 
violation of his Fifth Amendment by simply stating that Epstein's passport is "known to the 
government" or is a "forgone conclusion." In fact, from the websites listed herein, any CBP 
documents or forms filled out by a traveler take on a complete different form when compared to 
an original passport, which is initially issued with blank pages. This Court would be hard-
See M·, http://www.customs.gov/xp/cgov/travel/trusted traveler/global entry/ 
See !2,g., http://www.customs.gov/xp/cgov/travel/vacation/sample declaration form.xml 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 33 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 33 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 33 
pressed to find that the CBP has an exact copy of every page of every traveler's passport. 
Obviously, this would create more document management than CBP anticipates on its website. 
Moreover, pursuant to 19 C.F .R. § 122.2, pilots of private aircraft are required to 
electronically transmit passenger and crew manifest information for all flights arriving into 
and/or departing out of the United States. As this court knows, Mr. Edwards has conducted 
extensive discovery, has questioned individuals as to whether Epstein owns private aircraft and 
has obtained certain flight manifests. Arguably, if such a procedure were followed in Epstein's 
case pursuant to 19 C.F.R. §122.2, then Epstein's passport would arguably take on a 
substantially different form when compared to the information maintained by the CBP (i.e., 
information that was electronically transferred). Under that circumstance, CBP would not have 
an exact copy of Epstein's passports. Accordingly, the assumptions made in the Magistrate's 
Order have serious Fifth Amendment implications in that the exact information sought is not 
"known to the government" and is not a "forgone conclusion" in that the government is not 
likely to have an exact copy of Epstein's passports. 
Again, Plaintiffs request for Epstein's passport "reflecting travel to locations outside the 
United States between 2002 and 2008, is no different from the requests this Court has already 
ruled upon and sustained Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege in response thereto. (DE 292). 
In summary, this court reasoned that: 
"[i)n this and the other civil actions, Plaintiffs allege that Epstein violated certain 
federal and state criminal statutes in an attempt to make claims against Epstein 
ranging from sexual battery to intentional infliction of emotional distress. The 
lynchpin for the exercise of federal criminal jurisdiction under 18 U.S.C. 
§2422(b ), which figures in some of the complaints filed, is 'the use of ru1y facility 
or means of interstate or foreign commerce' and the analogous essential element 
of 18 U.S.C. §2423(b), which also figures in some of the Complaints, is 'travel[s) 
in interstate commerce or travels into the United States or ... travels in foreign 
commerce.' Accordingly, requiring Epstein to provide responses ... would in 
essence be compelling him to provide assertions of fact, thereby admitting that 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 34 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 34 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 34 
such documents existed and further admitting that the documents 
111 his 
possession or control were authentic. 
As such, if you believe Plaintiffs footnote 4 at (DE 210), responding to this request 
could very well implicate Epstein's Fifth Amendment privilege. The allegations of Epstein's use 
of interstate commerce and travel and any compelled production is clearly a violation of 
Epstein's Fifth Amendment rights.5 Based upon the arguments set forth in DE 283 (which is 
incorporated herein), this Court sustained Epstein's Fifth Amendment Privilege. That same 
ruling should apply here. (DE 293). If not, this court may be requiring Epstein to produce a log 
of his travels, which this Court already sustained under the Fifth Amendment. 
Plaintiff must also show that the requested information is relevant to the disputed issues of 
the underlying action. See Young Circle Garage, LLC. v. Koppel, 916 So. 2d 22 (Fla. 4th DCA 
2005); see also Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States v. Daisy Worldwide, Inc., 
702 So. 2d 263 (Fla. 3d DCA 1997). Plaintiff has failed to meet this burden and, in doing so, has 
also failed to show any substantial need for the documents. 
IV. 
Jane Does 2-8 - Request Number 1 
As to Request number one of Jane Doe 2-8s' request for production, it provides: 
Request No. 1: 
All Federal and State income tax returns, including all W-2 
forms, 1099 forms and schedules, for tax years 2003-2008. 
Accordingly, for the same reasons expressed herein relative to Jane Doe's request for tax 
records, same should be denied. Epstein adopts and reincorporates the arguments set out above 
and the relief requested herein relative to Jane Doe's request for tax returns as if same was fully 
set forth in this section. 
Wherefore, Epstein respectfully requests that this Court issue and order: 
Once again, a ruling on these issues cannot be made in a vacuum. This court must, as it has done in the past, 
consider the other related cases and the allegations made therein when considering whether a response to a particular 
discovery requests would implicate Epstein's Fifth Amendment rights. See DEs 242, 283 and 462. 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 35 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 35 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 35 
a. 
granting the relief requested above as to Jane Doe and Jane Does 2-8; 
b. 
finding that the danger Epstein faces by being forced to testify in these 
cases relative to the above requests is substantial and real, and not merely trifling or 
imaginary; 
c. 
sustaining Epstein's Fifth Amendment Privilege as it relates to the above 
requests and denying Plaintiffs' Motions in that regard; 
d. 
reversing the Magistrate's Order (DE 462,480 and 513) relative to 
Request Numbers 7, 9, 10, 12 and 13 (Jane Doe) and Request Number 1 (Jane Does 2-8) and 
entering an amended order sustaining Epstein's objections to the Magistrate's Order as to those 
specific requests and not requiring him to produce information relative to same; 
e. 
sustaining Epstein's arguments as stated above and ordering that FRE 
Sections 408, 410 and 502 provide substantive reasoning to sustain Epstein's arguments 
relative to requests numbers 7, 9 and 10 including, but not limited to, the entering of an 
order as provided for under FRE 502( d), denying the requests as irrelevant and as barred 
by Fed. R. Evid. 408 and 410 and issuing a selective waiver order under Fed. R. Evid. 
502( d) thereby applying the selective waiver provision of Rule 502( d) to the information 
exchanged between Epstein's attorneys, the USAO and the State Attorney during the 
criminal stage of said proceedings. Alternatively, and only to the extent this court orders 
production of any information, this court should put the USAO and the State Attorney on 
notice before any disclosure to give each entity an opportunity to raise objections to 
protect their work-product and attorney-mental impressions and to allow Epstein and the 
USAO the opportunity to submit objections and a privilege log outlining why the content 
of the documents sought have no relevance and should be barred from production under 
Fed. R. Evid. 408, 410 and 502( d). This should occur only after an in camera hearing, 
after this court determines what portions of the requested documents should be redacted 
as privileged and only after this court ensures that each and every document produced is 
the subject of a heightened-confidentiality order where disclosure will result in the 
disclosing party being held in contempt of court; 
f. 
likewise, if this court rules that any of the information requested herein 
should be produced (e.g., Requests Numbers 12 and 13 (tax returns and passport - Jane 
Doe) and Request Number 1 (tax returns-Jane Doe 2-8)), it shall only do so after an in 
camera hearing allowing the documents to be reviewed and placed on a privilege log 
outlining why the content of those documents have no relevance and establishing why the 
danger of disclosure is more prejudicial than probative, and after this court determines 
what portions of the requested documents should be redacted as privileged including, but 
not limited to, what portions of the tax returns should be redacted due to the 
confidentiality interests relative to detailed information and financial tax data which was 
provided to the IRS within the context of the protections of26 U.S.C. 6103. Again, the 
foregoing should only occur after this court ensures that each and every document 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 36 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 36 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 36 
produced is the subject of a heightened-confidentiality order where disclosure will result 
in the disclosing party being held in contempt of court; 
g. 
accepting the offered stipulation of net worth as identified above in lieu of 
any net worth discovery being produced; and 
h. 
for such other and further relief as this Court deems just and proper. 
Respe 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following Service List in the manner specified by 
CM/ECF on thislZ day of April, 2010. 
Respectfully submitted, 
By I.Jlf,tE 
ROBERT '.cR.rfTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
rcrit@bclclaw.com 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
mpike@bclclaw.com 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN 
515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/515-3148 Fax 
( Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein) 
Certificate of Service 
Jane Doe No. 2 v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Case No. 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 545    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/12/2010   Page 37 of 37
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-12   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 37 of
Doe v. Epstein 08-CV80119 
Page No. 37 
Stuart S. Mermelstein, Esq. 
Adam D. Horowitz, Esq. 
Mermelstein & Horowitz, P.A. 
18205 Biscayne Boulevard 
Suite 2218 
Miami, FL 33160 
305-931-2200 
Fax: 305-931-0877 
ssm@sexabuseattorney.com 
ahorowitz(alsexabuseattorney.com 
Counsel for Plaintiffs 
In related Cases Nos. 08-80069, 08-801 J9, 08-
80232, 08-8038~ 08-80381, 08-80993, 08-
80994 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian A venue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
Fax: 561-835-8691 
jagesq(i:llbeilsouth.net 
Counsel for £?.efendant Jeffrey Estein 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos & 
Lehrman,PL 
425 N. Andrews Avenue 
Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-524-2820 
Fax: 954-524-2822 
brad(alpathtoiustice.com 
Counsel for Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-
80893, ., 
t 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hae Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
cassel.lp@law.utah.edu 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe 
Isidro M. Garcia, Esq. 
Garcia Law Firm, P.A. 
224 Datura Street, Suite 900 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561-832-7732 
561-832-7137 F 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Counselfor·Plaintiff in Related Case No. 08-
, 
80469 
• 
Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq. 
Katherine W. Ezell, Esq. 
Podhurst Orseck, P.A. 
West Flagler Street, Suite 800 
Miami, FL 33130 
305 358-2800 
Fax: 305 358-2382 
riosefaberg@podhurst.com 
kezell@podhurst.com 
Counsel for Plaintiffs in Related Case 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-12.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-13.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-13.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE,   
CASE NO.  08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
_________________________________/ 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381,  
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
__________________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE’S PROTECTIVE RESPONSE TO DEFENDANT’S MOTION 
FOR RECONSIDERATION AND/OR REQUEST FOR RULE 4 REVIEW AND APPEAL 
Plaintiff, Jane Doe, hereby files this protective response to Defendant’s 
Consolidated Rule 4 Review and Appeal of Portions of the Magistrate’s Orders Dated 
February 4, 2010 (DE 462), (DE 480) and April 1, 2010 (DE 513), with Incorporated 
Objections and Memorandum of Law (doc. #454).   
Jane Doe had understood that she had fully briefed the issues raised by the 
defendant’s pleading when on March10, 2010, she filed her response in Opposition to 
Defendant’s Motion for Reconsideration (doc. #485).   It appears, however, the 
defendant Epstein may view his “consolidated” appeal as requiring some sort of new 
response from Jane Doe.  If so, Jane Doe wishes to make clear that she continues to 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 551    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/27/2010   Page 1 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-13   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 4

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
assert the responses she raised in her earlier response and hereby files this protective 
response incorporating by reference all of her earlier arguments. 
Jane Doe would also note she filed her request for these documents on July 20, 
2009.  Through a seemingly endless series of motions, all of which have been rejected 
on the merits, Epstein has blocked turning over tax returns and other documents that 
the Government has already seen on Fifth Amendment grounds for more than ten 
months.  Jane Doe’s trial date is less than two months away on July 19, 2010, and she 
needs the requested items soon to prepare for trial.   
Jane Doe attempted to negotiate a resolution to these issues with counsel for 
Epstein, but the negotiations failed. 
Jane Doe therefore respectfully requests that the Court promptly order 
production of these documents to her. 
DATED: May 27, 2010 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
and 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 551    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/27/2010   Page 2 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-13   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 4

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice  
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on May 27, 2010 I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the 
manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to 
receive electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards                      
Bradley J. Edwards 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Jgoldberger@agwpa.com 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcritton@bclclaw.com 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Jack Patrick Hill 
iph@searcylaw.com 
Katherine Warthen Ezell 
KEzell@podhurst.com 
Michael James Pike 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 551    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/27/2010   Page 3 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-13   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 4

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
MPike@bclclaw.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Richard Horace Willits 
lawyerswillits@aol.com 
Robert C. Josefsberg 
rjosefsberg@podhurst.com 
Adam D. Horowitz 
ahorowitz@sexabuseattorney.com 
Stuart S. Mermelstein 
ssm@sexabuseattorney.com 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 551    Entered on FLSD Docket 05/27/2010   Page 4 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-13   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 4


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-13.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-14.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-14.pdf
----------------------------------------
 The portion of the appeal pertaining to Jane Does 2-8 was withdrawn pursuant to the
Joint Notice of Withdrawal as to Jane Does 2-8 (DE 561).
 Plaintiff’s response relies upon the arguments presented in Plaintiff’s brief opposing
reconsideration before the magistrate judge (DE 485).
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT  
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA  
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON  
JANE DOE NO. 2,     
 Plaintiff, 
vs.  
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,   
Defendant. 
____________________________________/  
Related cases:
08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381, 08-80994,
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469,
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092
____________________________________/  
ORDER AFFIRMING MAGISTRATE JUDGE JOHNSON’S DISCOVERY ORDERS
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Defendant’s Consolidated Rule 4 Review and
Appeal of Portions of the Magistrate’s Orders Dated February 4, 2010 (DE 462), (DE 480) and
April 1, 2010 (DE 513), with Incorporated Objections and Memorandum of Law  (DE 545), filed
May 12, 2010.   Plaintiff filed a response in opposition on May 27, 2010 (DE 551)  and
Defendant filed a reply on June 14, 2010 (DE 567).  The Court has conducted a review of the
motion, response, reply, the pertinent portions of the record, and is otherwise fully advised in the
premises.
Under Fed. R. Civ. P. 72(a), a district court reviewing a magistrate judge’s order shall
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 572    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/25/2010   Page 1 of 3
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-14   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 3

  As the Court previously stated, it did not consider in Defendant’s appeal any legal
arguments which were not previously provided to Judge Johnson in the discovery motions and
motion for reconsideration being appealed.  See DE 532.
only modify or set aside the order if it is “found to be clearly erroneous or contrary to law.” See
also 28 U.S.C. § 636(b)(1)(A); Local Magistrate Judge Rule 4(a)(1). An order is clearly
erroneous if “the reviewing court, after assessing the evidence in its entirety, is left with a
definite and firm conviction that a mistake has been committed.” Krys  v. Lufthansa German
Airlines, 119 F.3d 1515, 1523 (11th Cir. 1997). See also United States v .United States Gypsum
Co., 333 U.S. 364, 395 (1948) (explaining generally “[a] finding is‘clearly erroneous’ when
although there is evidence to support it, the reviewing court on the entire evidence is left with the
definite and firm conviction that a mistake has been committed”). The mere fact that a reviewing
court might have decided the issue differently is not sufficient to overturn a decision when there
are two permissible views of the issue. Georgia State Conference of Branches of NAACP v.
Georgia, 775 F.2d 1403, 1416 (11th Cir. 1985).
After careful review of the Magistrate’s Orders, Defendant’s appeal, the response, and the
reply, the Court finds that the Magistrate’s Orders were not clearly erroneous or contrary to law.  
Accordingly, it is hereby ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Defendant’s Consolidated Rule 4
Review and Appeal is DENIED, as follows:
Defendant shall produce the documents compelled by Judge Johnson’s Orders within
three (3) business days from the date of this Order. See DE 468.  Before turning the documents
over to Plaintiff, defense counsel shall redact from those documents the identification of any 
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 572    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/25/2010   Page 2 of 3
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-14   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 3

  Plaintiff may disclose this information to an expert witness retained to testify at trial,
but only on condition that the expert will agree to retain the confidentiality of the information
and not disclose it to any third parties without the agreement of Defendant or further order of the
Court.
minor sexual assault victims.  Additionally, Plaintiff shall not disclose Defendant’s tax returns or
passport to any third parties without Defendant’s consent or further order of the Court.   Finally,
this Order is without prejudice to any future motion by Defendant to exclude any of the
information produced pursuant to this order at trial.  
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, 
Florida, this 25  day of June, 2010.
th
______________________________________
KENNETH A.  MARRA
United States District Judge
Copies to: 
all counsel of record
Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM   Document 572    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/25/2010   Page 3 of 3
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-14   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 3


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-14.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-15.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-15.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 170    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/28/2010   Page 1 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 4
JANE DOE NO. 2, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
--------------~/ 
Related cases: 
08-80232, 08-08380, 08-80381, 08-80994, 
08-80993, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591,09-80656,09-80802,09-81092 
I 
---------------
EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER AND/OR REQUEST FOR ORDER 
OF CONFIDENTIALITY REGARDING THE PRODUCTION OF THE 
INFORMATION OUTLINED IN THE ORDERS AT DE 462 AND DE 572 AND 
INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN ("Epstein"), pursuant to Rule 26(c), Federal Rules of 
Civil Procedure, moves for a protective order and for the entry of an order of confidentiality 
relative to the information ordered to be produced pursuant to DE 462 and 572, and states: 
1. 
On February 4, 2010, this Court entered an order (DE 462) requiring that Epstein 
produce his tax returns, passport and certain information provided to him by the federal 
government during certain criminal proceedings 
2. 
After Motions for Reconsideration and Rule 4 Appeal/Responses were fully 
briefed, this court entered its order at DE 572 requiring that Jeffrey Epstein produce his tax 
returns, his passport and the information the federal government gave to Epstein's lawyers 
during said criminal proceedings. See DEs 462 and 572. The Order requires that Epstein, 

Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 170    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/28/2010   Page 2 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 4
through his counsel, comply within 3 days (i.e., by June 30, 2010). As such, this motion must be 
respectfully addressed before June 30, 2010. 
3. 
As part of that order at DE 572, this court ruled that " ... Plaintiff shall not disclose 
Defendant's tax returns to any third parties without Defendant's consent and/or further court 
order. .. [and] Plaintiff may disclose this information to an expert witness retained to testify at 
trial, but only on condition that the expert will agree to retain the confidentiality of the 
information and not disclose it to any third parties without the agreement of defendant or further 
order of the Court." The order went on to state that it " ... is without prejudice to any future 
motion by defendant to exclude any of the information produced pursuant to this order at trial." 
4. 
As to the information given to Epstein's lawyers by the federal government as 
outlined in DE 462, the court did not address in DE 572 any order of confidentiality. 
5. 
As a result of the foregoing, and consistent with DE 572 related to tax returns and 
passport, Epstein hereby requests that this court enter an order: 
a. limiting Mr. Edwards and Jane Doe's use of the information given to Epstein's 
lawyers by the federal government only to this litigation; 
b. ordering that the information not be disclosed to any third parties without the 
consent of the Defendant or further order of this court, which includes news and 
television media; 
c. requiring, as it did relative to the tax returns and the passport, that any expert that 
receives the information given to Epstein's lawyers by the federal government 
must be one retained to testify at trial and shall only receive said information on 
condition that the expert will agree to retain the confidentiality of the information 

Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 170    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/28/2010   Page 3 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 4
and not disclose it to any third parties without the agreement of defendant or 
further order of the Court; 
d. that the information given to Epstein's lawyers by the federal government be 
returned to Epstein's lawyers at the conclusion of this trial; 
e. that failure to follow the court's directives set forth in said order shall result in 
contempt of court; and 
f. 
for such other and further relief as this court deems just and proper. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, requests the Court enter a protective 
order and confidentiality order incorporating the terms set forth in paragraph 5a-f and grant any 
additional relief the Court deems just and proper. 
Local Rule 7.1 Statement 
Pursuant to the above rule, the undersigned counsel and Plaintiffs counsel have 
conferred and were unable to reach an agreement. 
Isl Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
, M 
Robert D. Critton, Attorney for 
Defendant Epstein 
Certificate of Service 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day "" ,n oooose\ of reoonl 1-,,d oo the foHowiog =loo list io fue ™"& spocy:: 
transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF on this Jj_day of 
, 
2010: 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos 
& Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave. 
Suite #2 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian A venue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 

Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 170    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/28/2010   Page 4 of 4
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-15   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 4
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-524-2820 
Fax: 954-524-2822 
Brad@pathtojustice.com 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hae Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
cassellp(q),!aw.utah.edu 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff 
561-659-8300 
561-835-8691 Fax 
jagesg@bellsouth.net 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: Isl Robert D. Critton, Jr. R 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ESQ. 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
rcrit@bclclaw.com 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
mpike@bclclaw.com 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN, LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/243-0164 Fax 
( Co-Counsel for 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-15.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-16.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-16.pdf
----------------------------------------
06/16/2010) 
06/25/2010 
165   Defendant's MOTION to Bifurcate Plaintiff's Punitive Damages Claims, 
Rule 42(b), Fed.R.Civ.P., and Supporting Memorandum of Law by Jeffrey 
Epstein. Responses due by 7/12/2010 (Pike, Michael) (Entered: 
06/25/2010) 
06/25/2010 
166   NOTICE by Jeffrey Epstein re 165 Defendant's MOTION to Bifurcate 
Plaintiff's Punitive Damages Claims, Rule 42(b), Fed.R.Civ.P., and 
Supporting Memorandum of Law Notice of Filing Local Rule 7.1 
Compliance (Pike, Michael) (Entered: 06/25/2010) 
06/25/2010 
167   Defendant's MOTION for Leave to File Excess Pages in Motion in Limine 
to Exclude Similar Fact Evidence by Jeffrey Epstein. (Attachments: # 1 
Text of Proposed Order Proposed Order)(Pike, Michael) (Entered: 
06/25/2010) 
06/28/2010 
168   Defendant's MOTION for Settlement Conference, or in the Alternative, 
Motion to Direct Parties Back to Mediation by Jeffrey Epstein. Responses 
due by 7/15/2010 (Pike, Michael) (Entered: 06/28/2010) 
06/28/2010 
169  ORDER granting 168 Motion for Settlement Conference. It is hereby 
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that this case is REFERRED to United 
States Magistrate Judge Peter R. Palermo for the purpose of conducting a 
settlement conference in this action. The conference will be held on 
Tuesday, July 6, 2010 at 9:30 A.M. before Judge Palermo. Judge Palermo 
will enter a separate order providing details regarding the conference. The 
deadlines for filing the mandatory pretrial stipulation and motions in 
limine are hereby EXTENDED to two (2) business days following 
completion of the settlement conference.. Signed by Judge Kenneth A. 
Marra on 6/28/2010. (mkz) (Entered: 06/28/2010) 
06/28/2010 
170   Defendant's MOTION for Protective Order and/or Order of 
Confidentiality Regarding the Production of the Information Outlined in 
DE 462 and DE 572 by Jeffrey Epstein. (Pike, Michael) (Entered: 
06/28/2010) 
06/29/2010 
171  Notice to Parties: These cases are no longer consolidated. Any future 
filings shall be made only in the individual case number.. Signed by Judge 
Kenneth A. Marra on 6/29/2010. (mkz) (Entered: 06/29/2010) 
06/29/2010 
172  ORDER denying 170 Motion for Protective Order. Signed by Judge 
Kenneth A. Marra on 06/29/2010. (mkz) (Entered: 06/29/2010) 
06/29/2010 
173   ORDER SCHEDULING Settlement Conference set for 7/6/2010 09:30 
AM in Miami Division before Sr. Magistrate Judge Peter R. Palermo. 
Signed by Sr. Magistrate Judge Peter R. Palermo on 6/29/2010. (ds) 
(Entered: 06/29/2010) 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-16   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 1


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-16.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-17.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-17.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 182    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010   Page 1 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 6
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 08-CIV- 80893 -MARRA/JOHNSON 
JANE DOE, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
Defendants. 
____________ __:! 
EPSTEIN'S MOTION FOR LEAVE/PROTECTIVE ORDER TO REDACT PORTIONS 
OF TAX RECORDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAST PORTION OF DE 572 AND 
INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN ("Epstein"), pursuant to Rule 26(c), Federal Rules of 
Civil Procedure, moves for the entry of an order, protective order or modification of the order 
under DE 572 allowing for the redaction of certain tax records, or that the records are for 
"Attorneys or Experts' Eyes Only," and states: 
I. 
On February 4, 2010, this Court entered an order (DE 462) requiring that Epstein 
produce his tax returns, passport and certain information provided to him by the federal 
government during certain criminal proceedings. 
2. 
After Motions for Reconsideration and Rule 4 Appeal/Responses were fully 
briefed, this court entered its order at DE 572 requiring that Jeffrey Epstein produce his tax 
returns, his passport and the information the federal government gave to Epstein's lawyers 
during said criminal proceedings. See DEs 462 and 572. The Order requires that Epstein, 

Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 182    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010   Page 2 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 6
through his couusel, comply within 3 days (i.e., by Juue 30, 2010). As such, this motion must be 
timely addressed. 
3. 
As part of that order at DE 572, this court ruled that" ... Plaintiff shall not disclose 
Defendant's tax returns to any third parties without Defendant's consent and/or further court 
order. .. [ and] Plaintiff may disclose this information to an expert witness retained to testify at 
trial, but only on condition that the expert will agree to retain the confidentiality of the 
information and not disclose it to any third parties without the agreement of defendant or further 
order of the Court." The order went on to state that it " .. .is without prejudice to any future 
motion by defendant to exclude any of the information produced pursuant to this order at trial." 
4. 
Plaintiff's counsel here, and in other cases, has always been quick to respond to 
media inquiries. The court has directed that the tax returns themselves remain confidential. 
Defendant expects that the information contained therein will be afforded that same protection. 
However, if Plaintiff's couusel provides information (such as the identification and sources of 
Defendant's income) to others (i.e., non-lawyers, investigators, etc ... ), they will use that 
information in an improper manner and in violation of the court's order. As set forth in DE 569, 
Mr. Edwards admittedly has provided the journal and/or book secured from Alfredo Rodriguez 
to his investigators "who are now following-up [alleged] significant discovery leads found in the 
book." 
5. 
Therefore, Epstein, in good faith, moves this court for an order allowing him to 
redact certain information or designate the documents produced "Attorneys and Experts' Eyes 
Only." 
6. 
While the tax returns in this case are to be maintained as confidential, certain 
information should be redacted in those tax returns including, but not limited to, the names of the 

Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 182    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010   Page 3 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 6
companies, trusts, properties and other investment vehicles EPSTEIN has invested in over the 
years. This information is personal, confidential and trade secret information. The commercially 
sensitive and trade secret information contained in the tax returns could result in irreparable harm 
to Epstein if disseminated, and thus should be protected. Lynch v. Silcox, 2001 WL 1200656 
(S.D. Fla. 2001); Saye v. Old Hill Partners, Inc., 478 F.Supp. 248, 274-276 (D.Ct. Conn. 
2007)(question of fact existed as to whether investment company's business formula, which 
included investment trading strategy, investor lists, portfolios, financing methods ... was trade-
secret); see also U.S. v. Baez-Alcaino, 718 F. Supp. 1503, 1505-06 (M.D. Fla. 1989) (affirming 
lower court's decision to file redacted plea agreements to serve compelling government 
interests); In re Duque, 134 B.R. 679, 687 (S.D. Fla. 1991) (finding that court's procedure 
requiring attorneys to provide privileged documents to court for in-camera inspection while 
providing redacted versions to the bankruptcy trustee was proper). 
7. 
No figures or income information in the tax returns will be redacted. 
8. 
Moreover, the right to privacy encompasses at least two different kinds of 
interests, the individual interests of disclosing personal matters and the interest in independence 
in making certain kinds of important decisions. Favalora v. Sidaway, 966 So.2d 895 (Fla. 4th 
DCA 2008). Likewise, Article I, s. 23, Right of Privacy, provides that every natural person has 
the right to be let alone and free from governmental intrusion into the person's private life. 
Colorado v. Bertine, 479 U.S. 367, 387 (1986); State v. Jardines, 9 So.3d I (Fla. 3d DCA 
2008)(the Fourth Amendment clearly protects the right of people to be secure in their persons, 
houses, papers and effects from intrusion). 
9. 
While the scope of discovery is broad, it is not without limits. Washington v. 
Brown & Williamson Tobacco, 959 F.2d 1566, 1570 (11th Cir. 1992). Courts have long held 

Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 182    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010   Page 4 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 6
that while the standard of relevancy in discovery is a liberal one, it is not so liberal as to allow a 
party to roam in the shadow zones of relevancy and to explore matters which does not presently 
appear germane on the theory that it might conceivably become so. Food Lion, Inc. v. United 
Food & Commercial Workers Intern. Union, 103 F.3d 1007, 1012-13 (C.A. D.C. 1997) (string 
cite omitted). See also Capco Properties, LLC v. Monterry Gardens of Pinecrest Condo., 982 So. 
2d 1211, (Fla. 3d DCA 2008) (holding that discovery in civil cases must be relevant to the 
subject matter of the case and must be admissible or reasonably calculated to lead to admissible 
evidence); Morton Plant Hospital Ass'n, Inc. v. Shahbas, 960 So. 2d 820, 824 (Fla. 2d DCA 
2007) (holding that "discovery should be denied when it has been established that the 
information requested is neither relevant to any pending claim or defense nor will it lead to the 
discovery of admissible evidence," citing Tanchel v. Shoemaker, 928 So. 2d 440, 442 (Fla. 5th 
DCA 2006)). 
10. 
At this juncture, and in an effort to comply with the above order, Epstein is 
producing the redacted versions of the tax returns until further order from the court. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, requests the Court enter an order 
and/or protective order allowing Epstein to redact the above information and grant any additional 
relief the Court deems just and proper. 
Local Rule 7.1 Statement 
Pursuant to the above rule, the undersigned counsel and Plaintiffs counsel have 
conferred and were unable to reach an agreement. 
/s/ Robert D. Critton, Jr. 
Robert D. Critton, Attorney for 
Defendant Epstein 
Certificate of Service 

Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 182    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010   Page 5 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 6
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy of the foregoing was electronically filed with the 
Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all counsel of record identified on the following service list in the manner specified via 
transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF on this JQ_day of~ 
2010: 
Brad Edwards, Esq. 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos 
& Lehrman, PL 
425 N. Andrews Ave. 
Suite #2 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Phone: 954-524-2820 
Fax: 954-524-2822 
Brad(a),pathtoiustice.com 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hae Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
801-585-6833 Fax 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Atterbury Goldberger & Weiss, P.A. 
250 Australian Avenue South 
Suite 1400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401-5012 
561-659-8300 
561-835-8691 Fax 
jagesg@bellsouth.net 
Co-Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Respectfully submitted, 
By: Isl Robert D. Critton Jr. 
ROBERT D. CRITTON, JR., ES 
Florida Bar No. 224162 
rcrit@bclclaw.com 
MICHAEL J. PIKE, ESQ. 
Florida Bar #617296 
mpike(albclclaw.com 
BURMAN, CRITTON, LUTTIER & COLEMAN, LLP 
303 Banyan Boulevard, Suite 400 
West Palm Beach, FL 33401 
561/842-2820 Phone 
561/243-0164 Fax 

Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 182    Entered on FLSD Docket 06/30/2010   Page 6 of 6
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 6
( Co-Counsel for 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-17.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-18.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-18.pdf
----------------------------------------
06/29/2010 
174  ORDER granting 167 Motion for Leave to File Excess Pages in motion in 
limine to exclude similar fact evidence.. Signed by Judge Kenneth A. 
Marra on 6/29/2010. (mkz) (Entered: 06/29/2010) 
06/29/2010 
175   Plaintiff's MOTION for Writ of Habeas Corpus ad testificandum Alfredo 
Rodriguez by Jane Doe. (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit A)(Edwards, Bradley) 
(Entered: 06/29/2010) 
06/29/2010 
176   NOTICE by Jane Doe re 38 Amended Complaint Count V Seeks Punitive 
Damages (Edwards, Bradley) (Entered: 06/29/2010) 
06/29/2010 
177   Notification of Ninety Days Expiring DE 483 (#08-80119) Motion for 
Order to Show Cause by Jane Doe (Edwards, Bradley) (Entered: 
06/29/2010) 
06/29/2010 
178   Plaintiff's MOTION in Limine to Prevent Improper Use of 5th 
Amendment and Memo of Law by Jane Doe. (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit 
A)(Edwards, Bradley) (Entered: 06/29/2010) 
06/30/2010 
179   Notification of Ninety Days Expiring by Jeffrey Epstein (Pike, Michael) 
(Entered: 06/30/2010) 
06/30/2010 
180  ORDER granting 161 Motion for open trial and to identify Jane Doe at 
trial. Signed by Judge Kenneth A. Marra on 6/30/2010. (mkz) (Entered: 
06/30/2010) 
06/30/2010 
181  *Endorsed Order requiring expedited response. Response to (DE 175) 
Plaintiff's Motion for a Writ of Habeas Corpus Ad Testificandum due on 
or before July 6, 2010 at 12:00 noon.. Signed by Judge Kenneth A. Marra 
on 6/30/2010. (mkz) (Entered: 06/30/2010) 
06/30/2010 
182   Defendant's MOTION for Leave/Protective Order to Redact Portions of 
Tax Records in Accordance with the Last Portion of DE 572 (08-80119) 
and Incorporated memorandum of Law by Jeffrey Epstein. (Pike, 
Michael) (Entered: 06/30/2010) 
06/30/2010 
183  ORDER denying 182 Motion leave/protective order to redact portionss of 
tax records. The limitation regarding disclosure ordered by the Court in 
DE 572 (case 08-80119) applies not only to Defendant's tax records and 
passport but also to the information contained in those documents.. Signed 
by Judge Kenneth A. Marra on 6/30/2010. (mkz) (Entered: 06/30/2010) 
06/30/2010 
184   Defendant's MOTION for Jury Questionnaire, Motion for Individual Voir 
Dire, Motion to Select Jury Venire from Outside Jurisdiction and Motion 
for Jury Sequestration Throughout the Trial by Jeffrey Epstein. (Pike, 
Michael) (Entered: 06/30/2010) 
06/30/2010 
185   Defendant's MOTION to Continue Trial by Jeffrey Epstein. Responses 
due by 7/19/2010 (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit A, # 2 Exhibit B, # 3 Exhibit 
C, # 4 Exhibit D)(Pike, Michael) (Entered: 06/30/2010) 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-18   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 1


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-18.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-19.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-19.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
JANE DOE,   
CASE NO.  08-CV-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, et al. 
Defendant. 
_________________________________/ 
Related Cases: 
08-80119, 08-80232, 08-80380, 08-80381,  
08-80994, 08-80811, 08-80893, 09-80469, 
09-80591, 09-80656, 09-80802, 09-81092 
__________________________________/ 
PLAINTIFF JANE DOE’S EMERGENCY MOTION TO HAVE EPSTEIN HELD IN 
CONTEMPT FOR FAILING TO PRODUCE STATE DISCOVERY AND 
CORRESPONDENCE AND FOR PRODUCING ONLY REDACTED CORRESPONDENCE 
WITH THE U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE AND MOTION FOR SANCTIONS  
Plaintiff, Jane Doe, through undersigned counsel, hereby files this motion to have defendant 
Epstein held in contempt for (1) failing to produce any state criminal discovery and any 
correspondence with state prosecutors, and (2) producing only redacted correspondence with the U.S. 
Attorney’s Office.  Both of these failures stand in clear violation of this Court’s discovery orders.  Jane 
Doe further asks that Epstein be directed to produce these materials forthwith and that the Court 
impose appropriate sanctions.  Jane Doe respectfully asks that this motion be decided rapidly. 
As the Court is well aware, there has now been more than eleven months of litigation on 
whether defendant was going to produce any discovery to Jane Doe.  More than a year ago, Jane Doe 
propounded three discovery requests: 
Request No. 7:  All discovery information obtained by you or your attorneys as a result 
of the exchange of discovery in the State criminal case against you or the Federal 
investigation against you. 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 1 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 20

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Request No. 9:  Any documents or other evidentiary materials provided to local, state, 
or federal law enforcement investigators or local, state or federal prosecutors 
investigating your sexual activities with minors. 
Request No. 10:  All correspondence between you and your attorneys and state or 
federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited to, letters to and from 
the States Attorney’s office or any agents thereof). 
After innumerable motions and continuances and delays, this Court’s order to produce these 
items came due yesterday.  Jane Doe finally received her discovery last night.  Remarkably, however, 
Epstein deliberately limited his discovery in two ways.   
First, while Requests No. 7, 9, and 10 clearly cover discovery information that Epstein obtained 
in both federal and state proceedings, Epstein produced only federal discovery (or, more precisely, 
because he claims to have received no federal discovery, he provided nothing at all).  In addition, while 
Request No. 10 clearly covers correspondence with both federal and state prosecutors, Epstein has 
produced only correspondence with federal prosecutors.  There is no basis for limiting production to 
federal materials.   
Second, while Request No. 10 clearly covers correspondence both to and from Epstein’s 
criminal defense attorneys, Epstein has redacted all of this correspondence so that only correspondence 
to him is revealed.  The resulting mishmash of redactions means that much of the correspondence – 
and virtually all of the correspondence most useful to Jane Doe – has been withheld by Epstein.  
These deliberate violations of the Court’s orders are part of a persistent pattern by Epstein to 
thwart legitimate discovery by Jane Doe.1  Accordingly, the Court should order production of these 
items forthwith.  Jane Doe seeks production on an emergency basis because she has been compelled to 
attend a second settlement conference on July 6, 2010, at 9:30 a.m., and these items of discovery might 
For another blatant example of improper delays during  discovery, see Plaintiff’s Motion to Prevent Improper 
Use of 5th Amendment and Memorandum of Law, case no. 9:08-cv-80893, doc. #178 (Epstein’s filibustering 
and insertion of irrelevant and prejudicial information during his deposition).   
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 2 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 20

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
put her in a much better position to understand the strength of her case at that time.  Jane Doe therefore 
respectfully requests that the Court rule on this motion rapidly by Friday, July 2, 2010.  (Monday, July 
5, 2010, is a federal holiday.)  Jane Doe also seeks appropriate sanctions.  
PROCEDURAL BACKGROUND 
For the convenience of the Court, here is the full saga of several straightforward discovery 
requests that Jane Doe has filed in this case.  On July 20, 2009, Jane Doe filed a motion to compel 
production of various previously-requested documents, including discovery provided to Epstein by 
state and federal prosecutors in the criminal cases against him and correspondence between his 
criminal defense attorneys and state and federal prosecutors during the criminal investigation.  Case 
No. 9:08-cv-80119, doc. #210.  Specifically, her motion sought production of the following: 
Request No. 7:  All discovery information obtained by you or your attorneys as a result 
of the exchange of discovery in the State criminal case against you or the Federal 
investigation against you. 
Request No. 9:  Any documents or other evidentiary materials provided to local, state, 
or federal law enforcement investigators or local, state or federal prosecutors 
investigating your sexual activities with minors. 
Request No. 10:  All correspondence between you and your attorneys and state or 
federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited to, letters to and from 
the States Attorney’s office or any agents thereof). 
(doc. #210 at pp. 10-12 (emphases added)).  Epstein obtained an extension of time in which to respond 
and, two-and-a-half months later, on October 6, 2009, Epstein filed an objection to producing these 
items primarily on Fifth Amendment grounds (doc. #339).  On October 16, 2009, Jane Doe promptly 
filed a reply in support of her motion (doc. #354).  On January 22, 2010, Jane Doe filed a notice that 
more than 90 days had elapsed since the filing of her motion (doc. #453).   
On February 4, 2010, the magistrate judge granted in part and denied in part Jane Doe’s motion 
to compel, specifically ruling that Epstein had to produce the discovery provided to him by state and 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 3 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 20

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
federal prosecutors and the requested correspondence, rejecting Fifth Amendment and other objections 
raised by Epstein.  (case no. 9:08-cv-80119, doc. #462).  The magistrate judge specifically granted 
requests 7, 9, and 10.  Id. at 10 (“Accordingly, Epstein is ordered to produce the documents subjects to 
these Requests [i.e., requests 7, 9, and 10] within ten (10) days from the date hereof.”).   
Epstein then filed for an extension of time in which to appeal (doc. #464), which Jane Doe 
opposed on grounds of delay (doc. #465).  On February 11, 2010, the Court granted in part and denied 
in part the extension of time, specifically warning Epstein that “[i]n the event that Magistrate Judge 
Johnson’s February 4, 2010 Order is affirmed on appeal, Defendant will have three (3) business days 
from the date of this Court’s order to produce the documents at issue.”   (doc. #468).  Epstein then 
ultimately filed his appeal/motion for reconsideration of the magistrate decision on February 26, 2010. 
(doc. #477).   On March 10, 2010, Jane Doe then filed her response in Opposition to Defendant’s 
Motion for reconsideration. (doc. #. 485).   
On April 1, 2010, the magistrate judge rejected Epstein’s challenge, reaffirming his earlier 
order that “compelled production from state and federal prosecutors in the criminal case against him.”  
(doc. #513). 
On May 6, 2010, the court held a status conference on the appeal (which also involved other 
consolidated cases raising similar appeals and issues).  The Court asked the parties to attempt to reach 
a resolution of issues surrounding Epstein’s net worth. 
On May 12, 2010, Epstein filed a “Consolidated” Rule 4 Review and Appeal of Portions of the 
Magistrate Judge’s orders (doc. #545).  On May 27, 2010, Jane Doe filed a “protective” response to the 
consolidated reply, noting that she had previously responded to all of the arguments raised by the 
appeal and that the “consolidated” appeal did not require any new response from her (doc. #551).  The 
response also noted Jane Doe and Epstein had been unable to resolve disputed net worth issues.  
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 4 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 20

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
On Friday, June 25, 2010, this Court entered an order affirming the magistrate judge’s 
discovery orders in all respects (Case No. 9:08-cv-80119-KAM, doc. #572) and, as it previously 
warned Epstein, requiring Epstein to produce the discovery materials within three business days.    
At this point, despite having had a year to assemble the requested discovery items and prepare 
for their production – and more than four months since this Court’s warning to be prepared to produce 
the documents on three days notice – Epstein began filing motions to restrict production.  On Monday 
evening, June 28, 2010, at approximately 5:11 p.m., Epstein filed a motion for a protective order 
regarding dissemination of the materials (Case No. 9:09-cv-80893, doc. #170). On Tuesday morning, 
June 29, 2010, at approximately 9:31 a.m., this Court summarily denied the motion (doc. #172).  Then, 
as the deadline for production drew even nearer, on Wednesday, June 30, 2010, at approximately 2:19 
p.m., Epstein filed a motion for a right to redact tax returns that were being produced and informed the 
Court in his Motion that he was going to go ahead and only produce redacted tax returns (doc. #182).  
Shortly thereafter, Epstein began transmitting redacted returns to Jane Doe’s counsel via email.  Acting 
with impressive speed, at approximately 2:33 p.m., the Court summarily denied Epstein’s motion (doc. 
#183).   
Following these actions by the Court, yesterday defendant Epstein made his production of 
unredacted tax returns electronically to Jane Doe’s counsel.  However, Epstein remarkably still failed 
to produce materials he was required to produce in two critical ways.  First, Epstein did not produce 
any information he had obtained from the state during discovery of the criminal investigation against 
him.  Indeed, because he had not (apparently in his view) obtained any federal discovery during the 
criminal investigation, he turned over nothing at all responsive to Jane Doe’s Requests No. 7 and No. 
9.   And similarly, with regard to correspondence from the prosecutors, Epstein also produced only 
correspondence with federal prosecutors – not with state prosecutors. Of course, this significantly 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 5 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 20

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
limited the production he made, as Epstein pled guilty to state sex charges rather than federal sex 
charges – leaving Jane Doe with no correspondence or discovery from the State. 
Second, with regard to his correspondence with federal prosecutors that he did produce, Epstein 
redacted anything coming from attorneys, leaving only the responses from the federal prosecutors.  
The result is an often unintelligible mishmash of back-and-forth emails, where only half of what is 
being said is disclosed.  It forces Jane Doe to read everything out of context and severely limits the 
utility of what was produced.  To give but two of what are literally dozens of examples of the 
unintelligibility, consider these e-mail chains – or, more precisely, half e-mail chains: 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 6 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 20
That is fine. 
I'm sorry I didn't get your e-mail 
sooner. 
Since I am out of the office, the best way to 
reach me is on my cell, or you can send an e-mail 
(which becomes a text message) to 
56160l2301@cingularme.com 
Tomorrow I am available early in the morning (7:00 to 
7:45), or at 8:30, or at 5;00, or after 6:45. 
Thanks. 
A. Marie Villafana 
Assistant U. S. Attorney 
561 209-1047 
Fax 561 820-8777 
-

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Exhibit 1, found as Correspondence 5 from defense counsel (June 30, 2010). 
Exhibit 2, found as Correspondence 3 from defense counsel (June 30, 2010).   
The net result of these redactions, of course, is that what is produced is of essentially no value 
to Jane Doe for discovery or at trial – what is left is merely statements from prosecutors, rather than 
statements from agents of Mr. Epstein that could be used to help build Jane Doe’s case.    
EPSTEIN SHOULD BE HELD IN CONTEMPT AND SANCTIONED FOR DELIBERATE 
VIOLATIONS OF THE ORDER TO PRODUCE 
I. 
EPSTEIN SHOULD BE HELD IN CONTEMPT FOR FAILING TO PRODUCE 
STATE DISCOVERY AND STATE CORRESPONDENCE RESPONSIVE TO 
REQUESTS NOS. 7, 9, AND 10  
As noted above, Jane Doe’s Requests for Production No. 7 and 9 plainly requested that Epstein 
produce discovery provided to him in both the federal and state criminal cases.  See, e.g., Request No. 
(requesting production of “[a]ll discovery information obtained by you or your attorneys as a result 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 7 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 20
Jay - I hate to have to be finn about this, but we need to wrap this up by 
Monday. I will not miss my indictment date when this has dragged on 
for several weeks already and then, if things fall apart, be left in a less 
advantageous position than before the negotiations. I have had an 
82-page pros memo and 53-page indictment sitting on the shelf since 
May to engage in these negotiations. There has to be an ending date, 
and that date is Monday. 
A. Marie Villafana 
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
561 209-1047 

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
of the exchange of discovery in the State criminal case against you or the Federal investigation against 
you” (emphasis added)).  In addition, Request No. 10 plainly requested “[a]ll correspondence between 
you and your attorneys and state or federal law enforcement or prosecutors (including, but not limited 
to, letters to and from the States Attorney’s office or any agents thereof (emphasis added)).”  Indeed, 
given the intertwined nature of these two investigations (with a federal non-prosecution agreement 
ultimately resulting when Epstein pled guilty to state sex charges), it would be difficult to segregate 
the two.  Of course, Jane Doe would want discovery and correspondence from both cases – it makes no 
difference to her the source of the documents or correspondence. And the legal principles governing 
production would not vary between federal and state investigations.   
Astonishingly then, Epstein now after 11 months of litigation has decided that Jane Doe’s 
request – and the magistrate judge’s order affirming that request – are somehow to be limited to merely 
the federal criminal investigation.  And, with amazing convenience for Epstein, since he apparently 
deems all the discovery his criminal defense team received to be purely state discovery, he has to 
produce nothing on  request for production nos. 7 and 9, and only half of what would be expected for 
request for production no. 10. 
In the context of this case, it should be readily apparent to the Court that Epstein has 
deliberately decided to produce substantially less information than he is required to produce.  He is 
doing so by taking a ridiculous and absurd position that is not supported by any reasonable reading of 
the discovery requests or this Court’s rulings.  And he is doing so in a civil case, where discovery is 
supposed to be freely and readily exchanged.   
The only even arguable basis for Epstein’s deliberate intransigence is that he is apparently 
taking the position that a single sentence in one of Jane Doe’s many pleadings on these issues should 
be deemed to have “narrowed” the plain language of her clear Requests for Production.  In a reply brief 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 8 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 20

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
in October 2009, counsel for Jane Doe in briefly described the nature of requests for production nos. 7, 
9, and 10, writing one sentence that referred to the requests as covering materials from the federal 
government.  See Plaintiff’s Jane Doe’s Reply to Response to Motion to Compel, doc. #354 at 3 
(referring to requests as seeking “information that the federal government gave to Epstein in the course 
of its plea discussions with him”).  In reviewing that single sentence, it should have been obvious that 
Jane Doe was not suddenly – and for no apparent reason – narrowing her request to half of the material 
that she would otherwise have been entitled to receive.   At the very most (and this is debatable), it 
appears that one could argue that Jane Doe’s counsel spoke loosely or made a typographical error, as 
the sentence could have more clearly said “federal and state government.”  Whatever can be said of 
this single sentence, the remaining sentences in this pleading immediately following this sentence 
plainly refer to both the federal and state governments, as there is no limitation to the federal 
government in approximately nine other sentences in close proximity to the sentence Epstein 
apparently seizes upon.  See, e.g.,id. at 4 (“The government itself gave Epstein the documents!” 
(emphasis in original)); id. at 6 “the government was showing him the documents in the first place to 
convince him to plead guilty to a crime” (emphasis added)); id. at 9 (“Jane Doe’s requests for 
production number 7 and 9, which seek respectively discovery provided by the government and 
“evidentiary materials’ provided by the government” (emphasis added)).  And, eliminating any 
legitimate confusion, at the end of this section in this brief, Jane Doe explained quite clearly that she 
was seeking not only correspondence with the U.S. Attorney’s Office but more general with 
“government agencies,”   -- i.e., both federal and state agencies.  Id. at 10. 
Regardless of how Epstein might have intentionally misconstrued this single sentence in the 
Jane Doe’s reply, the magistrate judge ultimately ruled on the actual request for production.  The 
magistrate judge in using a shorthand to describing the nature of the Requests for Production, also 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 9 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 20

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
referred at one point to “the federal government” and at another point to “the government.”  Compare 
case no. 9:08-CV-80893, doc. 462 at 8 (describing Requests 7, 9 and 10 as involving “documents the 
federal government gave to Epstein”) with id. (describing requests as “documents the government itself 
gave to Epstein”).  But the Court’s ultimate order was that the Request for Productions 7, 9, and 10 
was granted.  Id. Nothing in the context of the magistrate judge’s decision indicated any principle of 
law that would make federal information and correspondence discoverable and state information and 
correspondence non-discoverable. Indeed, the magistrate judge made clear on the next page of the 
order that he understood he was reviewing a discovery matter relating to documents involving 
“Epstein’s Florida guilty” plea and “federal or state criminal investigations.”  Id. at 9 (emphases 
added).  Nor would there have been any logical reason for the magistrate judge to have awarded to 
Jane Doe production of only half of the materials she sought (i.e., awarded her only production of 
federal materials, but not state materials on the same subject).   
Following the magistrate judge’s ruling, Epstein filed a motion to reconsider.  If Epstein 
believed that the order only obligated him to produce federal discovery materials/correspondence and 
that he had no such materials – it would have been a simple matter for him to have simply said that and 
not appeal the ruling on Requests Nos. 7 and 9 (and to a large extent 10).  To the contrary, however, 
Epstein spent nine pages asking the magistrate judge to reverse its rulings on these three requests for 
production.  (Case No. 9:08-cv- 80119-KAM, doc. #477, at 3-11).  Epstein also stated that he did not 
have discovery information or evidentiary information provided to him by the federal government.  Id. 
at 4. 
In response, Jane Doe noted Epstein’s glass-is-half-empty representations that he had no 
federal discovery materials and objected to his “semantic games.”  Plaintiff Jane Doe’s Response to 
Defendant’s Motion for Reconsideration and/or Request for Rule 4 Review, Case No. 9:08-cv-80119-
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 10 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 10 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
KAM, doc. #485, at 3.   She made clear that she expected Epstein to honor the Request for Productions 
as they were written and produce both federal and state materials: 
Jane Doe does not take these representations to mean that Epstein possesses no 
information responsive to these requests.  If this were the case, Epstein could have 
avoided seven months of litigation by simply making this representation to the Court at 
the outset.  Rather, Epstein seems to be playing semantic games.  With regard to 
discovery request no. 7, Epstein represents only that he has no discovery information 
from the federal government – not contesting the obvious fact (as Jane Doe has been 
reliably informed) that he received significant discovery in connection with the state 
criminal charges to which he pled guilty.  With regard to discovery request no. 9, 
Epstein represents only that he has not been given evidentiary documents by the federal 
government – again not contest the obvious fact (as Jane Doe has been reliably 
informed) that he received documents from both the state and federal authorities 
working on his case.  If Epstein is going to continue to mince words in this fashion, 
Jane Doe asks that he clearly explain to the Court in any reply pleading that he may file 
what materials responsive to the requests for production he has so that the Court may 
make an informed ruling. 
Id. (emphases in original).  Jane Doe also noted specifically that request no. 10 “covers correspondence 
with ‘state or federal law enforcement or prosecutors.’  For convenience, the request will be described 
as being for correspondence with ‘the Government.’”  Id.  at 5 n.2. 
In his reply to Jane Doe’s response, Epstein cited the single sentence in Jane Doe’s October 
pleading discussed above and made an argument that the magistrate judge had somehow impliedly 
adopted it as narrowing the scope of the her requests.  Defendant’s Reply to Plaintiff’s Response to 
Defendant’s Motion for Reconsideration, Case No. 9:08-cv-80119-KAM, doc. #502, at 2-3.  Epstein 
then went on to spend seven pages arguing on the merits that he should not be required to produce state 
discovery materials.  He made two detailed arguments against producing state discovery materials.  He 
first argued that the request for state materials was somehow “improper” because Jane Doe’s counsel 
had received some materials from state prosecutors.  Id. at 3-5.2  Epstein then argued that the state 
materials were “work product” because his attorney had picked out certain materials from the state 
To be clear, Jane Doe’s counsel believes that Epstein possesses significant state discovery materials that have 
never been seen by Jane Doe.   
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 11 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 11 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
prosecutor.  In support of this argument, Epstein for the first time attached an affidavit from Jack 
Goldberger, his criminal defense attorney, about the process of obtaining the state discovery materials.  
Id. at 5-7.   
As has been the case with many other claims presented by the Epstein in the course of this 
litigation, the magistrate judge was not impressed with these arguments against producing both federal 
and state discovery materials.  In the final order on the subject on April 1, 2010, the magistrate judge 
explained: “Epstein takes issue with that portion of the Order which compelled production of discovery 
from state and federal prosecutors in the criminal case against him, his recent tax returns, and his 
passport.  The Court stands behind each of these decisions for the reasons stated in its Order and is not 
persuaded by any of Epstein’s arguments to the contrary.”  Omnibus Order, Case No. 9:08-cv-80119-
KAM, doc. #513 at 2 (emphases added).  Notably, the magistrate judge was not persuaded by “any” of 
Epstein’s arguments – including, of course, his argument that the single sentence in Jane Doe’s earlier 
pleading has magically “narrowed” the plain meaning of her requests.  And notably, the magistrate 
judge himself – in the face of a challenge from Epstein that the court order only required Epstein to 
produce federal materials – specifically described the order as including  “production of discovery 
from state and federal prosecutors.”   
After various further delays engineered by Epstein as recounted above, pleadings were filed 
before this Court (Marra, J.), on the appeal of the magistrate judge’s ruling.   Epstein’s pleadings were 
essentially “cut and paste” pleadings from his pleading with the magistrate judge.  Most important for 
present purposes, the pleadings revealed no doubt that Epstein understood that Jane Doe was 
requesting – and that the the magistrate judge had ordered -- production of both federal and state 
materials.  See, e.g., doc. #545 at 5 (discussing breadth of Jane Doe’s request), at 15 (challenging 
obligation to produce materials from state and local police agencies); at 17 (arguing that materials in 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 12 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 12 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
“Palm Beach state Attorney’s File” were somehow work product material).  And on June 25, 2010, this 
Court affirmed all of the magistrate judge’s discovery rulings.  (Case No. 9:08-cv-80119-KAM, doc. 
#572). 
Jane Doe has reviewed these pleadings in detail because they point to only one conclusion: 
defendant Epstein is deliberately violating the clear order of Magistrate Judge Johnson that he produce 
“discovery from state and federal prosecutors in the criminal case against him”  Indeed, Epstein has 
specifically presented his extraordinary and crabbed interpretation of the order (i.e., that it only extends 
to the federal government materials) to the magistrate judge, and the magistrate judge told him the 
interpretation was rejected.  And this Court affirmed.  Epstein is therefore plainly in contempt of this 
Court’s order.  He should be directed to immediately produce the discovery and other information he 
received from state prosecutions and correspondence with state prosecution and be subject to other 
sanctions as explained below. 
II. 
EPSTEIN SHOULD BE HELD IN CONTEMPT FOR FAILING TO PRODUCE 
UNREDACTED CORRESPONDENCE WITH FEDERAL PROSECUTORS 
Defendant Epstein, making use of yet another dilatory tactic, has also deliberately violated this 
Court’s discovery order by failing to produce unredacted correspondence with federal prosecutors.  
Instead, he has produced redacted discovery that is essentially gibberish and, in any event, unusable by 
Jane Doe because it contains no statements from Epstein or his representatives and forces Jane Doe to 
read all communications about Epstein’s crimes against minors out of context.   
Epstein apparently takes the position that he is somehow entitled to redact the correspondence, 
even though none of the underlying magistrate judge orders regarding the correspondence even 
mention redaction and even though Epstein has never even raised redaction.  Perhaps Epstein was 
thinking about filing a motion for authorizing redaction – only to be scared off by this Court’s 14-
minute turnaround time yesterday in rejecting his frivolous motion to redact the tax returns he was 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 13 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 13 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
producing.  (Case No. 9:08-cv-80893-KAM, doc. #183).  In light of these circumstances, it appears 
that Epstein’s legal counsel have calculated that it is better to force Jane Doe’s attorney to file a motion 
objecting to redaction rather than to present this preposterous idea to the Court for summary rejection. 
The redaction is in clear defiance of the orders in this case.   Jane Doe’s Request for Production 
No. 10 plainly and broadly requested “[a]ll correspondence between you and your attorneys and state 
or federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited to, letters to and from the States 
Attorney’s office or any agents thereof).”  (Case No. 9:08-cv-80119, doc. #210 at 10).  The magistrate 
judge rejected Epstein’s arguments against production.  (doc. #462 at 10).   The magistrate judge 
“rejected out of hand” any claim that the correspondence was somehow protected by the attorney-
client privilege or work-product doctrine, noting that the correspondence with state and federal 
prosecutors could hardly be regarded as somehow “confidential.”  Id. at 9.  The magistrate judge 
therefore ordered Epstein to comply with Request for Production No. 10 “involving settlement 
discussions and plea negotiations.”  Id. at 10. 
Once again, defendant Epstein filed for reconsideration, making it quite clear that the Request 
for Production covered not only what prosecutors were saying to his representatives, but also what his 
representatives were saying back.  Thus, Epstein asked the magistrate judge to reconsider not only 
because it was purportedly protected by the attorney-client privilege, but also for a new reason: 
settlement discussion confidentially.  Epstein argued that because “[t]he requested communications 
include the views of Epstein’s counsel in the criminal case regarding why a federal prosecution was 
inappropriate . . . . It also includes Epstein’s counsel’s views on the limits and inapplicability of certain 
elements of 18 U.S.C. § 2255 . . . .This opinion work product should not be disclosed . . . .”  
Defendant’s Motion for Reconsideration and/or Request for Rule 4 Review, Case No. 9:08-cv-80119-
KAM, doc. #477 at 7-8. Epstein also put in a cryptic sentence stating: “Concomitantly, to the extent 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 14 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 14 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
that the request is now limited to communications form the Government to Epstein, see DE 54, pgs 3 
and 8, the narrowed request implicate[s] the same concerns for the opinions, the work product, and the 
expectations of the privacy of the United States Attorney . . . .”  Id. at 8.   
Jane Doe responded by explaining “[t]here is nothing confidential about materials being 
exchanged between Epstein and government prosecutors – regardless of whether the materials or 
correspondence were being sent from the prosecutors to Epstein or from Epstein to the prosecutors.”  
Plaintiff Jane Doe’s Response to Defendant’s Motion for Reconsideration, doc. #485 at 13 (emphasis 
added).  Jane Doe also objected that Epstein was improperly raising arguments concerning settlement 
confidentiality for the first time on reconsideration.  Id. at 5-6.  Jane Doe went on to note the “cryptic 
sentence” in Epstein’s pleading, and explained: “It’s hard to understand what Epstein means by this 
sentence.  The cited docket entry – DE 543 – has nothing to do with the discovery request at hand.  
Perhaps this sentence is simply a mistaken remnant of a botched ‘cut and paste’ from another pleading 
in another case where docket entry 564 would relevant.  In any event, to be clear, Jane Doe has not 
‘narrowed’ her request to only one-half of the relevant correspondence and thus the magistrate judge’s 
order is not limited to one-half of the correspondence.” Id. at 13 n.4.  Epstein did not press the point in 
his reply brief.  (doc. #502 at 1-3 (not raising this issue)). 
The magistrate judge – once again – rejected all of Epstein’s arguments, reaffirming that 
Epstein was obligated to comply with Request for Production No. 10.  The Court singled out Epstein’s 
argument about settlement confidentiality as specifically flawed: “Epstein’s final argument, raised now 
for the first time, concerns settlement discussion confidentiality.  Because Epstein never presented this 
argument to the undersigned it is inappropriate to raise it now for the first time. . . . Even were the 
Docket entry 54 is this Court’s Opinion and order granting and denying in part Motion to Dismiss and Motion 
for a More Definite Statement, entered on February 12, 2009 – before any of the discovery requests at issue here 
at even been propounded.   
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 15 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 15 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Court to consider the argument on its merits, for the reasons explained in Jane Doe’s Response 
Memorandum (D.E. #485), pp. 4-9, the Court finds said argument without merit.”  Omnibus Order, 
Case No. 9:08-cv-80119-KAM, doc. #513, at 2-3.   
As noted above, after various further delays engineered by Epstein, pleadings were filed before 
this Court (Marra, J.), on the appeal of the magistrate judge’s ruling.   Here again, Epstein’s pleadings 
make it crystal clear that he knew he was obligated to produce not only what prosecutors said to him, 
but what he and his representatives said to them. He objected to producing correspondence involving  
“the opinion of each counsel, Epstein’s and the United States Attorney’s[,] [which] were exchanged 
with each other pursuant to the overall expectation that they were safeguarded from disclosure by the 
policies of confidentiality that protect communications during settlement and plea negotiations.  The 
requested communications include the views of Epstein’s counsel in the criminal cases regarding why 
federal prosecution was inappropriate [and other subjects].”  (Case No. 9:08-cv-80119, doc. #545 at 
(emphasis added)).   And on June 25, 2010, this Court rejected all of Epstein’s arguments and 
affirmed all of the magistrate judge’s discovery rulings.  (Case No. 9:08-cv-80119-KAM, doc. #572). 
Once again, it is quite clear that Epstein stands in clear and deliberate defiance of this Court’s 
discovery order obligating him to produce correspondence as directed in Request for Production No. 
10.  Epstein should be directed to produce the discovery and other information he received from state 
prosecutions and correspondence with state prosecution forthwith and be subject to other sanctions as 
explained below. 
III. 
THE COURT SHOULD SANCTION EPSTEIN BY DIRECTING PRODUCTION 
FORTHWITH, 
IMPOSING 
A 
FINE 
AND 
BY 
DEEMING 
ALL 
OF 
THE 
MATERIALS WITHHELD TO BE ADMISSIBLE AT TRIAL. 
Jane Doe’s counsel apologizes for forcing this Court to read this entire discovery saga.  But the 
bottom line remains that after eleven months of litigation, when Jane Doe was receiving her first 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 16 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 16 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
discovery production from Epstein yesterday, he clearly and deliberately defied this Court’s orders 
about the scope of that production.  Moreover, as the events recounted above make clear, the refusal to 
produce is willful.  They also seemed to be calculated to force Jane Doe’s legal counsel to spend a 
significant amount of time writing a pleading to obtain production, just when she has been ordered (at 
Epstein’s demand) to another settlement conference and while preparing for trial in this matter.4  
Indeed, it seems probable that Epstein is seeking to prevent Jane Doe from having these materials to 
review before the settlement conference – and perhaps to block her from having these materials when 
her trial starts in less than three weeks.  
It is hard to view Epstein’s maneuvers – and Epstein’s recent attempts to restrict discovery that 
this Court has summarily rejected – as anything other than a signal that Epstein and his legal counsel 
believe that they need not follow the rules that apply to other litigants.  Perhaps the vast wealth of the 
defendant and the legal fees that he is paying his attorneys has engendered this attitude.  Regardless of 
the reason, this Court should not tolerate such clear intransigence and impose appropriate sanctions.   
Epstein should be found to be in contempt of court.  To find contempt, “the Court must 
determine whether there is clear and convincing evidence that (1) the allegedly violated order was 
valid and lawful; (2) the order was clear, definite and unambiguous; and (3) the alleged violator had 
the ability to comply with the order.”  Brauchle v. Southern Sports Grill, Inc., 2008 WL 4753707, at *1 
(S.D.Fla.,2008) (citing McGregor v. Chierico, 206 F.3d 1378, 1383 (11th Cir. 2000)). For the reasons 
described in detail above, the discovery orders at issue here were clearly valid, unambiguous about 
their breadth, and Epstein plainly had the ability to comply.  Indeed, given all the circumstances 
recounted here, it is clear that Epstein made a deliberate choice not to comply.  The Court accordingly 
Judge Palermo has ordered Jane Doe to prepare a confidential settlement statement and file it by 5 p.m. today 
as part of that conference.  Jane Doe’s completion of that statement has been interrupted by the need to file this 
motion. 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 17 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 17 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
should use the full panoply of powers that it possesses to punish this blatant contempt.  The Court also 
has additional powers under Rule 37 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure to deter discovery 
abuses.   
Jane Doe respectfully requests the Court impose the following sanctions:   
First, Epstein should be required to produce forthwith all discovery information, documents, 
and other evidentiary materials covered by Requests No. 7, 9, and 10 – e.g.., all discovery and 
evidentiary information from both the federal and state prosecuting and investigating authorities and 
all correspondence – in unredacted form – both from and to federal and state prosecuting and 
investigating authorities.5  Jane Doe respectfully requests that the Court rule on this motion before her 
mandated settlement conference, so that she can have the benefit of those materials at that time.   
Second, Epstein’s counsel should be required to pay $5,000 to the Court and instructed not to 
play any further games as this case moves to trial. 
Third, Epstein should be deemed to have waived any objection to the use by Jane Doe at trial of 
any of the materials subject to the discovery demands at issue here (Requests for Production Nol. 7, 9, 
and 10).  See Fed. R. Crim. P. 37(b)(2)(A)(i) (allowing the Court to award as a sanction for discovery 
violation “prohibiting the disobedient party from supporting or opposing designated claims or 
defenses”).   
CONFERENCE WITH COUNSEL 
Jane Doe’s counsel understands Epstein to object to this motion.  
The full terms of the discovery requests speak for themselves.   
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 18 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 18 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CONCLUSION 
The Court should find that Epstein has deliberately violated its discovery orders, hold him in 
contempt of court, direct that the requested discovery be produced forthwith, and impose appropriate 
sanctions as described above. 
DATED: July 1, 2010 
Respectfully Submitted, 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards               
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, 
FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
and 
Paul G. Cassell 
Pro Hac Vice  
332 S. 1400 E. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
Telephone: 
801-585-5202 
Facsimile: 
801-585-6833 
E-Mail: 
cassellp@law.utah.edu 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on July 1, 2010 I electronically filed the foregoing document with 
the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this 
day on all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either via transmission of 
Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those 
parties who are not authorized to receive electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
/s/ Bradley J. Edwards               
Bradley J. Edwards 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 19 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 19 of

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON 
SERVICE LIST 
Jane Doe v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq. 
Jgoldberger@agwpa.com 
Robert D. Critton, Esq. 
rcritton@bclclaw.com 
Isidro Manual Garcia 
isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net 
Michael James Pike 
MPike@bclclaw.com 
Paul G. Cassell 
cassellp@law.utah.com 
Case 9:08-cv-80893-KAM   Document 190    Entered on FLSD Docket 07/01/2010   Page 20 of 20
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 20 of


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-19.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-20.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-20.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 2
AFFIDAVIT OF BRADLEY JAMES EDWARDS 
1. 
am an attorney in good standing with the Florida Bar and admitted to practice in the 
Southern District of Florida. 
2. The law firm of Farmer Jaffe Weissing Edwards Fistos and Lehrman, of which I am a partner, 
filed a recent lawsuit on September 17, 2010 against Jeffrey Epstein, case number 10-
81111, in federal Court in the Southern District of Florida. 
3. Defendant Epstein is a registered sex offender as a result of his pleading guilty to felonies 
related to his illegal sexual conduct with minor children. 
4. Through discovery in other cases, I learned that Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean Luc Brunel were 
close friends and business associates of Mr. Epstein who had important and relevant 
information concerning Mr. Epstein. 
5. Both Ms. Maxwell and Mr. Brunel avoided having their depositions taken by relaying false 
information that they were out of the country with no intentions of returning. 
6. Ms. Maxwell relayed through counsel that, just before her scheduled deposition, her 
mother became deathly ill, and Ms. Maxwell was therefore going to be with her mother 
outside the United States with no intention of returning. 
7. She was photographed a month later in the United States attending Chelsea Clinton's 
wedding and that photograph was captured in US Weekly magazine. 
8. According to widely circulated press reports, including a 60 minutes documentary and Ian 
Halperin's book "Bad and Beautiful: Inside the Dazzling and Deadly World of Supermodels", 
Mr. Brunel has been known as a drug abuser that has molested children through his 
modeling agencies. 
9. Mr. Brunel frequently stayed at Epstein's house as a house guest and also has reported his 
primary address at an apartment building in New York at 301 East 66th Street, an apartment 
that is believed to be owned by Mr. Epstein. 
10. Mr. Brunel visited Mr. Epstein approximately 67 times while Mr. Epstein was in jail serving 
his jail sentence for his sexual crimes in Palm Beach County. 
11. Mr. Brunel was set for deposition and avoided his deposition by providing information 
through his counsel that he was out of the country with no intention of ever returning to 
the United States. 
12. When Mr. Brunel relayed the information that he was out of the country with no plans to 
return, he was actually staying with Mr. Epstein at Mr. Epstein's according to Mr. Epstein's 
probation logs. 
13. During discovery it was nearly impossible to take the deposition of someone that could 
provide relevant information against Mr. Epstein that was not represented by an attorney 
being paid by Mr. Epstein. 
14. It was learned that in addition to paying for his own counsel, Mr. Epstein also paid for 
counsel for the following other material witnesses: Sarah Kellen (Epstein's executive 
assistant and procurer of girls for him to abuse), Larry Visoski (Epstein's personal pilot), 
Dave Rogers (Epstein's personal pilot), Larry Harrison (Epstein's personal pilot), Louella 
Rabuyo (Epstein's housekeeper), Nadia Marcinkova (Epstein's live-in sex slave), Ghislaine 
Maxwell (manager of Epstein's affairs and businesses) , Mark Epstein (Epstein's brother), 
and Janusz Banasiak (Epstein's house manager). 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 2
15. In this case of MJ v. Jeffrey Epstein, case 10-81111, I contacted Mr. Epstein's counsel, Mr. 
Knight to request that he accept service for his client and he declined. 
16. My law firm was then forced to retain the services of Thomas Marsigliano, a private 
investigator in New York, to serve Mr. Epstein. 
17. My law firm has been forced to spend more than $1,400.00, on the service of process in this 
case to date. 
18. In a previous civil case against Jeffrey Epstein that I litigated on behalf of my client, Jane 
Doe, case number 08-80893, Mr. Epstein invoked his 5th amendment right against self-
incrimination on nearly all discovery requests as well as all relevant questions posed to him 
and his co-conspirators in deposition. 
19. One piece of "evidence" that Mr. Epstein was ordered to produce included correspondence 
between him and his lawyers and the United States government. 
20. Mr. Epstein alleged to have produced all correspondence from the U.S. government to him 
or his attorneys but did not produce that correspondence from him or his attorneys to the 
government. 
21. I recently learned that there exists additional correspondence between Mr. Epstein or his 
attorneys and the United States government that was not produced for some unknown 
reason. 
22. Specifically, I learned that there exists correspondence between Epstein attorney Lilly Ann 
Sanchez and former United States prosecutor Matthew Menchel as well as between Epstein 
attorney Ken Starr and various government attorneys and/or supervisors. 
I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. 
FURTHER AFFIANT SAYETH NAUGHT. 
Dated this 11th day of November, 2010. 
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged befor 
2010 by BRAD EDWARDS, who is personally known to me 
NOT~RY PUBLI 
Printe,ame: ________ _ 
My Commission Expires: 
/f,,-:,.1,'rift, 
MARIA W. KEl.1.£HIAN 
/'A°\1 MY COMMISSION I DO 813393 
~~~,, 
EXPIRES: August 11, 2012 
,flf,,r,i 
8ondod ThN Nawy f'IA>lo lk,deMlff«t 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-20.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-21.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017-21.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-21   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 2
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos & Lehrman, P.L. 
PATH TO JUSTICE. COM 
Christopher E. Knight 
Fowler White Burnett PA 
Espirito Santo Plaza 
Fourteen Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, FL 33131-3302 
October 28, 2010 
Re: 
Withholding of Discoverable Materials in Jane Doe v. Epstein 
Dear Mr. Knight: 
I am writing on an urgent matter. I was recently informed that there are substantial 
materials that were not produced during discovery in the Jane Doe v. Epstein case, No. 9:08-CV-
80893 (S.D. Fla). 
I am writing to alert you to my concerns and to see if you have any 
explanation. 
As you know, in 2009 Jane Doe propounded (among others) three discovery requests to 
Epstein: 
Request No. 7: All discovery information obtained by you or your attorneys as a 
result of the exchange of discovery in the State criminal case against you or the 
Federal investigation against you. 
Request No. 9: Any documents or other evidentiary materials provided to local, 
state, or federal law enforcement investigators or local, state or federal 
prosecutors investigating your sexual activities with minors. 
Request No. 10: All correspondence between you and your attorneys and state or 
federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited to, letters to and 
from the States Attorney's office or any agents thereof). 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
954.524.2820 office 
954.524.2822 fax 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17-21   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 2
On June 30, 2010, after innumerable motions and continuances and delays, I finally 
received information responsive to that request by e-mail, totaling approximately 359 pages. 
Three of my clients settled their cases against Epstein shortly after receiving that information, 
believing that this was all the information that was subject to the discovery request (and also 
having filed a motion regarding redactions made in the materials and the absence of materials 
concerning correspondence with state prosecutors). 
Yesterday, I received a report from a reliable source that there was substantial additional 
correspondence between Epstein's attorneys and federal prosecutors -
information clearly 
covered by the discovery requests that was not produced. In particular, I was informed that there 
exists email correspondence between Matthew Menchel who was working at the United States 
Attorney's Office and Lilly Ann Sanchez, an Epstein attorney. Additionally, I was told that there 
exists a significant amount of correspondence between the United States Attorney's Office 
and/or other components of the Justice Department and Ken Starr, another Epstein attorney. 
I am writing to ask you whether the report I received is correct and, if so, why this 
information was not produced. My clients made significant financial decisions based, in part, on 
the fact that Epstein was not concealing other information responsive to discovery requests. 
Accordingly, they may have been seriously harmed if the report is correct. Before we proceed 
on this information that appears to be a clear obstruction of justice committed by Epstein and 
most likely several of his attorneys we wanted to hear your side of this story. 
If that 
correspondence was not turned over inadvertently then you have an ethical obligation to inform 
the Court of your client's mistake and to provide my office with the additional discovery to allow 
for my office to review those materials and determine whether my client was prejudiced by your 
client's failure to respond completely to our discovery requests and the Court's Order that 
compelled that production. 
Thank you in advance for your prompt response to this letter. 
Very truly yours, 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
~--~~ 
Bradley J. Edwards 
BJE:mwk 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017-21.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 017.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.  9:10-CV-81111-WPD 
M.J.,   
Plaintiff, 
Vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, and 
SARAH KELLEN,  
Defendants. 
_________________________________/ 
M.J.’S MOTION FOR PRESERVATION OF EVIDENCE RELATING TO 
CORRESPONCE WITH THE U.S. ATTORNEYS OFFICE. 
Plaintiff, M.J., hereby files this motion to have defendant Epstein ordered to 
preserve evidence – specifically (1) e-mail correspondence between Matthew Menchel 
at the United States Attorney’s Office and Lilly Ann Sanchez, an Epstein attorney, 
regarding Epstein’s plea negotiation over federal and state sex offenses, and (2) 
correspondence between the United States Attorney’s Office and Ken Starr, another 
Epstein attorney, regarding Epstein’s federal and state sex offenses and the 
prosecution or non-prosecution of such offenses.  In previous litigation in this Court, 
Epstein did not produce this correspondence, despite being under court order to do so.  
This gives rise to a reasonable inference that Epstein may be deliberately withholding 
this correspondence, possibly with the intent to deny its existence.  Accordingly, the 
Court should specifically order Epstein to preserve any such correspondence as 
possible evidence in M.J.’s case. 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 1 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
On July 20, 2009, plaintiff Jane Doe (a victim of Epstein’s sexual abuse similar to 
M.J.) filed a motion to compel production of various previously-requested documents, 
including discovery provided to Epstein by state and federal prosecutors in the criminal 
cases against him and correspondence between his criminal defense attorneys and 
state and federal prosecutors during the criminal investigation.  Case no. 9:08-cv-
80119, DE210.  (Exhibit 1)  Specifically, her motion sought production of the following: 
FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
Request No. 7:  All discovery information obtained by you or your 
attorneys as a result of the exchange of discovery in the State criminal 
case against you or the Federal investigation against you. 
Request No. 9:  Any documents or other evidentiary materials provided to 
local, state, or federal law enforcement investigators or local, state or 
federal prosecutors investigating your sexual activities with minors. 
Request No. 10:  All correspondence between you and your attorneys and 
state or federal law enforcement or prosecutors (includes, but not limited 
to, letters to and from the States Attorney’s office or any agents thereof). 
(DE210 at pp. 10-12 (emphases added)).  Epstein obtained an extension of time in 
which to respond and, two-and-a-half months later, on October 6, 2009, Epstein filed an 
objection to producing these items primarily on Fifth Amendment grounds (DE339).  
(Exhibit 2).  On October 16, 2009, Jane Doe promptly filed a reply in support of her 
motion (DE354). (Exhibit 3) On January 22, 2010, Jane Doe filed a notice that more 
than 90 days had elapsed since the filing of her motion (DE453).  (Exhibit 4) 
On February 4, 2010, the magistrate judge granted in part and denied in part 
Jane Doe’s motion to compel, specifically ruling that Epstein had to produce the 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 2 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
discovery provided to him by state and federal prosecutors and the requested 
correspondence, rejecting Fifth Amendment and other objections raised by Epstein.  
(case no. 9:08-cv-80119, DE462).  (Exhibit 5) The magistrate judge specifically granted 
requests 7, 9, and 10.  Id. at 10 (“Accordingly, Epstein is ordered to produce the 
documents subjects to these Requests [i.e., requests 7, 9, and 10] within ten (10) days 
from the date hereof.”).   
Epstein then filed for an extension of time in which to appeal (DE464),  (Exhibit 
6) which Jane Doe opposed on grounds of delay (DE465)  (Exhibit 7).  On February 11, 
2010, the Court granted in part and denied in part the extension of time, specifically 
warning Epstein that “[i]n the event that Magistrate Judge Johnson’s February 4, 2010 
Order is affirmed on appeal, Defendant will have three (3) business days from the date 
of this Court’s order to produce the documents at issue.”   (DE468)  (Exhibit 8).  
Epstein then ultimately filed his appeal/motion for reconsideration of the magistrate 
decision on February 26, 2010. (DE477)  (Exhibit 9).   On March 10, 2010, Jane Doe 
then filed her response in Opposition to Defendant’s Motion for reconsideration. (DE. 
485).  (Exhibit 10)   
On April 1, 2010, the magistrate judge rejected Epstein’s challenge, reaffirming 
his earlier order that “compelled production from state and federal prosecutors in the 
criminal case against him.”  (DE513).  (Exhibit 11) 
On May 6, 2010, the court held a status conference on the appeal (which also 
involved other consolidated cases raising similar appeals and issues).  The Court asked 
the parties to attempt to reach a resolution of issues surrounding Epstein’s net worth. 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 3 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
On May 12, 2010, Epstein filed a “Consolidated” Rule 4 Review and Appeal of 
Portions of the Magistrate Judge’s orders (DE545). (Exhibit 12) On May 27, 2010, Jane 
Doe filed a “protective” response to the consolidated reply, noting that she had 
previously responded to all of the arguments raised by the appeal and that the 
“consolidated” appeal did not require any new response from her (DE551).  (Exhibit 13) 
On Friday, June 25, 2010, this Court entered an order affirming the magistrate 
judge’s discovery orders in all respects (case no. 9:08-cv-80119-KAM, DE572) (Exhibit 
14) and, as it previously warned Epstein, requiring Epstein to produce the discovery 
materials within three business days.    
At this point, despite having had a year to assemble the requested discovery 
items and prepare for their production – and more than four months since the Court’s 
warning to be prepared to produce the documents on three days notice – Epstein began 
filing motions to restrict production.  On Monday evening, June 28, 2010, at 
approximately 5:11 p.m., Epstein filed a motion for a protective order regarding 
dissemination of the materials (case no. 9:09-cv-80893, DE170) (Exhibit 15). On 
Tuesday morning, June 29, 2010, at approximately 9:31 a.m., the Court summarily 
denied the motion (DE172) (Exhibit 16 – no actual written order).  Then, as the 
deadline for production drew even nearer, on Wednesday, June 30, 2010, at 
approximately 2:19 p.m., Epstein filed a motion for a right to redact tax returns that were 
being produced and informed the Court in his Motion that he was going to go ahead and 
only produce redacted tax returns (DE182).  (Exhibit 17)  Shortly thereafter, Epstein 
began transmitting redacted returns to Jane Doe’s counsel via email.  Acting with 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 4 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
impressive speed, at approximately 2:33 p.m., the Court summarily denied Epstein’s 
motion (DE183).  (Exhibit 18 – No actual written Order) 
Following these actions by the Court, late on June 30, 2010, defendant Epstein 
made his production of unredacted tax returns electronically to Jane Doe’s counsel.  
However, Epstein remarkably still failed to produce the correspondence he was required 
to produce in two critical ways.  First, Epstein did not produce any information he had 
obtained from the state during discovery of the criminal investigation against him.  
Indeed, because he had not (apparently in his view) obtained any federal discovery 
during the criminal investigation, he turned over nothing at all responsive to Jane Doe’s 
Requests No. 7 and No. 9.   And similarly, with regard to correspondence from the 
prosecutors, Epstein also produced only correspondence with federal prosecutors – not 
with state prosecutors. Of course, this significantly limited the production he made, as 
Epstein pled guilty to state sex charges rather than federal sex charges – leaving Jane 
Doe with no correspondence or discovery from the State. 
Second, with regard to his correspondence with federal prosecutors that he did 
produce, Epstein redacted anything coming from attorneys, leaving only the responses 
from the federal prosecutors.  The result is an often unintelligible mishmash of back-
and-forth emails, where only half of what is being said is disclosed.  It forced Jane Doe 
to read everything out of context and severely limits the utility of what was produced.   
On July 1, 2010, Jane Doe filed a motion seeking to have Epstein held in 
contempt and sanctioned for not properly producing discovery materials.  (DE-190 ). 
(Exhibit 19).  On July 6, 2010, Epstein settled his case against Jane Doe.  At that time, 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 5 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Jane Doe had correspondence primarily between Epstein attorney Jay Lefkowitz and 
federal prosecutors.  She had no correspondence between Epstein attorney Lilly Ann 
Sanchez and federal or state prosecutors; she likewise had no correspondence 
between Epstein attorney Ken Starr and federal or state prosecutors.   
Only recently was Bradley Edwards, Esq., informed that there exists e-mail 
correspondence between Matthew Menchel at the United States Attorney’s Office and 
Lilly Ann Sanchez, an Epstein attorney.  Additionally, he was told that there exists a 
significant amount of correspondence between the United States Attorney’s Office and 
Ken Starr, another Epstein attorney.  Declaration of Bradley J. Edwards, Esq., at 21-
22.  (Exhibit 20)  Edwards immediately sent a letter to Chris Knight, counsel for 
Epstein, inquiring about the existence of such correspondence that was not produced.  
(Exhibit 21).  Joseph Ackerman, another attorney for Jeffrey Epstein, did speak with 
Mr. Edwards about this correspondence and expressed that he did not feel an obligation 
or responsibility to attempt to confirm or deny the existence of the correspondence in 
question nor to produce any additional correspondence.   
LEGAL MEMORANDUM 
It is obvious from the procedural history recounted above that Epstein has gone 
to great lengths to avoid producing correspondence with prosecutors about his liability 
for committing sex offenses.  There also now exists a strong reason for believing that 
Epstein violated Judge Marra’s discovery orders in a case similar to this one by 
deliberately withholding evidence.  It is a matter of public discussion, for example, that 
Epstein hired attorney Ken Starr to help defend him against criminal sex offense 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 6 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
charges.  See Wikipedia Entry for Jeffrey Epstein, “Solicitation of Prostitution” (visited 
Oct. 30, 2010).  And yet Epstein did not produce any correspondence between Mr. Starr 
and federal prosecutors.  M.J.’s undersigned counsel has been informed that such 
correspondence exists.  Accordingly, Epstein should have produced it on June 30, 2010 
– but did not do so.   
When there is a good faith belief that evidence may be lost or destroyed, the 
Court has authority to order the preservation of such evidence.  See AT&T Mobility 
L.L.C. v. Dynamic Cellular Corp., 2008 WL 2139518 (S.D. Fla. May 7, 2008); Tracfone 
Wireless, Inc v. King Trading, Inc., 2008 WL 918243, at #1 (N.D. Tex. Mar. 13, 2008) 
(finding “a legitimate concern for the continuing existence and maintenance of the 
integrity of the evidence in question absent an order preserving the evidence.”).  The 
correspondence may be highly relevant M.J.’s claims, as it may indeed prove Epstein’s 
awareness of his guilt of sex offenses, as well as liability to many other girls beside M.J. 
– evidence that will be admissible in this case under Fed. R. of Evid. 415 as well as to 
prove punitive damages.  There should be no significant burden on Epstein, as the 
material in question is legal correspondence, presumably maintained in a standard file 
by a large and well-resourced law firm.  Epstein is also a billionaire, who can hardly be 
heard to complain about the financial burden that such an order might impose on him.  
Accordingly, the evidence should be ordered preserved.   
CONFERENCE WITH COUNSEL 
M.J.’s counsel has conferred with counsel for Epstein and was unable to reach 
an agreement as to this motion and understands Epstein to object to this motion.  
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 7 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
CONCLUSION 
The Court should order Epstein to preserve all evidence regarding (1) e-mail 
correspondence between Matthew Menchel at the United States Attorney’s Office and 
Lilly Ann Sanchez, an Epstein attorney, regarding Epstein’s plea negotiation over 
federal and state sex offenses, and (2) correspondence between the United States 
Attorney’s Office and Ken Starr, another Epstein attorney, regarding federal and state 
sex offenses committed by Epstein and the prosecution or non-prosecution of such 
offenses. 
Respectfully Submitted, 
DATED: November 11, 2010 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards              
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, 
JAFFE, 
WEISSING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on November 11, 2010 I electronically filed the 
foregoing document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF.  I also certify that the 
foregoing document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List 
in the manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated 
by CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those parties who are not 
authorized to receive electronically filed Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/ Bradley J. Edwards              
Bradley J. Edwards 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 8 of 9

                CASE NO:  08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
SERVICE LIST 
M.J. v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
lsanchez@fowler-white.com 
Christopher E. Knight 
cknight@fowler-white.com  
Helaine S. Goodner 
hgoodner@fowler-white.com 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT PA 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th
1395 Brickell Avenue 
 Floor 
Miami, FL  33131-3302 
Counsel for Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 17   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/11/2010   Page 9 of 9


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__017.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__018.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 018.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
CASE NO. 10-81111-CIV-DIMITROULEAS
M.J.,
Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH KELLEN,
Defendants.
_____________________________________/
ORDER REFERRING MOTION TO MAGISTRATE JUDGE
PURSUANT to 28 U.S.C. § 636 and the Magistrate Rules of the Local Rules of the
Southern District of Florida, the Renewed Motion of Defendant Jeffrey Epstein to Quash Service
of Process and Supporting Memorandum of Law [DE-14], in the above-captioned cause is hereby
REFERRED to United States Magistrate Judge Lurana S. Snow for appropriate disposition or
report and recommendation. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, Florida, this
12th day of November, 2010. 
Copies furnished to:
Counsel of record
Magistrate Judge Snow
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 18   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/12/2010   Page 1 of 1
United States District Judge 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__018.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__019.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 019.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
CASE NO. 10-81111-CIV-DIMITROULEAS
M.J.,
Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH KELLEN,
Defendants.
_____________________________________/
OMNIBUS ORDER REFERRING MOTIONS TO MAGISTRATE JUDGE
PURSUANT to 28 U.S.C. § 636 and the Magistrate Rules of the Local Rules of the
Southern District of Florida, M.J.’s Motion for a Protective Order Barring Direct or Indirect
Contact by Epstein [DE-16] and M.J.’s Motion for Preservation of Evidence Relating to
Correspondence with the U.S. Attorneys Office [DE-17], in the above-captioned cause are hereby
REFERRED to United States Magistrate Judge Lurana S. Snow for appropriate disposition or
report and recommendation. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, Florida, this
12th day of November, 2010. 
Copies furnished to:
Counsel of record
Magistrate Judge Snow
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 19   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/12/2010   Page 1 of 1


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__019.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__020-01.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 020-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 1 of 2
M.J., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:JO-cv-81111-WPD 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendant. 
------------------'/ 
SUPPLEMENTAL AFFIDAVIT OF RICHARD BARNETT 
I, Richard Barnett, being duly sworn, do depose and state as follows: 
1. 
I am over the age of 18, am otherwise competent to testify, and base the following 
on my personal knowledge. 
2. 
I am the property manager at 9 East 71 sL Street, New York, New York. 
3. 
I do not presently reside, nor have I ever resided, at 9 East 7lsL Street, New York, 
New York. 
5. 
On October 8, 2010, no individual resided at 9 East 71 sL Street, New York, New 
York. 
6. 
Jeffrey Epstein was not present at 9 East 71 st Street, New York, New York on 
October 8, 2010. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 2 of 2
Sworn and subscribed before me this '2..,'l.- day of 
fvt?~it1W , 2010 by Richard Barnett 
who is personally known to me or has produced ___________ as identification. 
ST ATE OF NEW YORK 
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES: 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__020-01.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__020.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 020.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 1 of 12
M.J., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
_______________ / 
REPLY IN SUPPORT OF RENEWED MOTION OF DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
TO QUASH SERVICE OF PROCESS, RESPONSE IN OPPOSITION TO PLAINTIFF'S 
MOTION FOR A HEARING TO PROVE FRAUD, TO PROVE PROPER SERVICE, TO 
OBTAIN SANCTIONS FOR EPSTEIN'S SUBMISSION OF A FRAUDULENT 
AFFIDAVIT, TO OBTAIN A WARNING FORBIDDING FURTHER OBSTRUCTIONS 
IN THE CASES, AND TO SET AN ACCELERATED SCHEDULE FOR 
DISCOVERY AND MOTION TO QUASH 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, by and through undersigned counsel, respectfully submits the 
following: 1) reply in support of Motion to Quash Service of Process (D.E.7) and Renewed Motion 
to Quash (D.E.14); 2) response to Plaintiffs Motion for a Hearing to Prove Fraud, to Prove Proper 
Service, to Obtain Sanctions for Epstein's Submission of a Fraudulent Affidavit, to Obtain a 
Warning Forbidding Further Obstructions in the Cases, and to Set an Accelerated Schedule for 
Discovery (D.E. 15); and 3) motion to strike impertinent portions of Plaintiffs response, and states 
as follows: 
I. INTRODUCTION 
Plaintiffs response to Mr. Epstein's motion and renewed motion to quash service of 
process attempts to distort the key issue before the Court with misstatements, misleading 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 2 of 12
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
assertions, and scurrilous, unfounded and irrelevant allegations designed solely to smear Mr. 
Epstein and poison the well. The narrow threshold issue is whether substitute service was made 
pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(2)(B); and not whether discovery misconduct occurred in prior 
litigation, as claimed by Plaintiff. Plaintiffs injection of unfounded and unproven charges of 
"obstruction of justice" because two witnesses refused to appear for depositions pushes the 
envelope of Rule 11, and should not be permitted. 
Plaintiffs bluster cannot obscure the fact that Plaintiff has not carried her burden of 
demonstrating that service of process was proper under Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(2)(B). Contrary to 
Plaintiffs contention, the issue is not whether "M. J. has left a copy of her complaint and other 
documents with someone at the home", which is all that Plaintiff alleges, or whether Mr. Epstein 
had actual notice (D.E. 15 at 12), but, rather, whether the suit papers were left with "someone of 
suitable age and discretion who resides" at 9 East 71st Street, New York. See Fed. R. Civ. P. 
4(e)(2)(B). In view of the fact that Plaintiff has failed to show that "Mark", the alleged recipient 
of the suit papers, was of suitable age and discretion and resided at 9 East 71 st Street, New York, 
Mr. Epstein's motion to quash should be granted. 
There is no need for the Court to hold an evidentiary hearing because Plaintiff has not made 
a prima facie showing that so-called "Mark" was "someone of suitable age and discretion who 
resides" at 9 East 71 st Street. The affidavit of Thomas Marsigliano provides no description of 
"Mark", including Mark's age, other than to state that Mark was a white Male. It provides no 
indication whatsoever that Mr. Marsigliano even made any attempt to, or did in fact, determine, the 
relationship of"Mark" to Mr. Epstein or 9 East 71 st Street, or whether "Mark" resided at 9 East 71 st 
Street before allegedly delivering suit papers to "Mark". Accordingly, there is no factual dispute 
-2-

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 3 of 12
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
and no need for an evidentiary hearing, particularly when the evidence indicates that no one 
resided on the premises on October 8, 2010. Assuming arguendo that the Court were to conduct 
an evidentiary hearing, there is certainly no need and indeed no valid reason for Mr. Epstein, who 
did not submit an affidavit, to testify. 
The Court should also deny Plaintiffs motion for Rule 11 sanctions based upon the 
submission of an allegedly fraudulent affidavit by Mr. Barnett. Plaintiff has not offered any 
probative evidence of fraud, relying solely on caustic rhetoric. Moreover, Plaintiff has violated the 
mandatory safe harbor requirements of Fed. R. Civ. P. 11, which violations require denial of her 
motion. 
In addition, Plaintiff has not demonstrated that the Court should establish an "expedited 
schedule" and cannot point to any exigent circumstances. Mr. Epstein's financial standing does 
not eradicate due process or the requirements of Fed. R. Civ. P 26(f), as set forth in this Court's 
Order Requiring Counsel to Meet, File Joint Scheduling Report and Joint Discovery Report. (D.E. 
4) 
Finally, the Court should enter an Order striking all portions of Plaintiffs response, 
including the affidavit of Plaintiffs counsel, Brad Edwards, which allege, argue and purport to 
show an "obstruction of justice" in prior litigation. Such matters are patently irrelevant to the 
threshold issue of service of process in the instant case, are intended solely to smear Mr. Epstein 
and are unduly prejudicial. 
II. BACKGROUND 
1. 
Plaintiff claims that Mr. Epstein was served on October 8, 2010. Defendant filed a 
Motion to Quash Service of Process on October 29, 2010 (D.E.7), and a renewed motion to quash 
-3-

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 4 of 12
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
on November 10, 2010. (D.E. 14) Plaintiff filed a response on November 11, 2010. (D.E. 15). 
2. 
The Proof of Service filed by Plaintiff (D.E. 11) states that the process server left 
the summons at Mr. Epstein's 
residence or usual place of abode with Mark, a 
person of suitable age and discretion who resides 
there, on Oct. 8, 20 I 0, and mailed a copy to the 
individual's last known address; 
The Proof of Service does not identify "Mark" or state that he is a caretaker ( as alleged by 
Plaintiff). (Id.). 
3. 
Thomas Marsigliano, the process server, stated in an affidavit dated November 5, 
2010, that on October 8, 2010, he knocked on the front door of 9 East 71 st Street, New York; a 
person named "Mark" opened the door and took the suit papers from him; and "Mark" appeared to 
have authority to accept service. (D.E. 15-2, '11'115 and 6). 
Mr. Marsigliano provided no 
description of"Mark" in his affidavit, other than to describe "Mark" as a white male. Nor did Mr. 
Marsigliano provide any indication whatsoever in his affidavit that "Mark" specifically advised 
Mr. Marsigliano or that Mr. Marsigliano specifically inquired of "Mark" as to any relationship 
between "Mark" and Mr. Epstein or between "Mark" and 9 East 71 st Street. According to Mr. 
Marsigliano's affidavit, based on a brief encounter with "Mark," without ever making any specific 
inquiries, and on Mr. Marsigliano's "observations," alone, it was somehow "obvious" to Mr. 
Marsigliano that ""Mark" was familiar with Jeffrey Epstein, had authority to answer the door of 
Mr. Epstein's residence and accept service for Mr. Epstein." Most importantly, Mr. Marsigliano 
provided no indication whatsoever in his affidavit that he asked, was told or even made any 
attempt to determine that "Mark" resided at 9 East 71 st Street, New York, New York. (Id.). Nor 
did Mr. Marsigliano state the time of day that he allegedly delivered the papers to "Mark". (Id.) 
-4-

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 5 of 12
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
4. 
Plaintiff has not submitted any evidence that "Mark" resided at 9 East 71 st Street, 
New York, New York or, indeed, that anyone else resided at that address on October 8, 2010. 
5. 
Richard Barnett, the property manager at 9 East 71 st Street, did not reside, and has 
never resided, at 9 East 71st Street. (Ex. A). On October 8, 2010, no individual resided at that 
address. (Id.). Mr. Epstein was not present at 9 East 71 st Street on October 8, 2010. (Id.). 
6. 
Plaintiff asserts that "Epstein's counsel admit they have received proof of service 
from Mr. Marsigliano attesting that he left M.J. 's complaint with the caretaker at Epstein's 
residence or usual place of abode." (D.E. 15 at p. 11 ). This assertion is false. Defendant has 
never admitted that the proof of service states that Mr. Marsigliano left the Summons and 
Complaint with "the caretaker" and, more importantly, Mr. Marsigliano, himself, has never 
attested to leaving the papers with a "caretaker." 
7. 
Plaintiff asserts that "Epstein concedes the materials were left at his "vacation 
home." (Id.) This assertion is misleading. Mr. Barnett's affidavit states only that the suit papers 
were discovered in the mailbox at 9 East 71 st Street, New York, New York. (D.E. 7) 
8. 
Paragraphs 14-22 of Plaintiffs "Factual Background" contain allegations 
regarding a "Pattern of Obstruction in Other Similar Cases Against Him," based largely on the 
affidavit of Brad Edwards, Plaintiffs counsel, submitted in the instant case. (See D.E. 15, ,r,r 
14-22 and D.E. 15-1). As set forth below, these allegations, as well as Mr. Edwards' affidavit in 
support of same, a purported "message" to Mr. Epstein, and a Motion for an Order to Show Cause 
in another case (D.E. 15-1, D.E. 15-3 and D.E.- 4 respectively) should all be stricken. They 
pertain to witnesses and depositions in prior litigation, are entirely irrelevant to the motion to 
quash, and were filed for an improper purpose. 
-5-

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 6 of 12
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
III. ARGUMENT 
A. PLAINTIFF DID NOT EFFECT SUBSTITUTE SERVICE 
ON MR. EPSTEIN PURSUANT TO FED. R. CIV. P. 4(e)(2)(B) 
AND HAS NOT CARRIED HER BURDEN OF PROVING 
THAT THERE WAS VALID SERVICE 
Plaintiff has tacitly conceded that no service was made on Mr. Epstein in New York 
pursuant to Florida or New York law.1 Plaintiff has not carried her burden of establishing that 
service was effected on Mr. Epstein pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(2)(B), which permits 
substitute service only if the Summons and Complaint are left at the defendant's "dwelling or usual 
place of abode with someone of suitable age and discretion who resides there." (Emphasis added) 
See, e.g., Trovarello v. McMonagle, 1998 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 18529, at *4 (E.D. Pa. Nov. 16, 1998) 
("Once the sufficiency of service of process is challenged, the party on whose service was made 
bears the burden of establishing the validity of service."). 
Although Plaintiff claims that service was proper merely because the papers were left with 
an individual named "Mark" at Mr. Epstein's house (D.E. 15 at 12), Plaintiff has not carried her 
burden of making a prima facie showing that the suit papers were left with someone of suitable age 
and discretion who resided at 9 East 71 st Street on October 8, 2010, as clearly required by Rule 
4(a)(2)(B). 
Significantly, Plaintiff's response, and the November 5, 2010 affidavit of Mr. 
Marsigliano, are totally silent on this essential requirement. Plaintiffs failure to submit any 
probative evidence that "Mark" or anyone else resided at 9 East 71st Street on October 8, 2010, 
alone requires that service of process be quashed. This conclusion is further supported by the 
supplemental affidavit of Mr. Barnett in which he stated that on October 8, 2010, no one resided at 
1Plaintiffhas not refuted Mr. Epstein's argument that service was not effected pursuant to 
Florida or New York law. Accordingly, the only issue on the table, as Plaintiff has conceded, is 
whether substitute service was effected pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(e)(2)(B). (See D.E. 15, ,r 8). 
-6-

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 7 of 12
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
Mr. Epstein's vacation home in New York. Given the fact that no one resided at 9 East 71 st Street 
on the date on question, service of process must be quashed. See, e.g., Trovarello, 1998 U.S. Dist. 
LEXIS 18529, at *2-3 ("Numerous cases make clear that when service is made by leaving copies 
of the summons and complaint "with some person of suitable age and discretion then residing 
therein," the person with whom the papers are left must actually be a resident of defendant's home, 
and not merely present at the time of service."); Hardy v. Kaszycki & Sons Contractors, Inc., 842 
F. Supp. 713, 717 (S.D.N.Y. 1993)(service on recipient under former Rule 4(d)(l)(now Rule 4(e)) 
was insufficient where nothing indicated that recipient resided in defendant's apartment); Franklin 
America, Inc. v. Franklin Cast Prods., Inc., 94 F.R.D. 645, 647 (E.D. Mich. 1982) (Rule 4(d)(l) 
requires the recipient to live in the same place as the party to be served). 
As in Trovallero, in which service was quashed where the plaintiff presented "no 
evidence that Maureen was a resident of Defendant McAleer' s home or an adult person in charge 
who could accept service of process on his behalf," 1998 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 18529, at *5, service of 
process in the instant case is likewise invalid because Plaintiff has not presented evidence of 
"Mark's" age, or his relationship to Mr. Epstein or 9 East 71 st Street, New York, New York, or that 
"Mark" was a resident of 9 East 71 st Street, New York, New York. 
B. 
THERE IS NO NEED TO HOLD AN EVIDENTIARY 
HEARING 
Plaintiff argues (D .E. 15 at 9-10) that an evidentiary hearing is necessary to resolve a 
factual dispute as to whether a representative of Mr. Epstein was served, and seeks permission to 
question Mr. Marsigliano, Mr. Barnett and Mr. Epstein at the hearing. 
Defendant submits that 
no evidentiary hearing is necessary because, as previously demonstrated, Plaintiff has not made a 
prima facie showing that Mr. Marsigliano served a person of suitable age and discretion who 
-7-

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 8 of 12
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
resided at 9 East 71 st Street, New York. Absent a factual dispute, there is no need for an 
evidentiary hearing. 
Should the Court conclude that an evidentiary hearing is required, then there is certainly no 
reason to require Mr. Epstein to testify at such a hearing. Mr. Epstein has not submitted an 
affidavit in this case and Plaintiff has not shown any legitimate reason for him to testify at a 
hearing on service of process. Plaintiff's baseless contention (D.E. 15 at 10) that Mr. Epstein 
should be permitted to testify to his involvement in "orchestrating" a false statement by Mr. 
Barnett demonstrates the outrageous lengths to which Plaintiff will go to poison the well and 
attempt to deflect the Court's attention from the substantive service issues. Unsubstantiated 
allegations regarding witnesses or discovery conduct in prior proceedings not involving this 
Plaintiff are patently irrelevant to the issues presented here. Moreover, evidence of other "crimes, 
wrongs, or acts is not admissible to prove the character of a person in order to show action in 
conformity therewith." Fed. R. Evid. 404(b ). Plaintiff should not be permitted to examine Mr. 
Epstein at an evidentiary hearing in order to inject collateral and highly impertinent matters. 
C. 
ACTUAL 
NOTICE 
DOES 
NOT 
OBVIATE 
COMPLIANCE WITH FED. R. CIV. P. 4 
Although Plaintiff contends that Rule 4 should be liberally construed when there has been 
actual notice (D.E. 15 at 12), Plaintiff cites no case which holds that service is deemed proper 
under Rule 4(a)(2)(B) absent proof that the suit papers were delivered to an individual of suitable 
age and discretion residing at the defendant's house, as explicitly required by the rule. This is not 
a matter of mere technical non-compliance. Actual notice cannot be used to override the basic 
requirements of Rule 4( e )(2)(B). As the Eleventh Circuit has noted, "actual notice of a suit does 
not dispose of the requirements of service of process." Jackson v. Warden, FCC Coleman-USP, 
-8-

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 9 of 12
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
259 Fed. Appx 181, 182 n.2 (11th Cir. 2007). See also Precision Etchings & Findings v. LGP 
Gem, 953 F.2d 21, 24 (1st Cir. 1992)("The federal courts have made it abundantly clear that actual 
notice itself, without more, is insufficient to satisfy the requirements of Fed. R. Civ. P. 
4(d)(l))(now 4(e)(2)(B)"). 
D. 
NO BASIS FOR IMPOSING SANCTIONS ON MR. 
EPSTEIN 
Citing Fed. R. Civ. P 11, Plaintiff seeks to impose sanctions on Mr Epstein on the ground 
that he is responsible for the filing of a knowingly false affidavit by Mr. Barnett. Plaintiffs 
baseless motion for sanctions is improper, if not itself sanctionable. Plaintiff has not offered even 
a scintilla of evidence that Mr. Barnett submitted a knowingly false affidavit, and has levied such 
scurrilous charges merely to harass Mr. Epstein and obfuscate the issues. 
In addition, Plaintiff has violated Fed. R. Civ. P. 1 l(c)(2) by not filing a separate motion 
for sanctions after giving the Defendant twenty-one (21) days in which to respond to the 
allegations. Non-compliance with the mandatory safe harbor provisions of Rule 11 mandates 
denial of the motion. See, e.g., Olmsted v. Defosset, 205 F. Supp. 2d 1316, 1334 (M.D. Fla. 
2002). 
Accordingly, Plaintiffs motion for sanctions should be stricken or denied. 
E. 
NO EXPEDITED SCHEDULE IS NEEDED 
Plaintiff has offered no valid reason for expediting the proceedings in this case. There are 
no exigent circumstances which justify an accelerated schedule. The Court should address 
scheduling matters after review of the parties Joint Scheduling Report. 
-9-

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 10 of 12
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
IV. 
THE COURT SHOULD STRIKE PARAGRAPHS 14-22 
OF PLAINTIFF'S RESPONSE AND EXHIBITS 1,3 AND 4 
THERETO 
Mr. Epstein hereby moves to strike paragraphs 14-22 of the "Factual Background" of 
Plaintiffs response, as well as Exhibits 1, 3 and 4 thereto (see D.E. 15 at pp. 6-9, D.E.15- 1, 3 and 
4) on the grounds that Plaintiffs allegations, the affidavit from Plaintiffs counsel pertaining to 
witnesses and depositions in prior litigation involving Mr. Epstein, and Motion for Order to Show 
Cause submitted in prior litigation were submitted in the instant case solely to harass the 
Defendant and create a tempest in a teapot.2 Conduct involving two witnesses in prior litigation, 
neither of whom is Richard Barnett, is patently irrelevant to the narrow, threshold issue of whether 
substitute service was properly made in the instant case, and should not be considered by the 
Court.3 Accordingly, Defendant's motion to strike should be granted. 
V. CONCLUSION 
WHEREFORE, Defendant Jeffrey Epstein respectfully requests that service of process be 
quashed, that Plaintiff's motion be denied in all respects, that portions of Plaintiff's response be 
stricken as set forth hereinabove, and that the Court grant such other and further relief as deemed 
necessary and proper. 
2Plaintiff s counsel, Brad Edwards, submitted his own two-page single-spaced affidavit in 
which he stated inter alia that: 1) in prior litigation two business associates and friends of Mr. 
Epstein allegedly avoided having their depositions taken; 2) in prior litigation, Mr. Epstein 
allegedly invoked his right against self-incrimination; and 3) in prior litigation, Mr. Epstein 
allegedly failed to produce certain correspondence with the United States government. (See D.E. 
15-1). It is impossible to fathom how any of this is even remotely relevant to the issue of whether 
substitute service was properly made on Mr. Epstein in the instant case. 
3Should the Court not strike these portions of Plaintiffs submission with respect to alleged 
misconduct in prior litigation, Mr. Epstein would request an opportunity to respond to the 
allegations on the merits. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 11 of 12
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Fla. Bar No. 195677 
las@fowler-white.com 
Christopher E. Knight 
Fla. Bar No. 607363 
cknight@fowler-white.com 
Helaine S. Goodner 
Fla. Bar No. 462111 
hgoodner@fowler-white.com 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131-3302 
Telephone: (305) 789-9200 
Facsimile: (305) 789-9201 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on November 22, 2010, I electronically filed the foregoing document 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being 
served this day on all counsel of record or pro se parties identified on the attached Service List in 
the manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are not authorized to 
receive electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Fla. Bar No195677 
-11-

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 20   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/22/2010   Page 12 of 12
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
SERVICE LIST 
M.J. v. Epstein 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Bradley J. Edwards 
brad@pathtojustice.com 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards 
Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone: (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile: (954) 524-2822 
Attorneys for PlaintiffM.J. 
Served via CM/ECF 
-12-


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__020.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__022.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 022.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 22   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/23/2010   Page 1 of 4
• , ~FILIN 
~AID 
't]),Jtl 
r"" ------------
pro hoc rCL,,J 
-ffr 7 2,J_ 
vice 
f"'' 
--=s~te,.;,.v_e_n -:-M=-. -:-La-r-:-im-o-re....;,-c"""1-er_k_ 
M.J., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendants. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 9:10-CV-81111-WPD 
I 
-------------
MOTION FOR LIMITED APPEARANCE, CONSENT TO 
DESIGNATION AND REQUEST TO ELECTRONICALLY RECEIVE 
NOTICES OF ELECTRONIC FILING 
In accordance with Local Rules 4.B of the Special Rules Governing the Admission and 
Practice of Attorneys of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, the 
undersigned respectfully moves for the admission of Paul G. Cassell, Esquire, for purposes oflimited 
appearance as co-counsel on behalf ofM.J., herein, in the above-styled case only, and pursuant to 
Rule 2B, Southern District of Florida, CM/ECF Administrative Procedures, to permit Paul G. Cassell 
to receive electronic filings in this case, and in support thereof states as follows: 
1. 
While Paul G. Cassell Esquire, is not admitted to practice in the Southern District 
of Florida, he is a member in good standing of the Utah State Bar and the bar of the U.S. District 
Court for the District of Utah. 
2. 
Movant, Brad Edwards, Esquire, of the law firm of Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, 
Fistos & Lehrman, LLP, is a member in good standing of the The Florida Bar and the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of Florida, maintains an office in this State for the practice of 
law, and hasfiled the appropriate application to be authorized to file through the Courts electronic 
filing system. Movant consents to be designated as a member of the Bar of this Court with whom the 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 22   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/23/2010   Page 2 of 4
Court and opposing counsel may readily communicate regarding the conduct of the case, upon whom 
filings shall be served, who shall be required to electronically file all documents and things that may 
be filed electronically, and who shall be responsible for filing documents in compliance with the 
CM/ECF Administrative Procedures. See Section 2B of the CM/ECF Administrative Procedures. 
3. 
In accordance with the local rules of this Court, Paul G. Cassell, Esquire, has made 
payment ( enclosed) of this Court's $75 admission fee. A certification in accordance with Rule 4B is 
attached hereto. 
4. 
Paul G. Cassell, Esquire, by and through designated counsel and pursuant to Section 
2B, Southern District of Florida, CM/ECF Administrative Procedures, hereby requests the Court to 
provide Notice of Electronic Filings to Paul G. Cassell, Esquire, at email address: 
cassellp(a;,law.utah.edu. 
WHEREFORE, Brad Edwards, Esquire, moves this Court to enter an Order permitting Paul 
G. Cassell to appear before this Court on behalf ofMJ, for all purposes relating to the proceedings in 
the above-styled matter and directing the Clerk to provide notice of electronic filings to Paul G. 
Cassell. 
DATED: November 23, 2010 
~@~v 
Bradley J. Edwards 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEIS SING, 
EDWARDS, FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 
E-mail: brad@pathtojustice.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 22   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/23/2010   Page 3 of 4
,.r M.J., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendants. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASENO.: 9:10-CV-81111-WPD 
I 
-------------
CERTIFICATION OF PAUL G. CASSELL, ESQ. 
Paul G. Cassell, Esquire, pursuant to Rule 4 B of the Special Rules Governing the Admission 
and Practice of Attorneys, hereby certifies that (I) I have studied the Local Rules of the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of Florida; and (2) I am a member in good standing of the 
Utah Bar and the bar for the U.S. District Court for the District of Utah. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 22   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/23/2010   Page 4 of 4
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on November 23, 2010 I filed foregoing Motion for Limited 
Appearance, Consent to Designation and Request to Electronically Receive Notices of Electronic 
Filings the foregoing document with the Clerk of the Court. I also certify that the foregoing 
document is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, 
via US Mail or in some other authorized manner. c:~ 
Bradley J. Edwards 
SERVICE LIST 
M.J. v. Jeffrey Epstein 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
lsanchez(a),fowler-white.com 
Christopher E. Knight 
cknight@fowler-white.com 
Helaine S. Goodner 
hgoodner(alfowler-white.com 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT PA 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, FL 33131-3302 
Counsel for Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__022.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__023-01.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 023-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 23-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/23/2010   Page 1 of 1
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 7.l(a)(3) 
The undersigned counsel certifies that, counsel for the Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, has 
conferred with Bradley Edwards, Esq., counsel for the Plaintiff, in a good faith effort to resolve the 
issues contained within the Defendant's Motion to Strike which is embedded within the Relief in 
Support of the Renewed Motion of Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, to Quash Service of Process, 
Response in Opposition to Plaintiffs Motion for a Hearing to Prove Fraud, to Prove Proper Service, 
t<;> Obtain Sanctions for Epstein's Submission of a Fraudulent Affidavit, To Obtain Warning 
Forbidding Further Obstructions in the Cases, and to Set an Accelerated Schedul~ for Discovery and 
Motion to Strike ( D.E. 20). 
s/Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__023-01.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__023.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 023.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 23   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/23/2010   Page 1 of 3
M.J., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
--~----------------'/ 
NOTICE OF FILING CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE WITH 
S.D. FLA. LOCAL RULE 7.1 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, hereby files the attached Local Rule 7 .1 Certification in 
connection with Reply in Support of Renewed Motion of Defendant Jeffrey Epstein to Quash 
Service of Process, Response in Opposition to Plaintiffs Motion for a Hearing to Prove Fraud, to 
Prove Proper Service, to Obtain Sanctions for Epstein's Submission of a Fraudulent Affidavit, to 
Obtain a Warning Forbidding Further Obstructions in the Cases, and to Set an Accelerated 
Schedule for Discovery and Motion to Strike D.E. 20. 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Fla. Bar No. 195677 
las@fowler-white.com 
Christopher E. Knight 
Fla. Bar No. 607363 
cknight@fowler-white.com 
Helaine S. Goodner 
Fla. Bar No. 462111 
hgoodner@fowler white.com 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 23   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/23/2010   Page 2 of 3
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th Floor 
1395 Brickell A venue 
Miami, Florida 33131-3302 
Telephone: (305) 789-9200 
Facsimile: (305) 789-9201 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on November 23, 2010, I electronically filed the foregoing document 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being 
served this day on all counsel of record or pro se parties identified on the attached Service List in 
the manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by 
CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are not authorized to 
receive electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Fla. Bar No195677 
-2-

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 23   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/23/2010   Page 3 of 3
SERVICE LIST 
M.J. v. Epstein 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WP 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Bradley J. Edwards 
brad@pathtojustice.com 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards 
Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone: (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile: (954) 524-2822 
Attorneys for Plaintiff M.J. 
Served via CM/ECF 
-3-


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__023.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__024.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 024.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
CASE NO. 10-81111-CIV-DIMITROULEAS
M.J.,
Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH KELLEN,
Defendants.
_____________________________________/
ORDER GRANTING MOTION FOR LIMITED APPEARANCE,
CONSENT TO DESIGNATION AND REQUEST TO ELECTRONICALLY 
RECEIVE NOTICES OF ELECTRONIC FILING
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon the Motion for Limited Appearance of Paul G.
Cassell, and Consent to Designation, requesting, pursuant to Rule 4B of the Special Rules
Governing the Admission and Practice of Attorneys in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of Florida, permission for a limited appearance of Paul G. Cassell in this matter
and request to electronically receive notices of electronic filings.  [DE-22].  This Court having
considered the motion and all other relevant factors, it is hereby
ORDERED and ADJUDGED that:
The Motion for Limited Appearance, Consent to Designation and Request to
Electronically Receive Notices of Electronic Filing [DE-22] is hereby GRANTED.  Paul G.
Cassell is granted to appear and participate in this action on behalf of Plaintiff.  The Clerk shall
provide electronic notification of all electronic filings to  Paul G. Cassell at
cassellp@law.utah.edu.
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 24   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/23/2010   Page 1 of 2

DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, Florida this
23rd day of November, 2010.
Copies furnished to:
Counsel of record
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 24   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/23/2010   Page 2 of 2
United States District Judge 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__024.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__025.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 025.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 25   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/29/2010   Page 1 of 4
M.J., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendant. 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
I 
DEFENDANT JEFFREY EPSTEIN'S UNOPPOSED MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF 
TIME TO RESPOND TO PLAINTIFF'S MOTION FOR A PROTECTIVE ORDER 
BARRING DIRECT OR INDIRECT CONTACT BY EPSTEIN AND MOTION FOR 
PRESERVATION OF EVIDENCE RELATING TO CORRESPONDENCE WITH U.S. 
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE 
Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, by and through undersigned counsel, respectfully moves for a ten 
(I 0) - day enlargement of time in which to respond to Plaintiffs Motion for a Protective Order 
Barring Direct or Indirect Contact by Epstein (D.E. 16) and Motion for Preservation of Evidence 
Relating to Correspondence with U.S. Attorney's Office (D.E. 17) and states as follows: 
1. 
On October 11, 2010, Plaintiff filed a Motion for a Protective Order Barring Direct 
or Indirect Contact by Epstein (D.E. 16) and a Motion for Preservation of Evidence Relating to 
Correspondence with U.S. Attorney's Office (D.E. 17). Defendant's response to the foregoing 
motions is presently due on November 29, 2010. 
2. 
The parties have recently been engaging in discussions to resolve the foregoing 
pending motions. 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 25   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/29/2010   Page 2 of 4
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
3. 
The parties require an additional ten (10) days in which to resolve all matters 
pertaining to the pending motions. 
4. 
In order to facilitate the resolution of the foregoing motions, and to avoid unnecessary 
attorney's fees and utilization of judicial resources, Defendant respectfully requests that this Court 
grant a I 0-day enlargement of time for Defendant to respond to the above-listed motions. 
5. 
Pursuant to Local Rule 7.1, counsel for Defendant has conferred with opposing 
counsel, Gary Farmer, who has graciously advised that Plaintiff has no objection to the extension 
requested herein. 
6. 
This enlargement is sought for the reasons stated and will not prejudice any party. 
WHEREFORE, Defendant Jeffrey Epstein respectfully requests that a 10-day enlargement 
of time be granted and that the Court grant such other and further relief as deemed necessary and 
proper. 
Respectfully submitted, 
s/Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Fla. Bar No. 195677 
las@fowler-white.com 
Christopher E. Knight 
Fla. Bar No. 607363 
cknight@fowler-white.com 
Helaine S. Goodner 
Fla. Bar No. 462111 
hgoodner@fowler-white.com 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th Floor 
1395 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131-3302 
Telephone: (305) 789-9200 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 25   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/29/2010   Page 3 of 4
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
Facsimile: (305) 789-9201 
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I hereby certify that on November 29, 2010, I electronically filed the foregoing document 
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being 
served this day on all counsel of record or pro se parties identified on the attached Service List in the 
manner specified, either via transmission ofNotices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or 
in some other authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are not authorized to receive 
electronically Notices of Electronic Filing. 
s/Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
Fla. Bar No. 195677 
-3-

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 25   Entered on FLSD Docket 11/29/2010   Page 4 of 4
SERVICE LIST 
M.J. v. Epstein 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Bradley J. Edwards 
brad@pathtoiustice.com 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards 
Fistos & Lehrman, PL 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone: (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile: (954) 524-2822 
Attorneys for Plaintiff M.J. 
Served via CM/ECF 
-4-


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__025.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__026.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 026.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
Case No. 10-81111-Civ-DIMITROULEAS/SNOW
M.J.,
Plaintiff,
v.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and
SARAH KELLEN,
Defendants.
__________________________________________/
ORDER
THIS CAUSE is before the Court on Defendant Jeffrey
Epstein’s Unopposed Motion for Extension of Time to Respond to
Plaintiff’s Motion for Protective Order Barring Direct Contact by
Epstein and Motion for Preservation of Evidence Relating to
Correspondence with U.S. Attorney’s Office (Docket Entry 25), which
was referred to United States Magistrate Judge Lurana S. Snow. 
With the Court being advised, it is hereby
ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the motion is GRANTED.   The
defendant’s responses shall be filed on or before December 13,
2010.
DONE AND ORDERED at Fort Lauderdale, Florida, this 6th
day of December, 2010.
Copies to:
All Counsel of Record
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 26   Entered on FLSD Docket 12/07/2010   Page 1 of 1
/ ~-yLL/ ,,d , ,Ll -U-U ) 
{ ... -L7j~ AS.SNOW 
UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__026.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__027-01.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 027-01.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.:  9:10-cv-81111 
M.J.,  
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendants. 
______________________________/ 
FINAL ORDER OF DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon the parties' Stipulation of Dismissal with 
Prejudice [DE ____], filed December 13, 2010.  The Court has reviewed the Stipulation, the 
pertinent portions of the record, and is otherwise advised in the premises. In accordance with the 
parties' Stipulation, it is ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: 
1. The above-styled action is hereby DISMISSED WITH PREJUDICE. 
2. All pending motions are DENIED AS MOOT. 
3. The Court shall retain jurisdiction to enforce the terms of the parties' settlement. 
4. The Clerk shall CLOSE THIS CASE. 
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, Florida this _ 
day of _______, 2010. 
WILLIAM P. DIMITROULEAS 
United States District Judge 
Copies Furnished to: 
All counsel of record 
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 27-1   Entered on FLSD Docket 12/13/2010   Page 1 of 1


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__027-01.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__027.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 027.pdf
----------------------------------------
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 27   Entered on FLSD Docket 12/13/2010   Page 1 of 2
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA 
CASE NO.: 9:10-cv-81111 
M.J., 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and 
SARAH KELLEN, 
Defendants. 
I 
------------
STIPULATION OF DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE 
Plaintiff, MJ, and Defendants, JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARA KELLEN, (collectively, 
"Parties"), by and through their undersigned counsel and pursuant to Rule 41 (A)(ii) of the 
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, hereby stipulate to the dismissal of this action with prejudice . 
. Each party shall bear their own attorney's fees and costs. The Parties further stipulate that the 
Court shall retain jurisdiction to enforce the terms of the Parties' settlement and order thereon. 
,:"2r-. 
Dated this~ day of December, 2010. 
Respectfully Submitted, 
.. FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. 
Attorneys for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14 TH Floor 
95 Brickell A venue 
Miami, FL 33131·3302 
Telephone: (305)789-9200 
Facsimile: (305)789-9201 
E-mail: c 
• ht fowler-white.com 
----C 
... . 
-·- ....... KNIGHX---
Florida Bar No.: 607363 
FARMER, JAFFE, WEISSING, EDWARDS, 
FISTOS & LEHRMAN, P.L. 
Attorneys for MJ 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Telephone (954) 524-2820 
Facsimile (954) 524-2822 
E-mail: brad 
athto'ustice 
BRADLEY J. EDWARDS 
Florida Bar No.: 542075 

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 27   Entered on FLSD Docket 12/13/2010   Page 2 of 2
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on /£/3 , 2010 I electronically filed the foregoing 
document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document 
is being served this day on all parties on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either 
via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other 
authorized manner for those parties who are not authorized to receive electronically filed Notices 
of Electronic Filing. 
, 
M.J. v. Jeffrey Epstein 
Respectfully Submitted, 
By: Isl Bradley J. Edwards 
Bradley J. Edwards 
SERVICE LIST 
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida 
Lilly Ann Sanchez 
• lsanchez@fowler-white.com 
Christopher E. Knight 
cknight@fowler-white.com 
Helaine S. Goodner 
hgoodner@fowler-white.com 
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT PA 
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th Floor 
95 Brickell A venue 
Miami, FL 33131-3302 
Counsel for Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein 
Paul G. Cassell, Esq. 
Pro Hae Vice 
332 South 1400 E, Room 101 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
801-585-5202 
. 801-585~6833 Fax 
• cassellp@law.utah.edu 
Co-counsel for Plaintiff . 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__027.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__028.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)
METADATA_FILENAME: 028.pdf
----------------------------------------
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
CASE NO. 10-81111-CIV-DIMITROULEAS
M.J.,
Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH KELLEN,
Defendants.
_____________________________________/
FINAL ORDER OF DISMISSAL
THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon the Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice [DE-
27], filed herein on December 13, 2010.  The Court has carefully considered the Stipulation and
is otherwise fully advised in the premises.
Accordingly, it is ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows:
1.
The Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice [DE-27] is hereby APPROVED;
2.
This action is hereby DISMISSED with prejudice, with each party to bear its
own attorneys’ fees and costs.  The Court shall retain jurisdiction to enforce the
terms of the parties’ settlement;
3.
The Clerk shall CLOSE this case and DENY all pending motions as moot.
DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, Florida, this
14th day of December, 2010.
Copies furnished to:
Counsel of Record
Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD   Document 28   Entered on FLSD Docket 12/14/2010   Page 1 of 1
1,>j1
• ,k
~ 
,-
J / 
~ 
~- ~--; 
J:,7 
,~ -
u~ 4ft£-~~::/ 
DIMITRcfuLEAS 
United States District Judge 


==================== END OF Court Records__MJ v. Epstein, No. 910-cv-81111 (S.D. Fla. 2010)__028.txt ====================
