

==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.03.12 Civil Complaint.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.03.12 Civil Complaint.pdf
----------------------------------------
.I 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
CIVIL CASE NO.: ~ 
... ;t)_.cv'-/56 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
TH E ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
RICHARD 
D. KAHN, 
in 
his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF TH E ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEI , and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company. 
Defendants. 
COMPLAI NT 
(,/) 
C: 
-u 
:-r' 
:::c 
;o 
('") 
C: 
:::0 
-I 
r-j :::u 
C::> 
:J: I' 
:.::-
:::0 
r
~ 
:l> < 
:JI: 
CD 
fT' 
s:-
C 
~-
Plaintiff GHISLAINE MAXWELL ("Maxwell"), through her undersigned attorneys. by 
\\·a) of her Complaint against Delendants ESTA/ f::, OF JU FREY I~. LPSTEIN (the "Estate"). 
DARRFN K. INDYKE. in his capacity as Executor of the [STA.I [ 01· Jf-.l·FREY E. EPSTEIN 
("lndyke"). RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as Executor of the 1-.S1 ATE-: OF JEFFREY E. 
EPS f'U N ("Kahn'"), and NES. LLC, a New York Lim ited Liabilit) Company ( .. NES, LLC"), 
alleges as follows: 
NATURE OF THIS ACTION 
l. 
This is an action for indemnification for and advancement of the attorneys· fees. 
security costs, costs to find safe accommodation, and all other expenses Maxwell has reasonably 
incurred and ,viii incur by reason of her prior employment relationship with Jeffrey E. Epstein 
(''Epstein") and his affiliated businesses in connection with any threatened, pending, or completed 

CIVIL CASE NO.: __ 
_ 
Page 2 of JO 
suit, proceeding, or investigation relating to Epstein, his affiliated businesses, and his alleged 
victims. 
PARTIES AND JURISDICTION 
2. 
Plaintiff Ghislaine Maxwell is an adult citizen of the United States. 
3. 
Jeffrey E. Epstein was a resident of the Virgin Islands. The Estate of Jeffrey E. 
Epstein was created following Epstein's death and is domiciled in the Virgin Islands. 
4. 
Defendant Darren K. lndyke is an Executor of the 'Estate. 
5. 
Defendant Richard D. Kahn is an Executor of the Estate. 
6. 
Defendant NES, LLC. is a limited liability company organized under the laws of the 
State of New York on or about August 13. 1998. 
7. 
This Court has jurisdiction over thi'i matter pursuant to 4 V.I.C. * 76. 
8. 
Pursuant to 4 V.1.C. § 78, v1:nue properl) lie:. in the United States Virgin Islands. and 
in the Division of St. Thomas and St. John. 
FACTUAL ALLF.GATJO~S 
9. 
From approximately l 999 through at least 2006. i\laxwc\l was employed by Ep:.tcin 
indi\'iclually. and by several of his affiliated busines~e.,. including. but not limited to. the C.O.U.Q. 
F0t111dation. NES LLC. New York Strategy Group. JEGE LLC. JEGE Inc .. and LSJ. LLC. 
10. 
While under Epstein's employ. \tlaxwell \\as responsible for managing Epstein·s 
properties. including properties located in New York. Paris, Florida. New Mexico. and the U.S. 
Virgin Islands. 
11. 
During the course of their relationship, including while Maxwell was in Epstein's 
employ, Epstein promised Maxwell that he would support her financially. 

CIVIL CASE NO.: -----
Page 3 of IO 
12. 
Epstein made these promises to Maxwell repeatedly, both in writing and in 
conversation. 
13. 
Epstein restated these promises when Maxwell was in the process of leaving 
Epstein's employ to start a new business of her own. 
14. 
Epstein assured Maxwell that even if her business ventures failed he would support 
her financially. 
15. 
In approximately 200 I. Maxwell began transitioning to a more limited employment 
role for Epstein and his affiliated businesses. 
In approximately 2004, Maxwell received a 
typewritten letter from Epstein with a handwritten note asking Maxwell to remain in Epstein's 
employ and pro111ising that no matter what Maxwell chose to do, Epstein would always support 
Maxwell financially. 
16. 
Sometime thereaf'ter. Epstein pleaded guilty in a I· lorida stme proceeding to ,1 d ony 
charge of ~olicit,Hi,ln ofpro~titution invoh·ing a rni1Hir. 
17. 
Since the lime of Cpstein'~ FloriJa ,tale proceeJing to the present. l'vlaxwcll ha~ 
incurred legal fees and expenses in 1.:on11ection with various suits, proceedings. and invcstigatiom 
relating to Epstein, hi~ affiliated busincs::.<:s. and his alleged victims. 
18. 
Consistent with his repeated promises, Epstein indemnified !'vlaxwell and advanced 
lt:gal fees and settlement costs when they \\ ere incurred in connection with a lawsuit ti led by Sarah 
Ransome against Epstein in 201 7 (Jone Doe .:/3 v. E'pstein. et al .. 17-cv-00616-JGK). 
19. 
Consistent with his repeated promises, Epstein also paid Maxwell's legal bills 
incurred in connection with a civil suit tiled by Virginia Roberts against Epstein in 2009. 

CIVIL CASE NO.: -----,-
Page 4 of 10 
20. 
Epstein's promise is further evidenced by the fact that Epstein indemnified and 
advanced legal fees and expenses for a number of other employees in other various lawsuits relating 
to Epstein, his affiliated businesses, and his alleged victims. 
21. 
lndyke, in his capacity as an Executor of the Estate, also made assurances to 
Maxwell that Maxwell's legal fees and obligations would be reimbursed by Epstein and the Estate, 
and that Maxwell's legal foes and expenses would be paid going forward. 
22. 
lndyke told Maxwell that her legal fees would be paid because she would not have 
incurred any legal expenses but for Epstein·s alleged misconduct, and that Epstein's promises 
would be honored. 
23. 
Epstein was found dead on August I 0, 2019 in New York. 
24. 
On August 15. 2019. lndyke and Kahn filed a petition for probate of Epstein' s last 
wi ll and testament with the Probate Di\'ision of the Superior Court of the Virghl Islands. Div b ion of' 
St. Thomas and <;t. John. 
25. 
Ma:rncll has incurred and will continue to mcur significant legal lees. personal 
security costs, and other costs in connection with legal suits. proceeding~. and investigation!:> 
relating to Epstein, his affiliated businesses. and his alleged victims. 
26. 
Maxwell receives regular threats to her life and safety. which have required her to 
hire personal securil) ser\'ices and find safe acco111111odation. 
27. 
Maxwell is entitled to indemnit1cation and ad\'ancemcnt of expenses incurred by 
reason of her employment relationship with Epstein and his affi liated businesses. including 
attorneys· fees, as \-Veil as security costs and costs of finding safe accommodation, all of which are 
ongoing. extensive, and directly related to the pending suits, proceedings. and investigations 

CIVIL CASE NO.: _
_ 
_ 
Page 5 of 10 
concerning Epstein's alleged misconduct. These expenses will be ongoing due to the extensive 
global coverage and interest in these events and proceedings. 
28. 
By letter dated November 22, 2019. Maxwell submitted a claim to the Estate, 
addressed to lndyke and Kahn, requesting that the Estate honor its obligation to provide 
indemnification as requested in this action. 
29. 
The Estate has not honored or even formally responded to Maxwell's claim. 
30. 
Maxwell was compelled to file this Complaint because the Estate has not honored 
her claim for indemnification as requested in this action. 
31. 
Given that Maxwell was forced to seek judicial intervention to vindicate her right to 
. 
. 
. 
indemnification by the Estate, she is entitled to recover the reasonable lees incurred in this action to 
vindicate that right. 
CAUSES OF ACTION 
COUNT ON[ 
Indemnification (Promissorv Estoppcl / Contractual ) 
32. 
Plaintiff repeats and realleges the foregoing allegation~ of this Complaint as though 
fully set forth herein. 
33. 
On more than one occasion, Epstein made a clear and unambiguous promise to 
Maxwell that he would indemnify Maxwell and advance an) expenses incurred by reason of her 
prior employment relationship with him and his affiliated businesses. 
34. 
Maxwell reasonably and justifiably relied on Epstein·s promises and put her trust in 
Epstein that he would fulfill his promises. 
35. 
As such, Maxv,:ell elected to leave Epstein ·s employ to pursue her own business 
ventures because she trusted that Epstein would continue to suppo1t her financially. 

CIVIL CASE NO.: -----
Page 6 of 10 
36. 
The Estate has failed to uphold Epstein's promise to indemnify and advance 
expenses incurred by reason of Maxwell's employment relationship with Epstein and his affiliated 
businesses. 
37. 
Maxwell's reliance on the Estate's pro1rnses was a substantial factor in causing 
Maxwell harm as alleged herein. 
38. 
For the foregoing reasons, Maxwell is entitled to indemnification and advancement 
from the Estate of expenses incurred by reason of her employment relationship with Epstein and his 
affi I iated businesses. 
COUNT TWO 
Indemnilication (Common Law) 
39. 
Plaintiff repeats and realleges the foregoing ullcgatiom of this Complaint as though 
l'ully set forth herein. 
-W 
The employment relationship between Maxwell and [pstein formed a legal and 
special relationship that give!> rise to a dut) 1.,11 the p,,rt or the E.<.tatc to indemnify Maxwell for any 
expense<; incurred by rec1.<,011 or Max,H:11's employment relationship,, ith Epstein and his affiliated 
businesses, 
. 
iVlaX\\•ell had no invo lvement in or knowledge of Epstein's alleged misconduct, but 
nonetheless has been required lo pay significant legal fees. personal security costs, and other 
expenses because the alleged events occurred while she was employed by Epstein and his affiliated 
businesses. 

CIVIL CASE NO.: ----
Page 7 of 10 
42. 
The 
suits, 
proceedings, 
and/or 
investigations 
for 
which 
Maxwell 
seeks 
indemnification were instituted against Maxwell solely because she was an employee of Epstein and 
his affiliated businesses. 
43. 
Maxwell incurred these legal fees and expenses as a direct result of Epstein's acts 
and/or omissions. 
44. 
For the foregoing reasons, Maxwell is entitled to indemnification and advancement 
from the Estate of expenses incurred by reason of her employment relationship with Epstein and his 
affiliated businesses. 
COUNT THREE 
Indemnification (N[S. LLC and Other Entities) 
45. 
Plaintiff repeats and realleges the foregoing allegations of this Complaint a~ though 
fu I ly set forth herein. 
46. 
Maxwell was employed as a manager by NES. LLC. 
47. 
Upon information and bel ief. the corporate l)rganizational documents for NES. LLC 
.:mitlc Maxwell to mandatol') indemnification and advancement of legal fee~. personal securil) 
cosb, and other expenses incurred by reason of her cmplo)ment relationship \\ith NJ:,S, LI.C, 
including expenses incurred in connection with the pending suits. proceedings. and investigations 
concerning Epstein's alleged misconduct. 
48. 
Maxwell has incurred significant legal lees, personal ~ecurity costs. and other 
expenses by reason of her employment relationship with NES. LLC. 
49. 
Upon information and belief. as of September 2006. Defendant Kahn was the 
Comptroller of NES, LLC. 

CIVIL CASE NO.: - - --
Page 8 of JO 
50. 
By letter dated November 22, 2019, Maxwell requested indemnification from NES, 
LLC for the legal fees, personal security costs, and other expenses incurred by reason of her 
employment relationship with NES, LLC, among other entities, and never received a response. 
51. 
By the same letter dated November 22, 2019, Maxwell requested copies of 
documents setting forth applicable indemnification and/or advancement rights and policies, 
including any operating agreements for NES, LLC, and never received a response. 
52. 
Maxwell was also employed by several of Epstein's other entities, including. but not 
limited to. the C.O.U.Q. Foundation, 
cw York Strategy Group, JEGE LLC, JEGE Inc., and LSJ, 
LLC. 
53. 
Upon information and belief, the corporate organizational documents of these other 
entities likely provide a right or indemnity lo Maxwell for expense,; incurred b> reason of' her 
cmplo) rnent relationship,, ith those emities. 
54. 
Maxwe ll has incurred significant legal f-ces. personal security cosh. and other 
expenses by reason of her ernplo: menl relationship with these other entiti~s. 
55. 
Maxwell requested indemnification from the Estate for :-uch tee~, cost"i. and 
expenses by reas(111 of her prior employment relationship with these other cntitie~. and \\ its re l'uscd. 
56. 
For the foregoing rea<;ons. MaX\\ell is entitled to indemnification and advancement 
from N CS. LLC and/or the Estate of expenses incurred by reason or· her employment relationship 
with NES. LLC. Epstein, and/or an) of his other entities \\'ith whom Maxwell was affiliated or 
employed. 

CIVIL CASE NO.: __ 
_ 
Page 9 of 10 
PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
WHEREFORE, Maxwell respectfully requests that this Court enter judgment in her favor 
and against the Estate and grant her the fo llowing relief: 
A. 
an Order declaring that Maxwell is entitled to indemnification and advancement 
from the Estate and/or NES, LLC the reasonable attorneys· fees and expenses she has incurred by 
reason of her employment relationship with Epstein, NES. LLC, and his other affiliated businesses, 
including attorneys· fees incurred in connection with any threatened, pending. or completed suit. 
proceeding. or investigation relating thereto, security costs and costs of finding safe accommodation 
incurred as a result thereo f, and all other expenses Maxwell has reasonably incurred and will incur 
in the future by reason of her prior employment relationship with Epstein. NES, L.LC, and his other 
affili ated busin~s-;cs: 
13. 
au Order declaring that Maxwell is entitled to prejudgment interest on the reasonable 
attorneys' Ices and other cxpense-s for which the Estate and/or Nl:S. LI C has foiled to ath ance or 
indemnify Max\\ell: 
C. 
an Ordc.:r declaring that Maxwell i:; entitled lu rcc1.w cr fro m the Estate ancllor NES. 
LLC the reasonable attornc) s· fees and costs incurred in connection with this action: 
D. 
post-judgment interest: and 
E. 
all such other and further relief to which Plaintiff is entitled at la\\ and in equity or as 
this Court may deem just and proper. 

Dated: March JL , 2020 
CIVIL CASE NO.: __ 
_ 
Page 10 of 10 
Q INTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4tti Floor 
Miami. FL 33156 
T: (340) 693-0230 
F: (340) 693-0300 
Y)~ 
By:/~------
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
kwaldner~{qpwbla\\ .com 
V.I. Bar No.: 1038 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.03.12 Civil Complaint.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.03.24 Initiating Document.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.03.24 Initiating Document.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE: SUPERIOR COURT 
OF THE \°IRGlN ISLANDS 
FILED 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF [[Location]] 
Marc h 24 , 2 02 0 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendant. 
Date: March 24, 2020 
Name: GHISLAINE 
MAXWELL 
Address: 
DOCKETING LETTER AND NOTICE OF JUDGE ASSIGNMENT 
Dear KYLER. WALDNER ESQ.: 
The Court is in receipt of your Debt petition, which was docketed on March 24, 2020 
and assigned Case Number ST-2020-CV-00155. 
The Honorable Hon. Michael C. Dunston has been assigned to your case. 
If there is a fee associated with your filing, such fee must be filed along with your 
petition/complaint, or within five (5) days thereafter. Failure to pay the required fee 
may result in your petition / complaint being dismissed for failure to prosecute. 
If you have any questions or concerns, you may contact the Office of the Clerk of the 
Court at (340) 778-9750 (St. Croix) or 774-6680 (St. Thomas-St. John). 
Sincerely, 
TAMARA CHARLES 
Clerk of the Court 
BY: Donna Donovan 
cc: 
Defendant 
Case File 
REV 12/2011 
Super. Ct. Form No. 025GEN 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.03.24 Initiating Document.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.05.01 Motion.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.05.01 Motion.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DISTRICT OF ST. THOMAS & ST. JOHN 
**************************** 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,  
) 
) 
CIVIL NO. ST-20-CV-155 
Plaintiff, 
) 
) 
) 
v. 
) 
) 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN ) 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF ) 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
) 
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as   
) 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY ) 
E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a New York  
) 
Limited Liability Company, 
) 
) 
Defendants.  
) 
_________________________________________ ) 
MOTION TO DISMISS 
& INCORPORATED MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
COME NOW, DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, by and though 
their undersigned counsel, in their capacity as Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
(the “Estate”), and on behalf of the Estate and NES, LLC (“NES”), an entity administered in 
probate by the Co-Executors as part of the Estate, and hereby move for an order pursuant to 
V.I. R. Civ. P. 12(b)(6) dismissing the Complaint in this action filed by Plaintiff Ghislaine 
Maxwell (“Maxwell”). 
I. 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
In her Complaint, Maxwell asserts an absolute right to indemnification and 
advancement of expenses – unqualified in scope, unlimited in duration, and incalculable as to 
amount – based on a purported promise “to support her financially” that she alleges was made 
by her former employer at least fourteen (14) years ago.  (Compl. ¶¶ 1, 9-11, 14, 15.)  Setting 
aside the dubious bona fides of Maxwell’s claims, her action against the Co-Executors is barred 
IN THE SUPERIOR CO RT 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
May 01, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.   
 Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Motion to Dismiss & Incorporated Memorandum of Law 
Page 2 of 9 
by the mandatory claims processing rules set forth in 15 V.I.C. 606, which prohibit 
commencement of any action prior to one (1) year after issuance of letters testamentary.  And 
Maxwell’s claims against NES, which she bases entirely on her “belief” that its corporate 
organizational documents entitle her to “mandatory indemnification and advancement” of 
expenses (Compl. ¶ 47), are defeated by the undisputed fact that those documents provide her 
no such right.   
For these reasons, the Court must dismiss Maxwell’s Complaint.1 
II. 
RELEVANT FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
A. 
The Probate Proceedings 
On August 10, 2019, Jeffrey E. Epstein, a domiciliary of the U.S. Virgin Islands, died 
testate in New York.  On August 15, 2019, a Petition for Probate and for Letters Testamentary 
was filed with the Probate Court of the U.S. Virgin Islands, Probate No. ST-19-PB-0000080.  
On September 6, 2019, Magistrate Judge Carolyn P. Hermon-Percell issued Letters 
Testamentary to Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn.  See Exhibit A.  Since that time, 
Messrs. Indyke and Kahn have served as Co-Executors of the Estate. 
B. 
Nature of the Action 
In her three (3) count Complaint against the Co-Executors and NES, Maxwell seeks 
common law and contractual “indemnification for and advancement of the attorneys’ fees, 
security costs, costs to find safe accommodation, and all other expenses Maxwell has 
reasonably incurred and will incur by reason of her prior employment relationship with 
[Mr. Epstein] and his affiliated businesses in connection with any threatened, pending, or 
1. Maxwell names the Estate itself as a defendant.  However, that is improper: under Virgin Islands law, an 
estate does not have a separate identity and may not be sued as a party.  See, e.g., 31 Am. Jur. 2d Executors 
and Administrators § 1141 (2016) (“Since estates are not natural or artificial persons, and they lack legal 
capacity to sue or be sued, an action against an estate must be brought against an administrator or executor 
as the representative of the estate.”).    

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.   
 Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Motion to Dismiss & Incorporated Memorandum of Law 
Page 3 of 9 
completed suit, proceeding, or investigation relating to Epstein, his affiliated business, and his 
alleged victims.”  (Compl. ¶ 1.) 
Plaintiff contends that she is entitled to indemnification and advancement of her 
expenses because Mr. Epstein allegedly promised to “support her financially” and paid certain 
litigation expenses for her when he was alive.  (See Compl. ¶¶ 11-15, 18-19.)  Maxwell further 
alleges that, following Mr. Epstein’s death, Mr. Indyke acting in his capacity as a Co-Executor 
of the Estate “made assurances” to her that her past legal fees and obligations would be 
reimbursed by the Estate and paid going forward.  (Id. ¶¶ 21-22.) 
Specifically, Maxwell alleges that she was employed by Mr. Epstein and his affiliated 
businesses, including NES, from “approximately 1999 through at least 2006.”  (Compl. ¶ 9.)  
During their relationship, Mr. Epstein purportedly “promised Maxwell that he would support 
her financially.”  (Compl. ¶ 11.)  Maxwell claims that Mr. Epstein made this promise to her on 
several occasions, both orally and in writing.  (Compl. ¶ 12-14.)  She further contends that, 
when she was leaving Mr. Epstein’s employ in “approximately 2001” to start her own business, 
he stated in writing that he would “always support [her] financially.”  (Compl. ¶¶ 13-15.)2 
Maxwell does not allege that any lawsuits for which she seeks indemnification are 
related to her performance of legitimate, employment-related duties for Mr. Epstein or his 
affiliated businesses.  To the contrary, the claims asserted against Maxwell to date relate to her 
own misconduct including that she sexually abused young women and, in one case, threatened 
a potential witness’ life.3     
2. Maxwell’s written demand to the Estate for indemnification, dated November 22, 2019 and expressly 
referenced in her Complaint (at paragraph 28), does not mention any written promises by Mr. Epstein to 
indemnify her.  Rather, it refers only to his alleged “oral promises” to do so.  (See Exhibit B at 2.) 
3. See, e.g., Annie Farmer v. Indyke and Kahn, et al., Case No. 1:19-cv-10475-LGS (S.D.N.Y.; Complaint filed 
November 11, 2019, alleging inter alia that Maxwell “committed sexual assault and battery upon Plaintiff 
when she was 16 years old,” “exposed [Plaintiff’s] breasts and groped her,” and “threatened [Plaintiff’s sister] 
in order to keep her quiet.”); Jennifer Araoz v. Estate of Jeffrey Edward Epstein, et al., Index No. 950010/19 
(New York State; First Amended Complaint filed October 10, 2019, alleging inter alia that Maxwell 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.   
 Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Motion to Dismiss & Incorporated Memorandum of Law 
Page 4 of 9 
III. ARGUMENT 
A. 
Plaintiff’s Claim is Premature, in Violation of 15 V.I.C § 606(a). 
Whatever the purported merits of Plaintiff’s claims, her lawsuit is premature.  Maxwell 
may not file a Complaint against the Co-Executors until twelve (12) months have elapsed after 
the Probate Court issued Letters Testamentary.  See 15 V.I.C § 606(a).  Here, that twelve (12) 
month period will not expire until September 6, 2020. 
Chapter 23 of Title 15 of the Virgin Islands Code outlines the exclusive procedure for 
pursuing a claim against executors of an estate.  Section 606, entitled “Commencement of 
Action against Executor or Administrator,” sets forth mandatory claims-processing rules; 
Section 606(a) specifically provides: 
“(a) 
An action may be commenced against an executor or administrator at 
any time after the expiration of twelve months from the granting of letters 
testamentary or of administration and until the final settlement of the estate and 
discharge of such executor or administrator from the trust, and not otherwise.”  
(emphasis supplied) 
Section 606(a), which authorizes a plaintiff to commence an action against an estate’s 
executor, “mandates that at the time of commencement … the estate have been open for a 
minimum of twelve months… .”  Ottley v. Estate of Bell, 61 V.I. 480, 491-492 (V.I. 2014) 
(emphasis added) (citing 15 V.I.C. § 606(a)).  “[S]ection 606 is an inflexible claims-processing 
rule that cannot be waived.”  Id. at 492.4 
The Virgin Islands Legislature’s twelve (12) month statutory waiting period is no fluke.  
Rather, the requirement ensures that a claimant cannot bypass the probate process and relieves 
“conspired with Jeffrey Epstein to commit repeated acts of sexual assault and harmful or offensive touching 
against Plaintiff”); Jane Doe v. Indyke and Kahn, et al., Case No. 1:20-cv-00484-JGK (S.D.N.Y.; Complaint 
filed January 22, 2020, alleging inter alia that Maxwell abused Plaintiff “for years as a young girl” and 
“regularly facilitated Epstein’s abuse of [Plaintiff] and was frequently present when it occurred.”). 
4. 15 V.I.C. § 606(b) further prohibits commencement of any action against the Co-Executors until after 
Maxwell has presented them with her claim, and they have determined to disallow it: 
“(b) 
An action against an executor or administrator shall not be commenced until the claim of the plaintiff 
has been duly presented to such executor or administrator and by him disallowed…”  (emphasis supplied) 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.   
 Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Motion to Dismiss & Incorporated Memorandum of Law 
Page 5 of 9 
the Co-Executors from simultaneously defending the Estate in civil actions and probate 
proceedings.  Ottley, 61 V.I. at 495.  This rule further ensures that a claimant cannot seek to 
gain priority over the Estate’s assets by filing suit to the detriment of those claimants who 
adhere to the probate rules.  Id. at 495-96. 
“The Legislature has outlined in detail the duties of an executor or administrator 
in administering an estate and the process by which a creditor should seek to 
satisfy his claim, all under the guidance and review of the Superior 
Court.  See 15 V.I.C. § 394; 15 V.I.C. § 240(c). Therefore, when looking 
at section 606 in the context of the entire probate scheme, it appears the 
Legislature intended section 606 ’to regulate the process of obtaining review’ 
by providing strict guidance for probate proceedings … .” 
Ottley, 61 V.I. at 493. 
The Legislature designed these mandatory rules to ensure the orderly and efficient 
distribution of decedents’ property.  See id. at 490.  Section 606 reflects the Legislature’s intent 
to provide executors with a sufficient period of time in which to marshal an estate’s assets, pay 
taxes, analyze any claims filed against the estate and, depending on whether the executors 
determine them to be meritorious, allow or reject them.  Section 606 then provides a claimant 
with prompt summary review of her claim if the executors have rejected it.  Id. at 494. 
Here, Maxwell violated the express strictures of Section 606(a):  she did not wait twelve 
months to commence her action, thereby precluding the Co-Executors from proper 
consideration of her claims.  As noted above, the Probate Court issued Letters Testamentary 
on September 6, 2019.  See Exhibit A.  Pursuant to Section 606(a), Maxwell is not permitted 
to file suit against the Co-Executors until September 6, 2020 at the earliest, and only then if 
they have disallowed her claim.  Here, her failure to abide by the statutory rules “requires the 
court to dismiss [the Complaint] for failure to state a claim upon which relief may be granted.”  

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.   
 Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Motion to Dismiss & Incorporated Memorandum of Law 
Page 6 of 9 
Ottley, 61 V.I., at 495 (citation omitted).  The Court cannot allow Maxwell to jump the line, in 
violation of the mandatory claims-processing rules enacted by the Legislature.5 
B. 
Plaintiff’s Claim Against NES is Meritless as a Matter of Law. 
Maxwell’s claim against NES is defeated by the very documents on which she relies.  
As noted above, Maxwell asserts her “belief” that her employment relationship with NES 
entitles her to mandatory indemnification for and advancement of her fees and expenses 
pursuant to NES’ corporate organizational documents: 
“Upon information and belief, the corporate organizational documents for NES, 
LLC entitle Maxwell to mandatory indemnification and advancement of legal 
fees, personal security costs, and other expenses incurred by reason of the 
employment relationship with NES, LLC, including expenses incurred in 
connection with the pending suits, proceedings, and investigations concerning 
Epstein’s alleged misconduct.” 
(Compl. ¶ 47; emphasis supplied.) 
Unfortunately for Maxwell, the truth is otherwise.  As set forth in the Operating 
Agreement of NES, LLC dated January 1, 2014 (the “NES Operating Agreement”, a copy of 
which is attached hereto as Exhibit C), NES has no obligation to indemnify Maxwell for or 
advance her fees and expenses.6  Rather, the NES Operating Agreement allows NES to decline 
5. To the extent that Maxwell relies on common-law indemnification, her claims are premature for another, 
independent reason: under Virgin Islands law, a party may not assert a common-law claim for indemnification 
in a separate action before a judgment has been rendered against her.  See Willie v. Amerada Hess Corp., 66 
V.I. 23, 108, 2017 V.I. LEXIS 37, *132 (V.I. Super. Feb. 28, 2017). 
6. Because Maxwell expressly incorporates by reference NES’s corporate organizational documents in her 
Complaint, the Court may properly consider those documents in deciding this motion to dismiss.  See Hess 
Oil Virgin Islands Corp. v. Fluor Daniel, Case No. SX-05-165, 2020 WL 1819622 (V.I. Super. Ct. Apr. 8, 
2020)(applying the “incorporation-by-reference” doctrine in declining to convert a pre-answer motion under 
V.I. R. Civ. P. 12(b)(6) to a motion for summary judgment, despite the defendants’ submission of documents 
referenced in the complaint but not attached to it).  As the Court in Hess observed:  
“Ordinarily, when ruling on a pre-answer motion to dismiss, the Court must accept the plaintiff’s 
allegations as true ... ‘and draw all fair inferences from such allegations.’ “Stanley, 2020 VI Super 47 at 
¶ 12 (citation omitted)).  But the incorporation-by-reference doctrine permits a court to review the actual 
document referenced in the complaint “to ensure that the plaintiff has not misrepresented its contents and 
that any inference the plaintiff seeks to have drawn is a reasonable one.”  Amalgamated Bank v. Yahoo! 
Inc., 132 A.3d 752, 797 (Del. Ch. 2016), overruled in part on other grounds by Tiger v. Boast Apparel, 
Inc., 214 A.3d 933, 939 (Del. 2019). The doctrine further “limits the ability of the plaintiff to take language 
out of context, because the defendants can point the court to the entire document... [and] enables courts to 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.   
 Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Motion to Dismiss & Incorporated Memorandum of Law 
Page 7 of 9 
Maxwell’s claims for indemnification and advancement of fees and expenses, in its sole 
discretion: 
“…[T]he Company … may indemnify, defend and hold harmless any employee 
or agent, who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to a 
threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, from and against 
any expense, loss, damage or liability incurred or connected with, or any claim, 
suit, demand, loss, judgment, liability, cost or expense … arising from or related 
to, the Company … or such employee or agent on behalf of the Company … 
provided that such amounts were not the result of fraud, gross negligence, or 
reckless or intentional misconduct on the part of … such employee or agent 
against whom a claim is asserted.  The Company may advance to … any such 
employee or agent … the costs of defending any claim, suit or action against 
such person if such person undertakes to repay the funds advanced, with 
interest, if the person is not entitled to indemnification under this Section.” 
(Exhibit C at Section VI.B.1, at pp. 5-6; emphasis supplied.) 
The NES Operating Agreement thus provides NES with discretion to indemnify its 
employees arising from performance of their job duties, provided that the employees did not 
engage in “fraud, gross negligence, or reckless or intentional misconduct.”7 The Court should 
reject Maxwell’s claim that, notwithstanding the explicit language in the Operating Agreement, 
NES is required to indemnify her for her own alleged misconduct.  “Ordinarily, when 
the terms of a contract are unambiguous, the Superior Court treats the issue of the meaning of 
those terms as a question of law… .” United Corp. v. Tutu Park, Ltd., 55 V.I. 702, 707, (V.I. 
2011); see also Bluewater Construction, Inc. v. CBI Acquisitions, LLC, 70 V.I. 586, 608 (V.I. 
Super. May 20, 2010) (interpretation of forum selection clause was a matter of law under 
Florida law).  Here, the Operating Agreement cannot be construed to entitle Maxwell to 
dispose of meritless complaints at the pleading stage.” Id. ‘“Without the ability to consider the document 
at issue in its entirety, complaints that quoted only selected and misleading portions of such documents 
could not be dismissed under Rule 12(b)(6) even though they would be doomed to failure.”  ‘Id.  (quoting 
In re: Gen. Motors (Hughes) S’holder Litig., 897 A.2d 162, 169 (Del. 2006)).” 
2020 WL 1819622 *8-9.  See also Fenster v. Dechabert, 65 V.I. 20, 22, 2016 V.I. LEXIS 214, *1, 2016 WL 
8943821 (V.I. Super. Aug. 8, 2016) (“The court may consider items of unquestioned authenticity that are 
referred to in the challenged pleading and are integral to the pleader’s claim for relief”).  
7. See Exhibit C at Section VI.B.1, at pp. 5-6. 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.   
 Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Motion to Dismiss & Incorporated Memorandum of Law 
Page 8 of 9 
mandatory indemnification, as pleaded.  Accordingly, it renders Maxwell’s claim for 
contractual indemnification meritless as a matter of law.   
Nor does Maxwell fit the criterion under the NES Operating Agreement for mandatory 
indemnification of its employees or agents under the limited circumstance where that employee 
or agent has been successful in her defense of an action or proceeding.  SeeExhibit C at Section 
VI.B.2, at p. 6.  Here, Maxwell has not succeeded in defense of any action or proceeding against 
her.  Because NES is not required to indemnify Maxwell for or advance any of her expenses, 
the Court should dismiss her claim against it.8  
WHEREFORE, Defendants respectfully request that the Court dismiss the Complaint 
filed by the Plaintiff in this action. 
Respectfully, 
Dated:  May 1, 2020 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
ANDREW W. HEYMANN, ESQ. 
WILLIAM L. BLUM, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ. 
MARJORIE WHALEN, ESQ. 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966, 266, 136, 1221 & R2019 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Facsimile: (888) 316-9269 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
aheymann@solblum.com 
wblum@solblum.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
mwhalen@kellfer.com 
8. Maxwell styles Count Three of the Complaint as one for contractual indemnification again NES “and Other 
Entities” (Compl. p. 7), but she names as defendants in this action no entities other than NES and the Co-
Executors.  And as to the other Epstein-affiliated entities Maxwell describes – the C.O.U.Q. Foundation, 
New York Strategy Group, JEGE LLC, JEGE Inc. and LSJ, LLC (Compl. ⁋ 52) – she alleges only her “belief” 
that their corporate organizational documents “likely provide a right to indemnity.”  (Id. ⁋ 53; emphasis 
supplied.)  That is too thin a reed to satisfy the requirement that Plaintiff allege facts supporting all of the 
elements of her claim. 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.   
 Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Motion to Dismiss & Incorporated Memorandum of Law 
Page 9 of 9 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on this 1st day of May 2020, I caused a true and exact copy 
of the foregoing Motion to Dismiss & Incorporated Memorandum of Law to be served via 
electronic mail upon: 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin  

Exhibit A
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
IN THE MATTER OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
Deceased 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
PROBATE NO. ST-19-PB-80 
LETTERS TESTAMENTARY 
TO ALL TO WHOM THESE PRESENTS SHALL COME, GREETING: 
KNOW YE, that the Last Will and Testament of JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN dated the 8th 
day of August 2019, which is hereto annexed, has been duly proven in this Court, and that 
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, who have been nominated as Co-Executors 
therein have been duly appointed Co-Executors of the estate of JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN. 
This, therefore, authorizes DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN to 
ATTEST: 
ESTRELLA H. GEORGE 
Clerk of the Cou~t 
~ () 
By: A ~(>{~~ 
~ EDOTCIA THOMAS-HODGE 
Court Clerk Supervisor _j_t _k__! ~DC Cf 
C 
Ma istrat Judge of the uperior Court 
of the Virgin Islands 
A CERTIFitD TRUE COPY 
·, 
DATE~ ~~~, ~~a_ 
'"ESTR;EbLA,H. GEORC1i-. 
BY 
~/J ( lfJltollht> 
<J . 
CLERKOf THECOURT 
COURT CLERK II 

IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
IN THE MATTER OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
Deceased 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
__________________ ) 
PROBATE NO. ST-19-PB-80 
ORDER FOR PROBATE 
Upon consideration of the Petition filed herein, and it appearing to the satisfaction of the 
Court that JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN died, testate, in Manhattan, New York, on August 10, 2019, 
and the adult heirs-at-law and next of kin of the deceased have been served with process or have 
consented to said Petition, and the Last Will and Testament of JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN dated 
the 8th day of August 2019 having been duly proved in this Court, and there being no valid 
objection to the probate of the said Will, it is 
ORDERED that the Will is admitted to probate and recorded as the Last will and 
Testament of JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN valid to pass real and personal property, and that Letters 
Testamentary be issued to DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, the Co-
Executors named therein, who may qualify hereunder without bond, conditioned on the faithful 
performance of trust. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I have hereunto subscribed my name and caused the Seal 
of the Court to be affixed this __ {d_Jfi __ day of __ 
~~-~-"-----+-
ATTEST: 
ESTRELLA H. GEORGE 
Clerk of the Court 
By: /4~ ~
~c,A_M 
EDOTCIA THOMAS-HODGE 
Court Clerk Supervisor _!j__/ -1R.__jo/.Qf!i 
agist ate Judge of the Superior Court 
of the Virgin Islands 

Exhibit B
9) 
H A D D O N 
MORGAN 
FOR E MA N 
Novermber 22, 2019 
VIA EMAIL 
Darren K. Indyke 
Richard D. Kahn 
c/o William L. Blum, Esq. 
Kellerhals Ferguson Kroblin PLLC 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
wblum@solblum.com 
RE: Demand for Indemnification 
Dear Mr. Indyke and Mr. Kahn: 
Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.c 
Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
150 East 10th A venue 
Denver, Colorado 80203 
PH 303.831.7364 FX 303.832.2628 
www.hmflaw.com 
jpagliuca@hmflaw.com 
Our firm and Cohen & Gresser LLP represent Ghislaine Maxwell in connection with 
legal proceedings related to events that occurred while she was employed by Jeffrey Epstein and 
his affiliated businesses. On behalf of Ms. Maxwell, we write to respectfully request that the 
Estate of Jeffrey Epstein indemnify and advance expenses to Ms. Maxwell for attorneys' fees, 
security costs, and all other expenses reasonably incurred by reason of her prior employment 
relationship with Mr. Epstein and his affiliated businesses in connection with any threatened, 
pending, or completed suit, proceeding, or investigation relating to Mr. Epstein, his affiliated 
businesses, and his alleged victims. 
From approximately 1999 through 2009, Ms. Maxwell was employed by Mr. Epstein 
individually, and by several of his affiliated businesses, including, but not limited to, NES LLC, 
New York Strategy Group, JEGE LLC, JEGE Inc., and LSJ LLC. Pursuant to the relevant 
corporate organizational documents, Ms. Maxwell is entitled to mandatory indemnification and 
advancement of expenses incurred by reason of her employment relationship with Mr. Epstein 
and his affiliated businesses, including attorneys' fees (both from our firm and Cohen & 
Gresser), as well as relocation and security costs, all of which are ongoing, extensive, and 
directly related to the pending suits, proceedings, and investigations concerning Mr. Epstein's 
alleged misconduct. 
Accordingly, we request that you provide copies of any documents in your possession 
setting forth applicable indemnification and/or advancement rights and policies, including, 
among other things, Ms. Maxwell's employment records, and any corporate documents, such as 
articles of incorporation, operating agreements, and bylaws for all entities that employed Ms. 

Darren K. Indyke 
Richard D. Kahn 
November 22, 2019 
Page 2 
Maxwell. In addition, we request that you provide copies of any other documents, including any 
applicable insurance policies, that provide for indemnification and/or advancement for former 
employees of Mr. Epstein and his affiliated businesses. 
In addition, please note that Ms. Maxwell is entitled to indemnification and advancement 
given that Mr. Epstein, on more than one occasion, promised that he would indemnify Ms. 
Maxwell and advance any expenses incurred by reason of her prior employment relationship 
with him and his affiliated businesses. Mr. Epstein's oral promise is evidenced by the fact that, 
among other things: (1) Mr. Epstein indemnified Ms. Maxwell and advanced legal fees and 
settlement costs when they were incurred in connection with the lawsuit filed by Sarah Ransome 
(Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein et al, 17-cv-00616-JGK); and (2) Mr. Epstein indemnified and advanced 
legal fees and expenses for a number of other employees in other various lawsuits, including 
Sarah Kellen, Leslie Groff, and Nadia Marcinkova. Mr. Epstein's oral promises to Ms. Maxwell 
are enforceable as a matter of law. See, e.g., Barclays Bank of New York v. Goldman, 517 F. 
Supp. 403,414 (S.D.N.Y. 1981); Hyatt Legal Servs. v. Ruppitz, 620 So. 2d 1134, 1136 (Fla. Dist. 
Ct. App. 1993). 
Ms. Maxwell is further entitled to indemnification under common law. Common law 
indemnity is an equitable concept that works to shift liability when failure to do so would result 
in "the unjust enrichment of one party at the expense of another." Mas v. Two Bridges Assocs. , 
5 N. Y .2d 680, 689-91 (1990). All of the jurisdictions in which Ms. Maxwell carried out her 
relevant employment duties-New York, Florida, New Mexico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands-
recognize a common law right to indemnification, which allows for the shifting of liability to 
avoid the unfairness of holding one party liable solely on account of the wrongdoing of another. 
See Parris v. Shared Equities, Co., 281 A.D.2d 174, 175, 721 N.Y.S.2d 634, 635 (1st Dep't 
2001) (recognizing common law indemnification under New York law); K- Mart Corp. v. 
Chairs, Inc., 506 So.2d 7 (Fla. 5th DCA), review denied, 513 So.2d 1060 (Fla. 1987) ("The right 
to indemnity may arise out of a contract or it may be based on liability imposed by law."); 
Safeway, Inc. v. Rooter 2000 Plumbing & Drain SSS, 368 P.3d 389, 398-99 (N.M. 2016) 
(recognizing common law indemnification under New Mexico law); Willie v. Amerada Hess 
Corp., No. SX-06-CV-202, 2017 WL 772808, at *30 (V.I. Super. Feb. 28, 2017) ("This Court 
believes that the soundest rule for the Virgin Islands is to continue recognizing claims for 
common law indemnification."). 
Here, Ms. Maxwell had no involvement in or knowledge of Mr. Epstein's alleged 
misconduct, but nonetheless has been forced to pay significant legal fees, personal security costs, 
and other expenses merely because the alleged events occurred while she was employed by Mr. 
Epstein and his affiliated businesses. Accordingly, Mr. Epstein's estate must indemnify Ms. 
Maxwell for those expenses. 
Ms. Maxwell's Affidavit, attached as Exhibit 1, affirms the facts forming the basis for 
this Demand. Ms. Maxwell has attached the relevant invoices as Exhibits A, B, and C to her 
affidavit. These invoices represent some of Ms. Maxwell's considerable expenses. The bills 
reflect legal fees and costs paid by Ms. Maxwell to Haddon, Morgan, and Foreman, P.C., in the 

Darren K. Indyke 
Richard D. Kahn 
November 22, 2019 
Page 3 
amount of $101,527.67 (Affidavit Exhibit A); legal fees and costs paid to Cohen & Gresser, 
LLP, in the amount of $318,093.04 (Affidavit Exhibit B) and security/relocation costs paid to 
The Next Step (Veterans Transition) Ltd in the amount of £154,345.46 (Affidavit Exhibit C). 
In light of the serious and time-sensitive nature these issues, we appreciate your prompt 
response to this demand. 
Cc: Christopher Allen Kroblin ( ckroblin@kellfer.com) 
Shari N. D' Andrade (sdandrade@kellfer.com) 
Marjorie Whalen (mwhalen@kellfer.com) 
Mark S. Cohen (mcohen@cohengresser.com) 
Christian R. Everdell ( ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 

AFFIDAVIT OF GHISLANE MAXWELL 
I, Ghislane Maxwell, of legal age and sound mind and body deposes and states: 
1. 
I have personal knowledge of the statements I make in this Affidavit and am 
authorized to make them. 
2. 
I have reviewed the letter by my lawyer, Jeffrey Pagliuca, requesting that the 
Estate of Jeffrey Epstein defend and indemnify me. This affidavit is attached as Exhibit I to that 
letter and I affmn and verify that the factual statements contained in the letter are true. 
3. 
From approximately 1999 through 2009, I was employed by Mr. Epstein 
individually, and by several of his affiliated businesses, including, but not limited to, NES LLC, 
New York Strategy Group, JEGE LLC, JEGE Inc., and LSJ LLC. 
4. 
Mr. Epstein, on more than one occasion, promised that he would indemnify, 
defend, and advance any expenses incurred by reason of my prior employment relationship with 
him and his affiliated businesses. 
S. 
I have incurred substantial expenses defending myself against false accusations 
and investigations arising out of my employment relationship with Mr. Epstein and his 
companies. The invoices attached to this affidavit as Exhibits A, B, and C are true and accurate 
(redacted) copies of bills that I have paid and am responsible for paying. These expenses are 
ongoing. 
6. 
My legal expenses were and are reasonable and necessary and directly related to 
my prior employment with Mr. Epstein and his companies. 
7. 
As a result of the enonnous publicity surrounding the criminal and civil lawsuits 
against Mr. Epstein and the false portrayal of me as an accomplice to Mr. Epstein I continue to 
receive death threats on a regular basis. Because of the death threats and the media frenzy I have 
needed to hire security guards and relocate to an undisclosed location for an unknown amount of 
time. 
I certify that, under the penalty of perjury that the above written statements herein are 
true and accurate to the best of my knowledge. 
e Maxwell 

1S Half Moon Street, London WIJ 7DZ, United Kingdom 
Sworn to and subscribed this 2-z_.,.\day of w~2019. Witness my hand. 
Solicitor: 
EXHIBIT 1 

Exhibit C
OPERATING AGREEMENT 
OF 
NES,LLC 
A New York Limited Liability Company 
THIS OPERATING AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") ofNES, LLC, a New York limited 
liability company ( the "Company"), organized under the Limited Liability Company Law of the 
State of New York (this "LLC Law'') is adopted as of January 1, 2014 by the Company's sole 
member, Jeffrey E. Epstein (hereinafter referred to as "Sole Member"), with an address at 6100 Red 
Hook Quarter, B3, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802, who has detennined that the Company's 
activities and the rights and responsibilities of its members shall be governed by the following terms 
and conditions: 
SECTION I 
ORGANIZATION & FORMATION 
A. Formation. The Company has been organized as a New York limited liability company 
under and pW'Suant to the LLC Law by the filing of Articles of Organization ("Articles") with the 
Secretary of State of the State of New York on August 13, 1998, as required by the LLC Law. 
B. Name. The name of the Company shall be ''NES, LLC". The Company upon proper 
notice and filing with the Secretary of State of the State of New York may conduct its operations 
under one or more assumed names. 
C. Purposes. The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful activity, operate any 
lawful enterprise or to have any other lawful purpose permitted by the LLC Law and the other 
applicable laws of the State of New York. The Company shall have all the powers necessary or 
convenient to affect any purpose for which it is formed, including all powers granted by the LLC 
Law. 
D. Duration. The Company shall continue in existence perpetually, beginning on the date 
of filing of the Articles, unless terminated by law or dissolved and terminated. 
E. Service Address and Place of Business. The Secretary of State of the State of New York 
is designated as the agent of the Company upon whom process against the Company may be served. 
The post office address within or without the State of New York to which process so served may be 
sent is 9 East 71 st Street, New York, New York 10021. The Company's principal place of business 
shall be located in the City, State and County of New York, or such other place or places as the Sole 
Member may hereafter determine. 

SECTION II 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE: MEMBERSIDP UNITS AND 
CONTRIBUTIONS/fRANSFER OF MEMBERSIDP UNITS 
A. Capital Contribution by the Sole Member; Initial Issuance. The Sole Member's 
ownership rights in the Company shall be reflected as a 100% membership interest as recorded in 
the Company's records. The Sole Member may make additional capital contributions from time to 
time and at any time and in any amounts that he may desire. 
B. 
Transfer of Membership Interest. 
Subject to the provisions of this Section, a 
Member may transfer and assign all or a portion of his interest as a member in the Company 
("Membership Interest") to any one or more persons or entities, at any time and from time to 
time. The transfer and assignment of all or a portion of a Membership Interest does not, in and of 
itself, entitle the assignee to participate in the management and affairs of the Company or to 
become a member. 
Such assignee is only entitled to receive, to the extent assigned, the 
distributions the assigning Member would otherwise be entitled to, and such assignee shall only 
become an assignee of all or a portion of a Membership Interest and not a substitute Member. 
An assignee of all or a portion of a Membership Interest shall be admitted as a substitute 
Member and shall be entitled to all the rights and powers of the assignor only if all the Members 
consent. If admitted, the substitute Member, has to the extent assigned, all of the rights and 
powers, and is subject to all of the restrictions and liabilities, of a Member of the Company. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, without the consent of any other Member, the Sole Member may, 
by a duly executed agreement with the assignee, assign any or all of the Membership Interest 
then held by the Sole Member, together with the Sole Member's management and voting rights 
in the Company with respect to the portion of the Membership Interest so assigned, and, upon the 
consummation of such assignment, the assignee thereof shall be automatically admitted as a 
substitute member, with all of the rights and powers held by, and subject to all of the restrictions 
and liabilities imposed upon, the Sole Member immediately prior to such assignment, to the full 
extent of the portion of the Membership Interest so assigned. 
C. 
No Interest; No Return of Capital. Capital contributions to the Company shall not 
earn interest, except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement. Except as otherwise 
provided in this Agreement, a Member shall not be entitled to withdraw, or to receive a return of, a 
capital contribution or any portion thereof; provided, however, that, subject to the provisions of 
Section IV hereof, the Sole Member shall from time to time and at any time, in the Sole Member's 
discretion, be entitled to withdraw, and receive a return of, all or any part of the Sole Member's 
capital contribution. 
SECTION III 
CAPITAL ACCOUNT 
A. Capital Account. A capital account ("Capital Account") shall be maintained for the Sole 
Member, and each additional Member, if any, in accordance with the provision of this Article. 

1. Increases in Capital Account. The Capital Account of each Member shall be 
increased by: 
(a) 
The fair market value of the Member's initial capital contribution and any 
additional capital contributions by the Member to the Company. If any property, 
other than cash, is contributed to or distributed by the Company, the adjustments to 
Capital Accounts required by Treasury Regulation Section l.704-l(b)(2)(iv)(d), (e), 
(t) and (g) and Section l.704-l(b)(4)(1) shall be made. 
(b) 
The Member's share of the increase in the tax basis of Company property, if 
any, arising out of the recapture of any tax credit. 
( c) 
Allocations to the Member of Profit. 
( d) 
Company income or gain (including income and gain exempt from income 
taxation) as provided under this Agreement, or otherwise by Regulation Section 
1.704-l(b )(2)(iv). 
( e) 
The amount of Company liabilities that are assumed by the Member. 
2. Decreases in Capital Account. The Capital Account of each Member shall be 
decreased by: 
(a) 
The amount of money distributed to the Member by the Company pursuant 
to any provision of this Agreement. 
(b) 
The fair market value of property distributed to the Member by the Company 
(net of liabilities secured by such distributed property that Member is considered to 
assume or take subject to under Code Section 752). 
(c) 
Allocations to the Member of Losses. 
( d) 
Allocations to the Member of deductions, expenses, Nonrecourse 
Deductions and net losses allocated to him pursuant to this Agreement, and the 
Member's share of Company expenditures which are neither deductible nor properly 
chargeable to Capital Accounts under Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) or are treated as 
such 
expenditures 
under 
Treasury 
Regulation 
Section l.704-l(b)(2)(iv)(i). 
''Nonrecourse Deductions" shall have the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-2. 
( e) 
The amount of any liabilities of the Member that are assumed by the 
Company. 

SECTION IV 
ALLOCATIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 
A. Allocations. For purposes of maintaining each Member's Capital Account, all of the 
Company's net profits, net losses, expenses and other items of income, gain, loss, and credit shall be 
allocated to the Member in proportion to the percentage Membership Interest of such Member. All 
items of Company taxable income, gain, loss, deduction, and credit recognized or allowable for 
Federal income tax purposes shall be similarly allocated and credited or charged to each Member in 
proportion to the percentage Membership Interest held by such Member. 
B. Distributions. Net cash flow shall be distributed at such times and in such amounts as 
may be determined from time to time and at any time by the Sole Member of the Company in the 
following priority: 
1. First, to the Members in repayment of any advance of funds to the Company as a 
lender, to the extent of and in proportion to such advances, including interest thereon, if any; 
2. Additional distributions, if any will be made to the Members in proportion to the 
percentage Membership Interests held by them, respectively, in such amounts and at such 
times as may be determined by the Sole Member of the Company. 
C. Distribution upon Liquidation of the Company. 
1. 
At the termination of the Company and after the Company has satisfied or 
provided for the satisfaction of all the Company's debts and other obligations, the 
Company's assets will be distributed in cash to the Members first, in discharge of their 
respective capital interests; and then, in proportion to the percentage Membership Interests 
held by them, respectively. 
2. If the Company lacks sufficient assets to make the distributions described in the 
foregoing paragraph, the Company will make distributions in proportion to the respective 
Membership Interests of the Members. 
SECTIONV 
MANAGEMENT OF BUSINESS 
A. In General. The Company shall be member-managed. The Members of the Company 
shall manage the business and affairs of the Company and shall have full and complete authority, 
power and discretion to do all things necessary or convenient to manage, control and carry out 
the business, affairs and properties of the Company, to make all decisions regarding those 
matters and to perform any and all other acts or activities customary or incident to the 
management of the Company's business. All decisions and actions of the Company in connection 
therewith shall be determined by the affirmative vote or the written consent of Members holding a 
majority percentage of the Membership Interests of the Company. 

B. 
Limitation of Manager's Authority. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
provided in the foregoing, the written consent of the Sole Member shall be required to: 
1. 
Sell, transfer, assign, convey, or otherwise dispose of any part of the Company's 
assets; 
2. 
Cause the Company to incur any debt in excess of $5,000, whether or not in the 
ordinary course of business; 
3. 
Cause the Company to incur any debt less than $5,000 other than in the ordinary 
course of business; 
4. 
Cause the Company to encumber any assets in connection with any debt referred to 
in clause 2 or 3 above; 
5. 
Issue or sell, or approve the transfer, assignment, conveyance or other disposition of 
all or any portion of any Membership Interest in the Company; 
6. 
Adopt, amend or repeal the Operating Agreement of the Company; 
7. 
Approve a plan of merger of the Company with any other entity; 
8. 
Incur any single expense or combination of related expenses in excess of $5,000; 
9. 
Cause the Company to make any distributions to its Members. 
C. Voting of Membership Interests. A Membership Interest is entitled to be voted only if 
it is owned by a Member, and the relative weight of the vote of each such Membership Interest 
shall be proportionate to such Member's percentage Membership Interest. Neither an assignee 
nor a transferee may vote a Membership Interest unless such assignee or transferee is admitted as 
a Member. 
SECTION VI 
EXCULPATION OF LIABILITY: INDEMNIFICATION 
A. Exculpation of Liability. 
Unless otherwise provided by law or expressly assumed 
pursuant to a written instrument signed by such person, neither the Sole Member nor any other 
subsequent Member of the Company shall be personally liable for the acts, debts or liabilities of the 
Company. 
B. Indemnification. 
1. Except as otherwise provided in this Section, the Company, its receiver or its trustee 
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Sole Member, each other subsequent Member and 
their respective heirs, personal representatives, and successors, and may indemnify, defend and 
hold harmless any employee or agent, who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to a 
threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, from and against any expense, loss, 
damage or liability incurred or connected with, or any claim, suit, demand, loss, judgment, 
liability, cost or expense, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees, arising from or 
related to, the Company or any act or omission of the Sole Member, such subsequent Member or 
such employee or agent on behalf of the Company, and amounts paid in settlement of any of the 
above, provided that such amounts were not the result of fraud, gross negligence, or reckless or 
intentional misconduct on the part of the Sole Member, such subsequent Member or such 
employee or agent against whom a claim is asserted. The Company may advance to the Sole 

Member, such subsequent Member or any such employee or agent and their respective heirs, 
personal representatives, and successors the costs of defending any claim, suit or action against 
such person if such person undertakes to repay the funds advanced, with interest, if the person is 
not entitled to indemnification under this Section. 
2. To the extent that the Sole Member, such subsequent Member, or any such employee or 
agent of the Company has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of an action, suit 
or proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or other matter in the action, suit or proceeding, 
such person shall be indemnified against actual and reasonable expenses, including, without 
limitation, attorneys' fees, incurred by such person in connection with the action, suit or 
proceeding and any action, suit or proceeding brought to enforce the mandatory indemnification 
provided herein. 
3. Any indemnification permitted under this Section, unless ordered by a court, shall be 
made by the Company only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that the 
indemnification is proper under the circumstances because the person to be indemnified has met 
the applicable standard of conduct and upon an evaluation of the reasonableness of expenses and 
amounts paid in settlement. This determination and evaluation shall be made by the vote of the 
majority of the percentage Membership Interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, 
no indemnification shall be provided to any Member, employee or agent of the Company for or 
in connection with the receipt of a financial benefit to which such person is not entitled, voting 
for or assenting to a distribution to the Members in violation of this Agreement or the LLC Law, 
or a knowing violation of other law. 
SECTION VII 
LIQUIDATION 
The Company shall be dissolved, and shall terminate and wind up its affairs, upon the 
determination of the Sole Member to do so. 
SECTION VIII 
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
A. Section Headings. The Section headings and numbers contained in this Agreement have 
been inserted only as a matter of convenience and for reference, and in no way shall be construed to 
define, limit or describe the scope or intent of any provision of this Agreement. 
B. 
Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision of this 
Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and this Agreement shall be construed in all 
respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions were omitted. 
C. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or revoked at any time, in writing, with 
the consent of the Sole Member. No change or modification to this Agreement shall be valid unless 
in writing and signed by the Sole Member. 

D. Binding Effect. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement relating to transferability, 
this Agreement will be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties, and their respective 
distributees, heirs, successors and assigns. 
E. Governing Law. The rights and obligations of the Sole Member, and any claims and 
disputes relating thereto, shall be subject to and governed by, and construed and enforced in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, including without limitation, the LLC Law, as 
well as all New York Laws applicable to contracts executed and to be fully performed within the 
State of New York, without application ofNew York's laws relating to conflicts oflaw. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Sole Member makes and executes this Operating 
Agreement on the day and year first written above. 
- ----
I 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.05.01 Motion.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.05.09 Order Signed.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.05.09 Order Signed.pdf
----------------------------------------
LN THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OFTHE VIRGl ISLAND 
FILED 
May 09, 2020 
I MARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS & ST. JOHN 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
) 
) CASE NO. ST-20-CV-155 
) 
) 
) 
) 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, et al., 
) 
) 
Defendants. 
) 
ORDER 
Defendants Indykes and Kahn having filed a Motion to Dismiss on or about May l , 2020; it 
IS 
ORDERED that Plaintiff shall respond to the Motion by June l, 2020, and Defendants may 
reply by June 15, 2020; and it is 
ORDERED that copies of this Order shall be directed to counsel of record. 
Dated: May 9, 2020. 
ATTEST: Tamara Charles 
Cl • o 
/ 
b 
Lon 
yv .... 
Cou 
_k Supervi 
:.:_ 
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.05.09 Order Signed.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.05.11 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.05.11 Notice of Entry of Judgment.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN TEf_E UPERJOR COURT 
OFTl:lE HRGlN I LAND 
FILED 
May 11, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
District of St. Thomas/St. John 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff 
v. 
Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155 
Action: Debt 
EST ATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE of ENTRY 
of 
ORDER 
To: Kyle R. Waldner,Esq. 
Christopher A. Kroblin,Esq. 
Please take notice that on 
a(n) 
ORDER 
----------------------
date d 
MAY 9, 2020 
was/were entered 
Dated: May 11, 2020 
by the Clerk in the above-titled matter. 
By: 
Tamara Charles 
Clerk of the Court 
Donna Donovan 
Court Clerk Supervisor 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.05.11 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.06.01 Motion.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.06.01 Motion.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OF THE \"IRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
June 01, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
ESTA TE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
RICHARD 
D. 
KAHN, in 
his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CIVIL CASE NO.: ST-20-CV-155 
JOINT MOTION TO STAY PROCEEDINGS 
Plaintiff GHISLAINE MAXWELL ("Plaintiff"), and Defendants DARREN K. INDYKE 
("Indyke") and RICHARD D. KAHN ("Kahn"), by and though their undersigned counsel, in their 
capacity as Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the "Estate"), and on behalf of the 
Estate and NES, LLC, an entity administered in probate by the Co-Executors as part of the Estate 
(collectively, the "Defendants"), through their respective undersigned attorneys, hereby file this 
Joint Motion to Stay Proceedings until September 7, 2020, and state as follows: 
1. 
"The power to stay proceedings is incidental to the power inherent in every court to 
control the disposition of the causes on its docket with economy of time and effort for itself, for 
counsel, and for litigants." Burke v. Treasure Bay V.I. Corp., 2016 WL 9503682, at *3 (V.I. Super. 
Oct. 6, 2016) (citing Landis v. North American Co., 299 U.S. 248, 254- 55 (1936)). Generally, the 
party seeking a stay "must make out a clear case of hardship or inequity in being required to go 

CIVIL CASE NO.: ST-20-CV-155 
Page 2 of 4 
forward, if there is even a fair possibility that the stay for which he prays will work damage to 
someone else." Landis, 299 U.S. at 254. To that end, in determining whether to grant a motion to 
stay, courts have considered the following factors: (1) whether a stay will simplify issues and 
promote judicial economy; (2) the balance of hmm to the parties; and (3) the length of the requested 
stay. See Burke, 2016 WL 9503682, at *3; Cheyney State Coll. Faculty v. Hufstedler, 703 F.2d 732, 
737-38 (3d Cir. 1983) (citing Landis, 299 U.S. at 254-55). 
2. 
Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the case on May 1, 2020, citing, in part, 15 
V.I.C. § 606(a), which provides that "[a]n action may be commenced against an executor or 
administrator at any time after the expiration of twelve months from the granting of letters 
testamentary or of administration and until the final settlement of the estate and discharge of such 
executor or administrator from the trust, and not otherwise." Here, Magistrate Judge Carolyn P. 
Hennon-Percell issued Letters Testamentary to Indyke and Kahn on September 6, 2019. 
3. 
Therefore, in the interest of judicial economy and preserving assets of the Estate, it is 
requested that the Court stay the instant proceeding until September 7, 2020, a definite period of 98 
days from the date of this Motion. The parties further stipulate that Plaintiffs response to 
Defendant's motion to dismiss shall be due on or by September 7, 2020. 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff and Defendants respectfully request that this Court enter an Order 
staying this proceeding until September 7, 2020, and for any such other and further relief that this 
Court deems just and proper. 

Dated: June 1, 2020 
CIVIL CASE NO.: ST-20-CV-155 
Page 3 of 4 
QUINTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A. 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
T: (340) 693-0230 
F: (340) 693-0300 
By: 
Isl Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
kwaldner(a;qpwblaw.com 
V.I. Bar No.: 1038 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Attorneys for Defendants 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
T: (340) 779-2564 
F: (888) 316-9269 
By: 
Isl Christopher Allen Krob/in 
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq. 
ckroblin(akellfer.com 
V.I. Bar No.: 966 

CIVIL CASE NO.: ST-20-CV-155 
Page 4 of 4 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served via email and 
U.S. Mail this 1st day of June, 2020 to: 
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
ckroblin(askellfer.com 
Isl Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
k\valdner(tuqpwblaw .com 
V.I. Bar No.: 1038 

IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
CIVIL CASE NO.: ST-20-CV-155 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
ESTATE 
OF 
JEFFREY 
E. 
EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE EST ATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his 
capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE 
OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
ORDER 
THIS MATTER is before the Court on the Joint Motion To Stay Proceedings between the 
parties hereto. The premises having been duly considered, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that the Joint Motion To Stay Proceedings is GRANTED; and it is fmther 
ORDERED that Plaintiffs response to Defendants' motion to dismiss shall be due on or 
by September 7, 2020; and it is further 
ORDERED that a certified copy of this Order shall be directed to counsel of record. 
Dated: 
, 2020 
---------
ATTEST: 
TAMARA CHARLES 
Clerk of the Court 
By: 
Deputy Clerk 
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.06.01 Motion.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.07.13 Exhibit A.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.07.13 Exhibit A.pdf
----------------------------------------
I THE SUPERIOR COURf 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
July 13, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF TIIE COURT 
EXHIBIT A 

IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STA TES 
VIRGIN ISLANDS, 
PLAINTIFF, 
V. 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as the 
EXECUTOR FOR THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN and ADMINISTRATOR OF THE 1953 
TRUST; RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
the EXECUTOR FOR THE ESTA TE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, and ADMINISTRATOR OF THE 
1953 TRUST; ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
THE 1953 TRUST, PLAN D, LLC; OREA T ST. 
JIM, LLC; NAUTILUS, INC.; HYPERION AIR, 
LLC; POPLAR, INC., SOUTHERN TRUST 
COMPANY, INC.; JOHN AND JANE DOES 
DEFENDANTS, 
Case No.: 
ACTION FOR DAMAGES 
JURY TRIAL DEMANDED 
FIRST AMENDED COMPLAINT 
,.,·. 
COMES NOW, the Government of the United States Virgin Islands ("Government") and 
files this First Amended Complaint against the above-named Defendants and in support thereof, 
would show unto the Court as follows: 
JURISDICTION AND PARTIES 
1. 
The Attorney General of the United States Virgin Islands (herein after "Virgin 
Islands") brings this action on behalf of the Plaintiff, Government of the Virgin Islands, pursuant 
to 3 V.I.C. § 114 and her statutory authority to enforce the laws of the Virgin Islands, and advocate 
for the public interest, safety, health and well-being of persons in the Virgin Islands. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page 2 of 55 
2. 
This Court has subject matter jurisdiction over this civil matter pursuant to 4 V.I.C. 
§ 76 and 14 V.I.C. § 607. 
3. 
This Court has personal jurisdiction over the parties pursuant to 5 V.I.C. § 4903. 
4. 
The Virgin Islands is an unincorporated territory of the United States. It consists 
of St. Thomas, St. Croix, St. John, and Water Island, and more than 40 surrounding islands and 
Cays, some of which are privately owned. Among these privately owned islands are Little St. 
James and Great St. James. 
5. 
Jeffrey E. Epstein ("Epstein") was a resident of the Virgin Islands and he 
maintained a residence on Little St. James, which he acquired in 1998 and in 2016 he also 
purchased Great St. James. 
6. 
Epstein registered as a sex offender in the Virgin Islands in 2010. He was a Tier 1 
offender under Virgin Islands law based upon his Florida conviction of procuring a minor for 
prostitution. As a Tier I offender, Epstein was required to register annually with the Virgin Islands 
Department of Justice ("VIDOJ") and give advance notice of his travel to and from the Virgin 
Islands. Epstein was also subject to random address verification by VIDOJ. 
7. 
Epstein was found dead on August 10, 2019 while in custody in New York for sex 
cnmes. 
8. 
Defendant Darren K. Indyke ("Defendant Indyke") is co-executor of the Estate of 
Jeffrey E. Epstein and Administrator of The 1953 Trust. 
9. 
Defendant Richard D. Kahn ("Defendant Kahn") is co-executor of The Estate of 
Jeffrey E. Epstein and Administrator of The 1953 Trust. 
10. 
Defendant, the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein ("Estate"), created upon Epstein's death, 
is domiciled in the Virgin Islands. On August 15, 2019, Defendants Indyke and Kahn filed a 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page3 ofSS 
Petition for Probate and Letters Testamentary which included Epstein's last will and testament 
with the Probate Division of the Superior Court of the Virgin Islands. 
11. 
The Petition reports the value of the real and personal property in The Estate located 
in the Virgin Islands at $577,672,654.00 dollars. 
12. 
According to the Petition, the assets in the Virgin Islands thus far includes: 
a. $56.5 million in cash; 
b. $127 million in fixed income and equity investments; 
c. $195 million in hedge fund and private equity investments; and 
d. $18.5 million in planes, boats, and automobiles. 
The Estate has not yet valued his fine arts, antiques, and other valuables. 
13. 
The Estate also includes shares of various corporate entities which hold residences 
and real property used by Epstein, namely: 
a. Brownstone in New York City valued at $56 million; 
b. Ranch in New Mexico valued at $72 million; 
c. Gated home in Palm Beach, Florida, valued at $12 million; 
d. Seven units in an apartment building in Paris, valued at $8 million; and 
e. Great St. James and Little St. James, collectively valued at $86 million. 
14. 
The Estate is responsible to pay damages for the acts committed by Epstein and the 
Epstein Enterprise described below. 
15. 
Defendant The 1953 Trust ("The Trust") was created by Epstein, who "amended 
and restated" its terms only two days before his suicide. That same day, Epstein revised his Last 
Will and Testament, transferring all of his "property, real and personal, wherever situated" to The 
Trust. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 4 of 55 
16. 
The Trust also contains Epstein's financial assets and is also responsible to pay 
damages for the acts committed by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise described below. 
Defendants Indyke and Kahn, filed a Certificate of Trust in the Superior Court of the Virgin Islands 
for The Trust on August 26, 2019. 
17. 
Epstein maintained a deliberately complex web of Virgin Islands corporations, 
limited liability companies, foundations, and other entities, not all of which are yet known to the 
Government of the Virgin Islands, through which he carried out and concealed his criminal 
conduct. 
18. 
Epstein regularly created new entities in the territory and transferred properties and 
funds between them in order to preserve and shield Epstein's assets and to facilitate and conceal 
the unlawful acts described in this Complaint. 
19. 
These entities held properties, including Little St. James and Great St. James, at 
which Epstein trafficked and sexually abused women and underage girls. Epstein owned and 
arranged for private planes, helicopters, boat and automobiles to transport victims to, from, and 
within the Virgin Islands, and provided money to pay these young women and underage girls. 
20. 
Epstein sat at the hub of this web, serving as president, member, manager, or 
director of each of the entities and, upon information and belief, directing their activities. 
. 
Defendant, Nautilus, Inc., is a corporation established and organized under the laws 
of the Virgin Islands. It was incorporated on November 22, 2011. 
22. 
According to records of the Virgin Islands Recorder of Deeds, Nautilus, Inc. owns 
Little St. James, a/k/a Parcel Number 109803010100, a parcel of3. l million square feet valued at 
$3.2 million, with buildings and improvements valued at $4 million. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 5 of55 
23. 
Epstein was president and director of Nautilus, Inc., which corporate filings 
describe as "holding property for personal use." Defendants Indyke and Kahn are the secretary and 
treasurer of Nautilus, Inc., respectively. The Estate values Epstein's holdings of Nautilus, Inc., 
which holds title to Little St. James at $63.9 million. 
24. 
A deed recorded with the Virgin Islands Recorder of Deeds on December 30, 2011 
reflects that the property was transferred from a Delaware entity, L.S.J ., LLC, to Nautilus, Inc. for 
"TEN DOLLARS ($10.00) and other good and valuable consideration." The quitclaim deed lists 
Jeffrey Epstein as the sole member of L.S.J., LLC, which it acquired Little Saint James via a 
warranty deed dated April 27, 1998. 
25. 
As described below, Epstein engaged in a pattern and practice of trafficking and 
sexually abusing young women and female children on this private, secluded island of Little St. 
James where Epstein and his associates could avoid detection of their illegal activity from Virgin 
Islands and federal law enforcement and prevent these young women and underage girls from 
leaving freely and escaping the abuse. 
26. 
Thus, Nautilus, Inc. participated in carrying out, facilitating and concealing 
Epstein's crimes, hence Little St. James became an instrumentality of those crimes. 
27. 
Defendant, Great St. Jim, LLC, is a limited liability company established and 
organized under the laws of the Virgin Islands. Great St. Jim, LLC was organized on October 26, 
2015. Great St. Jim, LLC, according to records of the Virgin Islands Recorder of Deeds, owns at 
least three properties that make up Great St. James acquired on January 28, 2016: Parcel Number 
109801010100, consisting of 3.5 million square feet and valued at $17.5 million; Parcel Number 
109801010200, consisting of 450,000 square feet of land, valued at $2.8 million; and Parcel 
Number 109801010300, 1.2 million square feet ofland, valued at $2.7 million. According to a 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 6 of55 
warranty deed filed with the Virgin Islands Recorder of Deeds, Epstein, through Great St. Jim, 
LLC, acquired the last two parcels for $5 million each. 
28. 
Epstein is listed as manager and a member of Great St. Jim, LLC and the nature of 
its business is described as "holding assets." 
29. 
Upon infonnation and belief, Epstein purchased these Great St. James properties-
the island with closest proximity to Little St. James-to further shield his conduct on Little St. 
James from view, prevent his detection by law enforcement or the public, and allow him to 
continue and conceal his criminal enterprise. Epstein's significant investment in the purchase of 
Great St. James demonstrates his intent to expand his illegal operation in the Virgin Islands for 
years to come. Thus, Great St. Jim, LLC participated in carrying out, concealing, facilitating and 
continuing Epstein's crimes, and Great St. James became an instrumentality of those crimes. 
30. 
Defendant, Poplar, Inc., is a corporation established and organized under the laws 
of the Virgin Islands. Poplar, Inc. was incorporated on November 22, 2011. Epstein was president 
and director of Poplar, Inc., and its purpose was described in corporate filings as "holding property 
for personal use." Defendants Indyke and Kahn are secretary and treasurer of Poplar, Inc., 
respectively. 
31. 
A certificate of incumbency provided to the Department of Planning and Natural 
Resources ("DPNR") also lists Epstein as president of Poplar, Inc. and expressly authorizes the 
incorporators to conduct "transactions related to permitting matters submitted on behalf of Great 
St. Jim, LLC." 
32. 
Poplar, Inc. is listed as the signatory for the 2017 Annual Report for Great St. Jim, 
LLC, and the signature appears to be Epstein's. The Petition for Probate and Letters Testamentary 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 7 of55 
filed by The Estate lists Poplar, Inc. as holding title to Great St. James. Thus, Poplar, Inc. 
participated in carrying out, concealing, facilitating and continuing Epstein's crimes. 
33. 
Defendant, Plan D, LLC is a limited liability company established and organized 
under the laws of the Virgin Islands. In its original Articles of Organization, filed October 19, 
2012, and Annual Report filings, Epstein's pilot, Larry Visoski, was listed as Plan D, LLC's sole 
manager/member. However, the July 31, 2019 Annual Report revealed Epstein as the principal 
behind Plan D, LLC. 
34. 
Upon information and belief, Plan D, LLC owns one or more of the airplanes and 
helicopters that Epstein used to transport young women and children to and from the Virgin Islands 
to carry out the criminal pattern of activity described below. Among the airplanes owned by Plan 
D, LLC is a Gulfstream with N-number N212JE. Flight logs and travel notices indicate that 
Epstein used this plane to traffic and transport and young women and underage girls to the Virgin 
Islands. 
35. 
Defendant, Hyperion Air, LLC is a limited liability company established and 
organized under the laws of the Virgin Islands on October 19, 2012. Jeffrey Epstein is a 
manager/member of Hyperion Air, LLC, along with his pilot, Larry Visoski. The purpose of 
Hyperion Air, LLC is listed in its Annual Report as "holding assets." 
36. 
Hyperion Air, LLC is the registered owner of a Bell helicopter with N-number 
N33 IJE and a Keystone helicopter with N-number N722JE. Upon information and belief, Epstein 
used these helicopters to transport young women and underage girls between St. Thomas and Little 
St. James. 
37. 
Defendant Southern Trust Company, Inc. was originally incorporated in the Virgin 
Islands on November 18, 2011 as Financial Informatics, Inc., but changed its name to Southern 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 8 of55 
Trust Company in September 2012. Southern Trust Company is a tenant at American Yacht 
Harbor in Red Hook, St. Thomas, and Epstein is a "passive investor" in IGY-A YH, d/b/a American 
Yacht Harbor. By the end of 2013, according to its corporate filings, Southern Trust Company 
has assets of $198.5 million; four years later, its assets reached $391.3 million. From 2011 until 
at least 2018, Jeffrey Epstein was the President/Director of Southern Trust Company, and 
Defendants Kahn and Indyke were Treasurer/Director and Secretary/Director, respectively. 
Epstein was the sole owner of Southern Trust Company. 
38. 
John and Jane Does represent individuals and entities whose identities or 
involvement with Epstein are currently unknown. The Government of the Virgin Islands will 
amend the Complaint to add these individuals and entities when discovered. 
39. 
The Attorney General brings this action to seek all remedies available to the 
Government of the Virgin Islands in enforcing its laws and protecting the public interest and public 
safety. These claims are distinct from, and are not intended to supplant, the claims of victims who 
were unconscionably harmed by Jeffrey Epstein and his associates. 
FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS 
A. The Conduct of the "Epstein Enterprise" in the Virgin Islands 
40. 
Epstein and his associates, including Defendants, identified and recruited female 
victims, including children, and transported them to the Virgin Islands where they were abused 
and injured. Epstein, through and in association with Defendants, trafficked, raped, sexually 
assaulted and held captive underage girls and young women at his properties in the Virgin Islands. 
41. 
Epstein created a network of companies and individuals who participated in and 
conspired with him in a pattern of criminal activity related to the sex trafficking, forced labor, 
sexual assault, child abuse, and sexual servitude of these young women and children. Epstein and 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page9 of55 
his associates trafficked underage girls to the Virgin Islands, held them captive, and sexually 
abused them, causing them grave physical, mental, and emotional injury. 
42. 
To accomplish his illegal ends, Epstein formed an association in fact with multiple 
Defendants and others (both companies and individuals) who were willing to participate in, 
facilitate, and conceal Epstein's criminal activity in exchange for Epstein's bestowal of financial 
and other benefits, including sexual services and forced labor from victims. 
43. 
This illicit association of Epstein, Defendants, and his associates constitute what is 
referred to herein as the "Epstein Enterprise." Epstein's associates in the Epstein Enterprise, 
including, but not limited to, those named as Defendants knowingly facilitated, participated in, and 
concealed Epstein's illegal conduct. 
44. 
Epstein used his wealth and power to create the Epstein Enterprise which engaged 
in a pattern of criminal activity in the Virgin Islands by repeatedly procuring and subjecting 
underage girls and young women to unlawful sexual conduct, sex trafficking, and forced labor. 
45. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in a pattern of criminal activity in the Virgin 
Islands ( and elsewhere) with the criminal purpose and goal of placing a steady supply of vulnerable 
female children and young women into sexual servitude in service of Epstein's desires, and those 
of his associates. The Epstein Enterprise maintained and made available young women and 
underage girls for the purpose of engaging them in forced labor and sexual activities and used 
coercion and deception to procure, abuse, and harbor its victims. 
46. 
Flight logs and other sources establish that between 2001 and 2019 the Epstein 
Enterprise transported underage girls and young women to the Virgin Islands, who were then taken 
via helicopter or private vessel to Little St. James where they were then deceptively subjected to 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 10 ofSS 
sexual servitude, forced to engage in sexual acts and coerced into commercial sexual activity and 
forced labor. 
47. 
In furtherance of its criminal activities, the Epstein Enterprise used its aircrafts to 
transport the young women and underage girls to the Virgin Islands for purposes of sexual abuse 
and exploitation. 
48. 
The Epstein Enterprise facilitated and participated in the sexual molestation and 
exploitation of numerous girls between the age of 12 and 17 years old. 
49. 
On the pretext of providing modeling opportunities, careers and contracts, 
associates of the Epstein Enterprise, funded by the Epstein Enterprise, lured and recruited young 
women and underage girls to travel to locations including the Virgin Islands where, upon 
infonnation and belief, based on the pattern and practice of the Epstein Enterprise, they were 
sexually abused and exploited. 
50. 
Associates in the Epstein Enterprise recruited both victims and abusers into the 
Epstein Enterprise, participated in sexual acts of rape and abuse of minors and witnessed Epstein 
and others engage in sexual acts with children. 
51. 
As recent as 2018, air traffic controllers and other airport personnel reported seeing 
Epstein leave his plane with young girls some of whom appeared to be between the age of 11 and 
years. 
52. 
Upon information and belief, based on Epstein's pattern of trafficking and sexually 
abusing young girls, the Epstein Enterprise trafficked and abused these girls, and others, in the 
Virgin Islands through 2018. 
53. 
When sued in civil court for committing sex trafficking and sex crimes, Epstein 
never denied engaging in sexual acts with underage females and procuring underage females for 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 11 of55 
prostitution, but instead consistently invoked his Fifth Amendment privilege against self-
incrimination. 
54. 
Upon information and belief, the Epstein Enterprise kept a computerized list of 
underage girls who were in or proximate to the Virgin Islands, and able to be transported to 
Epstein's residence at Little St. James in the Virgin Islands. 
55. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in a pattern of criminal conduct by trafficking 
children and young women and placing them in sexual servitude and forced labor in the Virgin 
Islands. The Epstein Enterprise repeatedly violated 14 V.I.C. §§ 133 to 138, which prohibit 
trafficking and sexual abuse. The Epstein Enterprise also repeatedly violated laws against child 
abuse and neglect, including 14 V.I.C. § 505, which defines the crime of child abuse as knowingly 
or recklessly causing "a child to suffer physical, mental, or emotional injury," or causing a child 
to be placed in a situation where such injury is foreseeable, and 14 V.1.C. § 506, which applies, as 
here, where the child suffers serious physical, mental, or emotional injury as a result of that abuse. 
The harm to Epstein's victims was both fully foreseeable and deeply damaging. 
56. 
The Epstein Enterprise knowingly recruited, transported, transferred, harbored, 
received, procured, obtained, isolated, maintained, and enticed young women and girls to engage 
in forced labor (such as providing massages) and, ultimately, sexual servitude at his little St. James 
residence. 
57. 
A 15 year old victim was forced into sexual acts with Epstein and others and then 
attempted to escape by swimming off the Little St. James island. Epstein and others organized a 
search party that located her and kept her captive by, among other things, confiscating her passport. 
58. 
Another victim, who was first engaged in provide massages to Epstein, was then 
forced to perform sexual acts at Little St. James in the Virgin Islands. When she attempted to 

GVl v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 12 of 55 
escape from the "private island," Epstein and a search party found her, returned her to his house, 
and suggested physical restraint or harm if she failed to cooperate. 
59. 
The Epstein Enterprise deceptively lured underage girls and women into its sex 
trafficking ring with money and promises of employment, career opportunities and school 
assistance. The Epstein Enterprise preyed on their financial and other vulnerabilities, and 
promised victims money, shelter, gifts, employment, tuition and other items of value. 
For 
example, participants in the Epstein Enterprise targeted young and underage females under the 
pretext that they would be paid substantially merely to provide massages to him and others. 
However, once drawn in, victims were then pressured and coerced to engage in sexual acts. 
60. 
The Epstein Enterprise forced underage victims to recruit others to perform services 
and engage in sexual acts- a trafficking pyramid scheme. 
61. 
The Epstein Enterprise paid girls for each "meeting," with additional money if they 
brought additional girls. Epstein reportedly required three meetings per day. 
62. 
The Epstein Enterprise used the term '·work" as a code for sexual abuse, and, upon 
information and belief, reportedly kept computer records of the contact infonnation for the victims. 
63. 
Consistent with his creation and use of a complex web of entities to carry out and 
conceal the criminal trafficking enterprise in the Virgin islands, the Epstein Enterprise sometimes 
paid young women and underage girls he exploited and trafficked through his charitable 
foundations. 
64. 
Once the girls and women were recruited, participants in the Epstein Enterprise 
enforced their sexual servitude of victims by coercion, including but not limited to, confiscating 
passports, controlling and extinguishing external communications, and threatening violence. They 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 13 ofSS 
also made fraudulent statements to family members of victims, claiming victims were being well 
cared for and supported financially in college and other educational opportunities. 
65. 
The Epstein Enterprise transported, held, sexually abused, trafficked, and 
concealed women and children at his property in the Virgin Islands dozens of times over nearly 
two decades. 
B. The "Epstein Enterprise" Abused Privileges of Residency to Carry out its 
Criminal Scheme 
66. 
The Epstein Enterprise in 1998 acquired Little St. James in the Virgin Islands as 
the perfect hideaway and haven for trafficking young women and underage girls for sexual 
servitude, child abuse and sexual assault. Little St. James is a secluded, private island, nearly two 
miles from St. Thomas with no other residents. It can be visited only by private boat or helicopter; 
no public or commercial transportation is available to carry persons on or off the island, and no 
bridge connects the island to St. Thomas. Epstein had easy access to Little St. James from the 
private airfield on St. Thomas, only l O minutes away by his private helicopter, but the women and 
children he trafficked, abused, and held there were not able to leave without his permission and 
assistance, as it was too far and dangerous to swim to St. Thomas. 
67. 
In 2016, upon information and belief, using a straw purchaser to hide Epstein's 
identity, the Epstein Enterprise acquired Great St. James the nearest island to Little St. James. By 
then, Epstein was a convicted sex offender. Upon information and belief, the Epstein Enterprise 
purchased the island for more than $20 million because its participants wanted to ensure that the 
island did not become a base from which others could view their activities or visitors. By acquiring 
ownership and control of Great St. James to the exclusion of others, the Epstein Enterprise created 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 14 of 55 
additional barriers to prevent those held involuntarily on Little St. James from escaping or 
obtaining help from others. 
68. 
Great St. James and Little St. James are environmentally sensitive locations, with 
native coral and wildlife protected by federal and territorial law and enforcement authorities. The 
Department of Planning and Natural Resources ("DPNR") regulates and monitors construction in 
the Coastal Zone to protect, maintain and manage the precious natural resources of the Virgin 
Islands. Under its authority, DPNR repeatedly issued citations and assessed thousands of dollars 
of fines for violations of the Virgin Islands construction code and environmental protection laws 
on both Little St. James and Great St. James-significant penalties to the agency and to the average 
resident of the Virgin Islands. But because of Epstein's enonnous wealth, these fines had little 
effect in curbing or stopping the Epstein Enterprise's unlawful conduct or conforming its activities 
to the law. 
69. 
As a result of illegal construction activity of the Epstein Enterprise, the Virgin 
Islands has incurred, and will incur, significant expenses to remove the illegal construction or 
remediate its effects on natural resources in and around Little St. James and Great St. James. The 
extent of the potential environmental damage is unknown at this time as the illegal construction 
has not been removed or remediated. 
70. 
The Epstein Enterprise continues to attempt to prevent or limit DPNR authorities 
from conducting random inspections on the Little St. James and Great St. James necessary to 
comply with Virgin Islands law. 
. 
The Epstein Enterprise's violation of the construction and environmental laws was 
part of a pattern of behavior in flouting the laws of the Virgin Islands and holding itself above the 
law. 
Upon information and belief, as described above, the Epstein Enterprise undertook 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 15 of5S 
construction at Great St. James after 2016 to continue the scheme to carry out and conceal his 
trafficking and sexual abuse of young women and children in the Virgin Islands. These actions 
are also indicative of the Epstein Enterprise's disregard for Virgin Islands' law. The Epstein 
Enterprise used the Virgin Islands' land, resources, people, and laws for its illicit purposes. Rather 
than participating lawfully in this community, the Epstein Enterprise took advantage of the 
secluded nature of the islands in furtherance of its crimes. 
72. 
As a result of its deplorable and unlawful conduct, the Epstein Enterprise has 
subjected the Virgin Islands to public portrayals as a hiding place for human trafficking and sex 
crimes. 
C. The "Epstein Enterprise" Fraudulently Concealed its Conduct 
73. 
The Epstein Enterprise fraudulently concealed its actions to prevent detection by 
the Government of the Virgin Islands. 
74. 
The secluded properties at Little St. James and Great St. James were repeatedly 
used by the Epstein Enterprise as the locations for unlawfully soliciting, transporting, transferring, 
harboring, receiving, providing, isolating, patronizing, maintaining, deceiving, coercing, and 
sexually abusing young women and children and concealing these crimes. 
75. 
The Epstein Enterprise was able to hide the trafficking ring from law enforcement, 
despite the fact that Epstein was a registered sex offender. Given the isolation of the Little St. 
James and Great St. James and the nature of the crimes and of the victims targeted by the Epstein 
Enterprise, the activities of the Epstein Enterprise were not readily detectable. Moreover, Epstein's 
great wealth and power likely made witnesses reluctant to report their observations to the local law 
enforcement. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 16 of 55 
76. 
Upon information and belief, the Epstein Enterprise prevented its employees from 
cooperating with law enforcement. Employees and others were required to sign confidentiality 
agreements that prohibited them from speaking to or sharing infonnation with law enforcement. If 
they were contacted by law enforcement they were to notify the Epstein Enterprise and be 
represented by Epstein's counsel. 
77. 
The employees were directed not to communicate or interact with guests visiting 
Little St. James and were also directed not to disclose to anyone events that occurred on the island. 
78. 
Monitoring a sex offender with his own private islands and the resources to fly 
victims in and out on private planes and helicopters presented unique challenges and allowed the 
Epstein Enterprise to limit scrutiny by the Government of the Virgin Islands. 
79. 
Sexual Offender Registration and Community Protection Act ("SORCPA") 14 
V.I.C. § 1721, et. seq. requires sex offenders to register in their resident jurisdictions and to make 
periodic in-person appearances to verify and update their registration information. 
80. 
Epstein renewed his registration each year in the Virgin Islands. 
ln addition, 
beyond this statutory requirement, the Virgin Islands periodically visited--or attempted to visit-
Little St. James to conduct additional address verifications. 
81. 
At his last verification in July 2018, Epstein refused to permit Virgin Islands 
Department of Justice Investigators, assisted by United States Marshals, to enter Little St. James 
beyond its dock, claiming that the dock was his "front door." Instead, Epstein arranged to be met 
at his office on St. Thomas. 
82. 
Epstein also misled the Government regarding his travel plans. On March 19, 2019, 
the Virgin Islands was notified that Epstein would be traveling to France for 10 days on the private 
plane owned by Plan D, LLC. His notification fonn did not disclose travel to any other countries. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 17 ofSS 
It was later found by law enforcement authorities that Epstein also travelled to Vienna and Monaco 
during that trip. 
83. 
Similarly, the Epstein Enterprise sought to prevent DPNR from conducting routine 
site visits to inspect unpennitted and potentially damaging construction activity on Great St. James. 
The Epstein Enterprise repeatedly objected to DPNR's inspections referring to them as "invasions" 
of Epstein's constitutional right to privacy in his home, which he described defined as the entire 
island. These DPNR inspections are required for all construction and Virgin Islands residents are 
required to cooperate with the inspections to assure compliance with the law throughout the 
construction phases. 
84. 
These efforts represent Epstein Enterprise's intent to conceal its unlawful activity 
on Little St. James and Great St. James. 
85. 
The Epstein Enterprise also created numerous corporations and limited liability 
companies in the Virgin Islands to help conceal its unlawful activity. Most of these companies 
were created in 2011 and 2012, soon after Epstein registered as a sex offender in the Virgin Islands. 
86. 
Epstein's pilot, Larry Visoski is identified as member or co-member in companies 
that serviced and maintained the planes that the Epstein Enterprise used to traffick young women 
and children - Freedom Air Petroleum, LLC (registered November 28, 2011 to hold assets); and 
JEGE, LLC (registered October 19, 2012 to hold assets). 
87. 
Other Epstein entities include LSJ Employees, LLC (registered October 27, 2011 
to provide services); Southern Financial, LLC (registered February 25, 2013 to provide services) 
and LSJ Emergency, LLC (registered December 2, 2015 to provide services). 
88. 
Some of these companies held considerable assets: Financial Informatics, Inc. 
(incorporated November 18, 2011, also known as Southern Trust Company, Inc.) had assets of 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page 18 of 55 
approximately $391 million in 2015; and Financial Trust Company, Inc. (incorporated November 
6, 1998) had assets of $212 million when it publicly filed its last balance sheet in 2012. 
89. 
Though often absent in the original incorporation or registration documents or 
annual filings, Epstein ultimately appeared as president, director, manager, or sole member of each 
of these companies. Upon information and belief, the purpose of this complex array of corporate 
entities-some of which may still be discovered-was to allow Epstein to shelter his assets in 
order to fund, carry out, and conceal his identity and pattern of criminal conduct. 
90. 
The Estate continues to engage in a course of conduct aimed at concealing the 
criminal activities of the Epstein Enterprise. On November 24, 2019, Epstein's Estate filed an 
Expedited Motion for Establishment of a Voluntary Claims Resolution Program in the Superior 
Court of the Virgin Islands. ("Motion"). According to the Motion, the proposed program was to 
be designed to "establish an independent and voluntary claims resolution program for purposes of 
resolving sexual abuse claims against Jeffrey E. Epstein." (Motion, at 1). 
91. 
The program proposed by the Estate, whose executors are trustees of The 1953 
Trust and officers in at least two Epstein entities, imposes confidentiality requirements and 
requires any claimant accepting an award under the program to sacrifice any other claims against 
"any person or entity arising from or related to Mr. Epstein's conduct." (Motion, at 5). It acts to 
conceal the criminal activities of the Epstein Enterprise and shield its participants from liability 
and accountability for the injury they caused to the victims. 
92. 
Two days before his death, Epstein amended The Trust and his Last Will and 
Testament. Upon information and belief, he did so, as part of a pattern and ongoing effort to 
conceal and shield his assets from potential recovery by claimants. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 19of55 
D. The "Epstein Enterprise" Violated Numerous Virgin Islands Laws 
93. 
The pattern of criminal activity engaged in by Epstein and other participants in the 
Epstein Enterprise violated 14 V.I.C. §§ 605 and 607 of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt 
Organizations Act C'CICO"). 
94. 
The Epstein Enterprise also violated Title 14, Chapter 3A, The Virgin Islands 
Uniform Prevention of and Remedies for Human Trafficking Act relating to Trafficking of 
Persons; Title 14, Chapter 24, relating to Child Protection and Child Abuse and Neglect; Title 14, 
Chapter 81, relating to Prostitution and Related Offenses; Title 18, Chapter 85, relating to Rape 
and Sexual Assault and other related offenses, as well as other Virgin Islands laws. 
95. 
The Epstein Enterprise violated Virgin Islands laws by engaging in the human 
trafficking of underage girls and young women and commercial sex with young women and 
underage girls by force, fraud, enticement, or coercion, which serve as predicates to the Epstein 
Enterprise's violations of CICO. 
96. 
Certain participants who recruited women and underage girls to be trafficked and 
forced into sexual servitude themselves were sexually trafficked and abused by the Epstein 
Enterprise and may be afforded the protections of 14 V.1.C. § 145. 
97. 
Specifically, Plan D, LLC knowingly and intentionally facilitated the trafficking 
scheme by flying underage girls and young women into the Virgin Islands to be delivered into 
sexual servitude. 
Plan D LLC repeatedly made flights from the mainland to St. Thomas with 
Epstein and underage girls and young women for the purpose of engaging in sexual activity on 
Little St. James. On some occasions, they would transport Epstein and female children by 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 20 of 55 
helicopter to Little St. James. On other occasions, Epstein and the young women and girls would 
be transported by boat. 
98. 
Great St. Jim, LLC and Nautilus, Inc. knowingly participated in the Epstein 
Enterprise and facilitated the trafficking and sexual servitude of young women and underage girls 
by providing the secluded properties at, from, or to which Epstein and his associates were able to 
transport, transfer, receive, maintain, isolate, harbor, provide, entice, deceive, coerce, and sexually 
abuse underage girls and young women. 
99. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in a continuing course of unlawful conduct. 
I 00. 
After Epstein's suicide, the Epstein Enterprise continued to exist as each of the 
participants continued to conspire to prevent detection of the breadth and scope of the Epstein 
Enterprise's criminal wrongdoing and to prevent accountability. These conspiratorial acts are 
ongoing. 
l O 1. 
The conduct of the Epstein Enterprise offends the core purpose of the Virgin Islands 
Uniform Prevention of and Remedies for Human Trafficking Act, 14 V.I.C. § 131 et seq, and 
violates CICO, enacted to ''curtail criminal activity and lessen its economic and political power in 
the Territory of the Virgin Islands by establishing new penal prohibitions and providing to law 
enforcement and the victims of criminal activity new civil sanctions and remedies." 14 V.I.C. § 
601. 
102. 
The Epstein Enterprise is an illicit enterprise within the meaning of 14 V. l.C. § § 
604 and 605. 
l 03. 
The Government is entitled to recover civil penalties, damages and other remedies 
and to extinguish and recoup from the Epstein Enterprise any and all financial and other benefits, 
and any personal and real property that was used during the course of, or intended for use in the 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 21 of 55 
course of the conduct or criminal activity in violation of the laws of the Virgin Islands. The 
Government is entitled to obtain through divestiture, forfeiture, or other equitable relief all 
properties and instrumentalities used by the Epstein Enterprise in the criminal pattern of trafficking 
and sexual abuse in the Virgin Islands, including but not limited to Great St. James and Little St. 
James, and all other remedies and penalties permitted by law in the interest of justice. 
E. The Epstein Enterprise Used Corporate Entities to Defraud the Government and 
Fund its Criminal Activities 
104. 
In October 2012, the Southern Trust Company applied for economic benefits from 
the Economic Development Commission ("EDC"). The EDC is a subsidiary of the Virgin Islands 
Economic Development Authority ("EDA"), a semi-autonomous governmental instrumentality 
created and governed pursuant to 29 VIC § 110 l. 
I 05. 
In sworn testimony at a public hearing on the tax incentive application conducted 
by the EDC on November 15, 2012, Epstein and his attorney, Ericka Kellerhals, described 
Southern Trust Company as providing "cutting edge consulting services" in the area of 
"biomedical and financial informatics." 
106. 
The EDC granted Southern Trust Company a IO-year package of economic 
incentives running from February 1, 2013 until January 31, 2023 that included a 90% exemption 
from income taxes and 100% exemptions from gross receipts, excise, and withholding taxes in the 
Virgin Islands. 
107. 
Between 2013 and 2019, Southern Trust Company employed 13 different 
individuals (not including Epstein). Of those 13 individuals, 11 served in administrative or support 
roles: six as personal, administrative, or executive assistants, receptionists, or as a driver/helper, 
one as an office manager, one as a clerk, and three in accounting or payroll functions (though only 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 22 of 55 
one was licensed as a certified public accountant). There was one network administrator/IT 
manager, and a second who was added in 2019. 
108. 
In fact, several of those individuals seemed to perform other personal services for 
Jeffrey Epstein. Though he was reported by Southern Trust Company to be resident of the Virgin 
Islands, the network administrator/IT manager was issued a Florida driver's license, which listed 
an address in Miami. Further, he appears, in fact, to have served as Epstein's driver and picked up 
luggage and cargo from Epstein's private planes on his behalf. 
109. 
Another executive assistant lived at 301 E. 66th Street, Apartment 11 B, New York, 
New York. Epstein's address book lists units various units in this building as providing "Apt. for 
models" and she is publicly identified as a model. As noted above, the Epstein Enterprise used 
modeling opportunities and contracts as a pretext for recruiting underage girls and young women 
into its sex trafficking scheme. 
110. 
During several time periods, Southern Trust Company affirmed to EDC that it had 
no employees who were non-residents, even though it employed non-residents. 
111. 
Despite having only one full-time employee working on information technology 
during the bulk of the period, Southern Trust Company reportedly generated net income of $50.3 
million in 2013, $67 .5 million in 2014, $52.8 million in 2015, and $4.8 million in 2016 and $17. l 
million in 2017, with aggregate income of $117.8 million in 2014, $170.6 million in 2015, $175.3 
million in 2016 and $192.4 million in 2017, or aggregate income for the period of $656 million. 
112. 
For the period between January 1, 2013 and December 31 , 2017, Southern Trust 
Company received tax exemptions totaling $73.6 million. 
113. 
As of December 31, 2017, Southern Trust Company, Inc. elected to file its income 
tax as an S-corporation, which elects to pass corporate income, losses, deductions and credits 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 23 of55 
through to its sole shareholder-Jeffrey Epstein-for tax purposes. For this time period, Epstein's 
income tax exemption was $71.3 million. 
114. 
Based upon these facts, it is clear that Southern Trust Company did not perform the 
"informatics" business represented to the EDC and could not have generated the business income 
attributable to that business. Instead, upon information and belief, Southern Trust Company 
existed to secure tax benefits for Epstein, to employ individuals associated with the Epstein 
Enterprise, and to provide a source of income to support his criminal activities and properties in 
the Virgin Islands. 
COUNT ONE 
Human Trafficking - Trafficking an Individual 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; and 14 V.1.C §133 
115. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs I to 115 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
116. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated in 
or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
117. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, knowingly recruiting, 
transporting, transferring, harboring, receiving, providing, obtaining, isolating, maintaining, or 
enticing female children and young women in the furtherance and performance of forced labor, 
sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity in violation of Virgin Islands laws codified in 14 
V.I.C. §§ 133-138. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 24 of 55 
118. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, directly 
or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
119. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal activity 
conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
120. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT TWO 
Human Trafficking - Trafficking an Individual 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act 
V.1.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.l.C §133 
121. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-120 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
122. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate laws 
prohibiting human trafficking. 
123. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in the 
criminal conspiracy by recruiting, transporting, transferring, harboring, receiving, providing, 
obtaining, isolating, maintaining or enticing female children and young women in the furtherance 
and performance of forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity in violation of 
Virgin Islands laws codified in 14 V.I.C. § 133 -138. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 25 of55 
124. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, forced 
labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in knowing or 
reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
125. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
126. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT THREE 
Human Trafficking - Forced Labor 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; and 14 V.I.C §134 
I 27. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-126 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
128. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated in 
or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
129. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, knowingly using coercion 
to compel underage girls and young women to provide labor or services by forced labor in violation 
of 14 V.LC. § 134. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 26 of 55 
130. 
The Epstein Enterprise knowingly provided or obtained the labor services of 
individuals by means of force, threats of force, physical restraint, and/or threats of physical 
restraint; by means of serious harm or threats of serious harm; by means of abuse or threatened 
abuse of law or legal processes; and by means of the Epstein Enterprise with the intent to cause 
individuals to believe that, if individuals did not perform such labor or services, individuals would 
suffer serious hann or physical restraint. 
131. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity directly and indirectly participated 
in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
132. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, directly 
or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
133. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal activity 
conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
134. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT FOUR 
Human Trafficking - Forced Labor 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; and 14 V.I.C §134 
135. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-134 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
136. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate laws 
prohibiting human trafficking. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 27 ofSS 
137. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in the 
criminal conspiracy by knowingly using coercion to compel underage girls and young women to 
provide labor or services by forced labor in violation of 14 V.I.C. § 134. 
138. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, forced 
labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in knowing or 
reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
139. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
140. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT FIVE 
Human Trafficking-Sexual Servitude 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §135 
141 . 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-140 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
142. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated in 
or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
143. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, knowingly maintaining 
or making available minors for the purpose of engaging the minors in commercial sexual activities 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 28 of55 
or using coercion or deception to force young women to engage in commercial sexual activity in 
violation of 14 V.l.C. § 135. 
144. 
On the pretext of providing modeling opportunities, careers and contracts, 
Defendants facilitated the transporting or recruiting of young women and girls or lured and 
recruited young women and underage girls to travel to the Virgin Islands where they engaged in 
sexual acts with Epstein and others. In some instances, young women and underage girls were 
given scholarships, money, gifts or other items of value in exchange for engaging in sexual acts 
with Epstein and others. 
145. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity directly and indirectly participated 
in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
146. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, directly 
or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
147. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal activity 
conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
148. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT SIX 
Human Trafficking - Sexual Servitude 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §135 
149. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-148 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 29 ofSS 
l 50. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate laws 
prohibiting human trafficking. 
151. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join the criminal 
conspiracy by knowingly maintaining or making available minors for the purpose of engaging the 
minors in commercial sexual activities or using coercion or deception to force young women to 
engage in commercial sexual activity in violation of 14 V.I.C. § 135. 
152. 
On the pretext of providing modeling opportunities, careers and contracts, 
Defendants facilitated the transporting or recruiting of young women and girls or lured and 
recruited young women and underage girls to travel to the Virgin Islands where they engaged in 
sexual acts with Epstein and others. In some instances, young women and underage girls were 
given scholarships, money, gifts or other items of value in exchange for engaging in sexual acts 
with Epstein and others. 
153. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, forced 
labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in knowing or 
reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
154. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
155. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 30 of55 
COUNT SEVEN 
Human Trafficking - Patronizing Minors and Victims of Sexual Servit111de 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §§ 136-37 
156. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-155 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
157. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated in 
or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
158. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, knowingly giving, 
agreeing to give, or offering to give items of value to young women and minors so that the young 
women and minors would engage in commercial sexual activity with Epstein, other Defendants, 
and other individuals in violation of 14 V.I.C. §§ 136-137. 
159. 
In some instances, young women and underage girls were given scholarships, 
money, gifts or other items of value in exchange for engaging in sexual acts with Epstein and 
others. 
160. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity directly and indirectly participated 
in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
161. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, directly 
or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
162. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of crimi1nal activity 
conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI' s First Amended Complaint 
Page 31 ofSS 
I 63. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT EIGHT 
Human Trafficking - Patronizing Minors and Victims of Sexual Servitude 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §§ 136-37 
164. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-163 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
165. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate laws 
prohibiting human trafficking. 
166. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in the 
criminal conspiracy by knowingly giving, agreeing to give, or offering to give items of value to 
young women and minors so that the young women and minors would engage in commercial 
sexual activity with Epstein, other Defendants, and other individuals in violation of 14 V.I.C. §§ 
136-137. 
167. 
In some instances, young women and underage girls were given scholarships, 
money, gifts or other items of value in exchange for engaging in sexual acts with Epstein and 
others. 
168. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, forced 
labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in knowing or 
reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 32 of 55 
169. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 
170. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT NINE 
Child Abuse and Neglect 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §§ 505, 506 and 507 
171. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-170 of this Complaint as if as 
if fully set forth herein. 
172. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated in 
or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
173. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, knowingly or recklessly 
causing a child to suffer physical, mental or emotional injury, or knowingly or recklessly causing 
a child to be placed in a situation where it is reasonably foreseeable that such child may suffer 
physical, mental or emotional injury, in violation Virgin Islands criminal laws prohibiting Child 
Abuse and Neglect in Title 14 V.I.C. § 500 et. seq. 
174. 
As a result of the Epstein Enterprise's actions numerous young girls suffered 
serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
175. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, directly 
or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 

,, 
GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page33 ofSS 
176. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal activity 
conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
177. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT TEN 
Child Abuse and Neglect 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §§ 505,506 and 507 
178. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-177 of this Complaint as if as 
if fully set forth herein. 
179. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate laws 
prohibiting child abuse and neglect. 
180. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in the 
criminal conspiracy as they knowingly or recklessly caused a child to suffer physical, mental or 
emotional injury, or knowingly or recklessly caused a child to be placed in a situation where it is 
reasonably foreseeable that such child may suffer physical, mental or emotional injury, in violation 
Virgin Islands criminal laws prohibiting Child Abuse and Neglect in Title 14 V.I.C. § 500 et seq. 
181. 
As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous young girls suffered serious physical, 
mental and emotional injury. 
182. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, forced 
labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in knowing or 
reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page34 of55 
183. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
184. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.1.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT ELEVEN 
Aggravated Rape 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C § 1700a 
185. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-184 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
186. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated in 
or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
187. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, conduct that constituted 
or facilitated the rape of minors by force, intimidation, or the perpetrator's position of authority 
over the victim. 
188. 
Epstein and others, using force or intimidation, engaged in sexual intercourse with 
underage girls without their consent in violation of 14 V .LC. § 1700a. 
189. 
As a result of the Epstein Enterprise's actions, numerous underage girls suffered 
serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
190. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, directly 
or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page35 ofSS 
191. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal activity 
conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
192. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT TWELVE 
Aggravated Rape 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C § 1700a 
193. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-192 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
194. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate laws 
prohibiting aggravated rape. 
195. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in the 
criminal conspiracy by engaging in conduct that constituted or facilitated the rape of minors by 
force, intimidation, or the perpetrator's position of authority over the victim. 
196. 
Epstein and others, using force or intimidation, engaged in sexual intercourse with 
underage girls without their consent in violation of 14 V.1.C. § 1700a. 
197. 
As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous underage girls suffered serious 
physical, mental and emotional injury. 
198. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, forced 
labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in knowing or 
reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 36 of55 
199. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(i). 
200. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT THIRTEEN 
Rape in the Second Degree 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C § 1702 
201. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs I- 200 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
202. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated in 
or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
203. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, conduct that constituted 
or facilitated the rape of girls under 18 years of age. 
204. 
Epstein and others who engaged in rape were over 18 years old at the time of the 
incidents. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page37 of55 
205. 
As a result of the Epstein Enterprise's actions, numerous minors suffered serious 
physical, mental and emotional injury. 
206. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, directly 
or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
207. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal activity 
conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
208. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.1.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT FOURTEEN 
Rape in the Second Degree 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C § 1702 
209. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-208 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
210. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate laws 
prohibiting rape in the second degree. 
211 . 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in the 
criminal conspiracy by engaging in conduct that constituted or facilitated the rape of girls under 
years of age. 
212. 
Epstein and others who engaged in rape were over 18 years old at the time of the 
incidents. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 38 of55 
213. 
As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous minors suffered serious physical, 
mental and emotional injury. 
214. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, forced 
labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in knowing or 
reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
215. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604U). 
216. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT FIFTEEN 
Unlawful Sexual Contact in the First or Second Degree 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §§ 1708 and 1709 
217. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1- 216 of this Complaint as if as 
if fully set forth herein. 
218. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated in 
or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
219. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, using or facilitating the 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page39 ofSS 
use of force or coercion to accomplish sexual contact or engaging in sexual contact with a minor 
between 13 and 16 years of age. 
220. 
Epstein and others who engaged in the sexual contact were over 18 years old at the 
time of the incidents. 
221. 
As a result of the Epstein Enterprise's actions numerous young women and minors 
suffered serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
222. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, directly 
or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
223. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal activity 
conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
224. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO 
V.LC. §600 et seq. 
COUNT SIXTEEN 
Unlawful Sexual Contact in the First or Second Degree 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §§ 1708 and 1709 
225. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs l - 224 of this Complaint as if 
as if fully set forth herein. 
226. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate laws 
prohibiting unlawful sexual contact. 
227. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in the 
criminal conspiracy by using or facilitating the use of force or coercion to accomplish sexual 
contact or engaging in sexual contact with a minor between 13 and 16 years of age. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 40 of 55 
228. 
Epstein and others who engaged in the sexual contact were over 18 years old at the 
time of the incidents. 
229. 
As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous young women and minors suffered 
serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
230. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, forced 
labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in knowing or 
reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
231. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604U). 
232. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT SEVENTEEN 
Prostitution and Keeping House of Prostitution 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.: 14 V.I.C. §§ 1622, 1624 
233. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs I - 232 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
234. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated in 
or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page41 of55 
235. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including the engaging in or facilitating the knowing 
and/or reckless abuse of minors through the acts alleged herein. 
236. 
The Epstein Enterprise knowingly persuaded, induced, enticed, and/or coerced 
women and children to travel to the Virgin Islands to engage in prostitution and/or sexual activity, 
and/or attempted to do the same. 
237. 
The Epstein Enterprise kept, maintained, and/or permitted his property at Little St. 
James to be used for the purpose of prostitution, lewdness or assignation with knowledge or 
reasonable cause to know the same. 
238. 
The Epstein Enterprise received or offered or agreed to receive women and children 
at his property at Little St. James for the purposes of prostitution, lewdness or assignation, and/or 
permitted women and children to remain there for such purposes. 
239. 
The Epstein Enterprise directed, took, transported, and or offered or agreed to take 
or transport women and children to Little St. James with the knowledge or reasonable cause to 
know that the purpose of such directing, taking or transporting was prostitution, lewdness or 
assignation. 
240. 
The Epstein Enterprise knew or should reasonably have known that individuals that 
were the subjects of the actions described in this Count were minors. 
241. 
As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous young women and minors suffered 
serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
242. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, directly 
or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 42 of 55 
243. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal activity 
conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
244. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.l.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT EIGHTEEN 
Prostitution and Keeping House of Prostitution 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.: 14 V.I.C. §§ 1622, 1624. 
245. 
The Government restated and realleges paragraph 1 - 244 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
246. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined a conspiracy to laws against 
prostitution. 
247. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in the 
criminal conspiracy by engaging in or facilitating the persuasion, inducement, enticement or 
coercion of women and children to travel to the Virgin Islands to engage in prostitution and/or 
sexual activity, and/or attempted to do the same; keeping, maintaining, and/or permitting Epstein's 
property at Little St. James, to be used for the purpose of prostitution, lewdness or assignation with 
knowledge or reasonable cause to know the same; receiving, offering, or agreeing to receive 
individuals at his property at Little St. James for the purposes of prostitution, lewdness or 
assignation, and/or permitted women and children to remain there for such purposes; and directing, 
taking, transporting, and/or offering or agreeing to take or transport women and children to Little 
St. James with the knowledge or reasonable cause to know that the purpose of such directing, 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page43 of55 
taking or transporting was prostitution, lewdness or assignation, in violation of 14 V.l.C. §§ 1622 
and 1624. 
248. 
Defendants knew or should reasonably have known that individuals that were the 
subjects of the actions described in this Count were minors. 
249. 
As a result of Defendants' actions numerous young women and minors suffered 
serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
250. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, forced 
labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in knowing or 
reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
251. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
252. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page44 of55 
COUNT NINETEEN 
Sex Off ender Registry 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.: 14 V.I.C. § 1721 et seq. 
253. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1- 240 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
254. 
Epstein was required to, and did, register under the Virgin Islands Sexual Offender 
Registration and Community Protection Act ("SORCPA") codified at 14 V.I.C. § 1721 et seq. 
255. 
SORCPA requires that offenders required to register provide information relating 
to intended travel in foreign commerce. 
256. 
On at least two occasions, Epstein traveled to Vienna and Monaco without 
disclosing that travel to the Virgin Islands sex offender registry. 
257. 
Epstein's failure to disclose this travel before, during, or even after his travel was 
knowing. 
258. 
Epstein's violation SORPCA was part of a pattern of criminal activity that was not 
isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise. 14 V.I.C. §604(i). 
COUNT TWENTY 
Fraudulent Conveyance 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.: 14 V.I.C. §§ 832-833 
259. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1- 258 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
260. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly participated in 
or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page45 of55 
261. 
Each Defendant engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to transferring assets to and 
between various entities controlled by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise to avoid, defeat, hinder 
or delay claims against them. 
262. 
Upon information and belief, in an effort to defeat the claims of creditors and avoid 
the oversight of the court probating his estate, Epstein, days before his death, transferred significant 
assets, including assets held by other Defendants, into The 1953 Trust. 
263. 
At the time of these transfers, Epstein had numerous actions pending against him 
related to his trafficking and sexual assaults seeking financial judgments. 
264. 
Through these transfers, Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise fraudulently removed 
property and effects beyond the jurisdiction of the probate court. 
265. 
Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise were parties to the fraudulent conveyance of the 
property, real or personal, and/or the interests or rights arising out of property, contracts, or 
conveyances of Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise. 
266. 
Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise acted with the intent to defeat, hinder, or delay 
creditors and claimants, including the Government of the Virgin Islands, in collecting on their 
judgements, debts and demands. 
267. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, directly 
or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
268. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal activity 
conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 46 of 55 
269. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT TWENTY-ONE 
Fraudulent Conveyance 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.: 14 V.I.C. §§ 832-833 
270. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 269 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
271 . 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to commit 
fraudulent conveyances. 
272. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in the 
criminal conspiracy, including, but not limited to, transferring assets to and between various 
entities controlled by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise to avoid, defeat, hinder or delay claims 
against them. 
273. 
Upon information and belief, in an effort to defeat the claims of creditors and avoid 
the oversight of the court probating his estate, Epstein, days before his death, transferred significant 
assets, including assets held by other Defendants, into The 1953 Trust. 
274. 
At the time of this transfer, Epstein had numerous actions pending against him 
related to his trafficking and sexual assaults seeking financial judgments. 
275. 
Through this transfer, Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise fraudulently removed 
property and effects beyond the jurisdiction of the probate court. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page47 of55 
276. 
Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise were parties to the fraudulent conveyance of the 
property, real or personal, and/or the interests or rights arising out of property, contracts, or 
conveyances of Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise. 
277. 
Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise acted with the intent to defeat, hinder, or delay 
the Government of the Virgin Islands and other creditors and claimants to collect on their 
judgements, debts and demands. 
278. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, forced 
labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young women in knowing or 
reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
279. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
280. 
At all times material herdn, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT TWENTY-TWO 
Civil Conspiracy 
281. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 - 280 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 48 of 55 
282. 
Defendants acted in concert and joined with others to perform the wrongful acts 
identified in Counts 1 to 13, among others, concealing the sexual abuse of minor females by 
unlawful means. 
283. 
Each co-conspirator knew, or in the exercise ofreasonable care should have known, 
about the conduct of the others and about the common unlawful scheme. 
284. 
These unlawful acts could not have been carried to the length and extent 
accomplished without the common understanding shared by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise 
Defendants. 
285. 
Each of the Defendants had a duty to report, stop or terminate the wrongful conduct, 
but instead each Defendant concealed, assisted and furthered the wrongful acts by use of civil 
conspiracy. 
286. 
As a direct and proximate result of Defendants' conspiracy, the Virgin Island has 
been injured. 
287. 
Each co-conspirator is jointly and severally liable for the acts alleged herein. 
COUNT TWENTY-THREE 
Fraudulent Claims Upon the Government 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C. § 843 
288. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs_ 1-287 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
289. 
At all times relevant and material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 49 of55 
290. 
Each Defendant engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, making fraudulent claims 
upon the Government. 
291. 
The Epstein Enterprise misrepresented the purpose, activities, employment, and 
income of the Southern Trust Company, Inc., in order to obtain and maintain valuable tax 
incentives in order to fund the criminal activities of the Epstein Enterprise. In addition, the Epstein 
Enterprise used Southern Trust Company to employ, pay, and conceal the activities of participants 
in the criminal activities of the Enterprise. 
292. 
The Epstein Enterprise made and presented an application for tax incentives, 
testimony, and quarterly reports to the EDC, a commission of the Government, regarding the 
Southern Trust Company, knowing such claims to be false, fictitious, or fraudulent; knowingly 
and willfully falsified, concealed or covered up material facts regarding the Southern Trust 
Company; made false or fraudulent statements or representations about the purpose, activities, 
income, and employment of Southern Trust Company; and made and submitted false affidavits 
knowing the same to contain any fraudulent or fictitious statement or entry. 
293. 
These false statements and documents included affidavits, testimony, an 
application, and other documents that misrepresented that Southern Trust Company was engaged 
in, and failed to disclose it did not and could not carry out, in its stated purpose of providing 
consulting services in financial and biomedical informatics. 
294. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, forced 
labor, sexual servitude, and commercial sexual activity of underage girls and young women in 
knowing and reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page SO of 55 
295. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, directly 
or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
296. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal activity 
conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
297. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT TWENTY-FOUR 
Fraudulent Claims Upon the Government 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
.J.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.1.C. § 843 
298. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs I to 297 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
299. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to commit 
fraudulent conveyances. 
300. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in the 
criminal conspiracy, including, but not limited to, transferring assets to and between various 
entities controlled by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise to avoid, defeat, hinder or delay claims 
against them. 
I. 
The Epstein Enterprise misrepresented the purpose, activities, employment, and 
income of the Southern Trust Company, 1nc., in order to obtain and maintain valuable tax 
incentives in order to fund the criminal activities of the Epstein Enterprise. In addition, the Epstein 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 51 of55 
Enterprise used Southern Trust Company to employ, pay, and conceal the activities of participants 
in the criminal activities of the Enterprise. 
302. 
The Epstein Enterprise made and presented an application for tax incentives, 
testimony, and quarterly reports to the EDC, a commission of the Government, regarding the 
Southern Trust Company, knowing such claims to be false, fictitious, or fraudulent; knowingly 
and willfully falsified, concealed or covered up material facts regarding the Southern Trust 
Company; made false or fraudulent statements or representations about the purpose, activities, 
income, and employment of Southern Trust Company; and made and submitted false affidavits 
knowing the same to contain any fraudulent or fictitious statement or entry. 
303. 
These false statements and documents included affidavits, testimony, an 
application, and other documents that misrepresented that Southern Trust Company was engaged 
in, and failed to disclose it did not and could not carry out, in its stated purpose of providing 
consulting services in financial and biomedical informatics. 
304. • Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, forced 
labor, sexual servitude, and commercial sexual activity of underage girls and young women in 
knowing and reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
305. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.1.C. §604(j). 
306. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of CICO. 
V.1.C. §600 et seq. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVJ's First Amended Complaint 
Page S2 ofSS 
Notice of Allegation of 
PUNITIVE DAMAGES 
307. 
The purpose of punitive damages in the common law is to punish the defendant 
for outrageous con~uct that is reckless or intentional and to deter others from engaging in such 
conduct in the future. 
308. 
This Complaint describes intentional conduct so egregious, persistent, and injurious 
that it shocks the conscience and offends a civilized society. 
309. 
Punitive damages are especially important in the case of persons or companies that 
have so money, assets, and power that mere fines, penalties, and economic damages are simply 
not sufficient. 
310. 
At all times material herein, Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise engaged repeatedly 
in wrongful acts which were intentional and outrageous. The Government gives notice that it 
intends to pursue the possibility of punitive damages in any jury verdict. 
PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
WHEREFORE, the Government respectfully requests that the Court: 
A. 
Enter a judgment in favor of the Government and against Defendants on all counts; 
B. 
Declare that Defendants, through the Epstein Enterprise, have engaged in a pattern 
of criminal activity in the Virgin Islands including but not limited to human trafficking, forced 
labor and sexual servitude of female children and young women, unlawful sexual contact, child 
sexual abuse, child abuse and neglect, rape, prostitution civil conspiracy and other offenses elated 
offenses, and civil conspiracy; 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 53 of55 
C. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 610, enforce and maintain the criminal activity liens the 
Government is filing contemporaneously with this lawsuit, or shall file in connection with this 
action; 
D. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)(l) and 14 V.I.C. § 141, issue an order forfeiting and 
divesting in favor of the Government of the Virgin Islands all of Defendants' interests in any real 
and personal property within the territory of the U.S. Virgin Islands used to facilitate the criminal 
enterprise carried out by the Epstein Enterprise, including but not limited to Little St. James Island 
and Greater St. James Island; 
E. 
Issue an order forfeiting to the Government of the Virgin Islands any proceeds or 
funds obtained by Defendants, whether directly or indirectly, during the course of the criminal 
activity of the Epstein Enterprise; 
F. 
Pursuant to 14 V.l.C. § 607(a)(l), require Defendants to divest themselves of any 
real property or other interests in favor of the Government of the Virgin Islands used to further the 
goals of the Epstein Enterprise; 
G. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)(3) and (5), order the dissolution of the Epstein 
Enterprise, including but not limited to, order the dissolution of the corporate Defendants; 
H. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)(2) enter an injunction to prevent the further criminal 
conduct, and concealment of the criminal conduct, by the Epstein Enterprise; 
I. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)(4), order the revocation of any and all licenses, 
permits and approvals that had been granted by any agency of the Territory, and require the 
repayment of any tax benefits that had been bestowed on any Defendant; 
J. 
Pursuant to 14 V.1.C. § 607(a)(6)(e), award the Government the maximum civil 
penalty for each and every violation oflaw committed by the Epstein Enterprise; 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVJ's First Amended Complaint 
Page 54 of 55 
K. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607, award treble damages and all other available remedies, 
including attorneys' fees and costs; 
L. 
Award compensatory and punitive damages for Defendants' civil conspiracy; 
M. 
Void the transfer of assets as fraudulently conveyed to the The 1953 Trust; 
N. 
Award such equitable relief, including disgorgement of all ill-gotten gains, as may 
be just and proper and appropriate, pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 608( c)( 4), to protect the rights of victims 
and innocent persons in the interest of justice and consistent with the purposes of CICO; 
0. 
Assess and award a judgment in favor of the Govenunent and against the 
Defendants for attorneys' fees and costs and pre- and post-judgment interest; and 
P. 
Award any and all other relief this Court deems appropriate. 
The Government demands a jury trial on all issues so triable. 
Dated: February 5, 2020 
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED, 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
VIRGIN ISLANDS 
~UIRE 
ATTORNEY GENERAL 
V.I. Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
GERS Building, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, U.S.V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 774-5666 
Email: Carol .J acobs@vi.gov 
Email: Ariel.Smith@doj.vi.gov 

i i 
I 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED ST ATES 
VIRGIN ISLANDS, 
PLAINTIFF. 
V. 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as the 
EXECUTOR FOR THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN and ADMINISTRATOR OF THE 1953 
TRUST: RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
the EXECUTOR FOR THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, and ADMINISTRATOR OF THE 
1953TRUST: ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
THE 1953 TRUST, PLAN D, LLC; GREAT ST. 
JIM, LLC; NAUTILUS, INC.; HYPERION AIR, 
LLC; POPLAR. INC .. SOUTHERN TRUST 
COMPANY, INC.: JOHN AND JANE DOES 
DEFENDANTS, 
Case No.: 
ACTION FOR DAMAGES 
JURY TRIAL DEMANDED 
FIRST AMENDED COMPLAINT 
COMES NOW, the Government of the United States Virgin Islands ("Government") and 
files this First Amended Complaint against the above-named Defendants and in support thereof, 
would show unto the Court as follows: 
JURISDICTION AND PARTIES 
I. 
The Attorney General of the United States Virgin Islands (herein after "Virgin 
Islands") brings this action on behalf of the Plaintiff, Government of the Virgin Islands, pursuant 
to 3 V.I.C. § 114 and her statutory authority to enforce the laws of the Virgin Islands, and advocate 
for the public interest, safety, health and well-being of persons in the Virgin Islands. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVJ's First Amended Complaint 
Pagel ofSS 
2. 
This Court has subject matter jurisdiction over this civil matter pursuant to 4 V.I.C. 
§ 76 and 14 V.I.C. § 607. 
3. 
This Court has personal jurisdiction over the parties pursuant to 5 V .I.C. § 4903. 
4. 
The Virgin Islands is an unincorporated territory of the United States. It consists 
of St. Thomas, St. Croix, St John, and Water Island, and more than 40 surrounding islands and 
Cays, some of which are privately owned. Among these privately owned islands are Little St. 
James and Great St. James. 
5. 
Jeffrey E. Epstein ("Epstein") was a resident of the Virgin Islands and he 
maintained a residence on Little St James, which he acquired in 1998 and in 2016 he also 
purchased Great St. James. 
6. 
Epstein registered as a sex offender in the Virgin Islands in 2010. He was a Tier I 
offender under Virgin Islands law based upon his Florida conviction of procuring a minor for 
prostitution. As a Tier I offender, Epstein was required to register annually with the Virgin Islands 
Department of Justice ("VIDOJ") and give advance notice of his travel to and from the Virgin 
Islands. Epstein was also subject to random address verification by VIDOJ. 
7. 
Epstein was found dead on August I 0, 2019 while in custody in New York for sex 
crimes. 
_8. __ Defendant, Darren K. lndyke ("Defendant Indyke"} is co-executor of the Estate of 
Jeffrey E. Epstein ~and Administrator of The 1953 Trust 
9. 
Defendant Richard D. Kahn ("Defendant Kahn") is co-executor of The Estate of 
Jeffrey E. Epstein and Administrator of The 1953 Trust. 
~ I 0. 
Defendant the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein ("Estate"), created upon Epstein's death, 
is domiciled in the Virgin Islands. On August 15, 2019, !he E:*eeuloFs of The Eslete, Daffen 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page3 ofSS 
~Defendants lndyke and Rieluml 9. Kahn; filed a Petition for Probate and Letters Testamentary 
which included Epstein's last will and testament with the Probate Division of the Superior Court 
of the Virgin Islands. 
9:-_I I_. _The Petition reports the value of the real and personal property in The Estate located 
in the Virgin Islands at $577,672,654.00 dollars. 
-W,J.b....According to the Petition, the assets in the Virgin Islands thus far includes: 
a. $56.5 million in cash; 
b. $127 million in fixed income and equity investments; 
c. $195 million in hedge fund and private equity investments: and 
d. $18.5 million in planes, boats, and automobiles. 
The Estate has not yet valued his fine arts, antiques, and other valuables. 
-H-:lL. The Estate also includes shares of various corporate entities which hold residences 
and real property used by Epstein, namely: 
a. Brownstone in New York City valued at $56 million: 
b. Ranch in New Mexico valued at $72 million; 
c. Gated home in Palm Beach, Florida, valued at $12 million; 
d. Seven units in an apartment building in Paris, valued at $8 million; and 
e. Great St. James and Little St. James, collectively valued at $86 million. 
~.!.!..... The Estate is responsible to pay damages for the acts committed by Epstein and the 
Epstein Enterprise described below. 
-H-:-11,_Defendant, The 1953 Trust ('The Trust") was created by Epstein, who "amended 
and restated" its tenns only two days before his suicide. That same day, Epstein revised his Last 

....... 
4,i 
GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page4 ofSS 
Will and Testament, transferring all of his "property, real and personal, wherever situated" to The 
Trust. 
-14..!,Q._ The Trust also contains Epstein ·s financial assets and is also responsible to pay 
damages for the acts committed by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise described below. +he 
Tfust's aElministratoFS, Damm K.Defendants lndyke and Rieharo D. Kahn, filed a Certificate of 
Trust in the Superior Court of the Virgin Islands for The Trust on August 26,2019. 
-1-➔..!.L..Epstein maintained a deliberately complex web of Virgin Islands corporations, 
limited liability companies, foundations, and other entities, not all of which are yet known to the 
Government of the Virgin Islands, through which he carried out and concealed his criminal 
conduct. 
-14.-lll... Epstein regularly created new entities in the territory and transferred properties and 
funds between them in order to preserve and shield Epstein's assets and to facilitate and conceal 
the unlawful acts described in this Complaint. 
-!-+:~These entities held properties, including Little St. James and Great St. James, at 
which Epstein trafficked and sexually abused women and underage girls. Epstein owned and 
arranged for private planes, helicopters, boat and automobiles to transport victims to, from, and 
within the Virgin Islands, and provided money to pay these young women and underage girls . 
.J.&.f!LEpstein sat at the hub of this web. serving as president, member, manager, or 
director of each of the entities and, upon information and belief, directing their activities. 
~2.LDefendant, Nautilus. Inc., is a corporation established and organized under the laws 
of the Virgin Islands. It was incorporated on November 22, 2011 . 

._. 
..."' 
GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
PageS ofSS 
:W,.R._According to records of the Virgin Islands Recorder of Deeds, Nautilus, Inc. owns 
Little St. James, a/k/a Parcel Number 109803010100, a parcel of3.I million square feet valued at 
$3.2 million, with buildings and improvements valued at $4 million. 
i-h&Epstein was president and director of Nautilus, Inc., which corporate filings 
describe as "holding property for personal use." ..QaffeftDefendants lndyke and R-iehafd-.Kahn; 
~ee11l0FS efthe ~stale, are the secretary and treasurer of Nautilus, Inc., respectively. The Estate 
values Epstein's holdings of Nautilus, Inc., which holds title to Little St. James at $63.9 million. 
2b.M,_A deed recorded with the Virgin Islands Recorder of Deeds on December 30, 2011 
reflects that the property was transferred from a Delaware entity, L.S.J., LLC, to Nautilus, Inc. for 
"TEN DOLLARS ($10.00) and other good and valuable consideration." The quitclaim deed lists 
Jeffi-ey Epstein as the sole member of L.S.J., LLC, which it acquired Little Saint James via a 
warranty deed dated April 27, 1998. 
~~As described below, Epstein engaged in a pattern and practice of trafficking and 
sexually abusing young women and female children on this private, secluded island of Little St. 
James where Epstein and his associates could avoid detection of their illegal activity from Virgin 
Islands and federal law enforcement and prevent these young women and underage girls from 
leaving freely and escaping the abuse. 
~Ml... Thus, Nautilus, Inc. participated m carrying out, facilitating and concealing 
Epstein's crimes, hence Little St. James became an instrumentality of those crimes. 
~ll,_Defendant, Great St. Jim, LLC, is a limited liability company established and 
organized under the laws of the Virgin Islands. Great St. Jim, LLC was organized on October 26, 
2015. Great St. Jim, LLC, according to records of the Virgin Islands Recorder of Deeds, owns at 
least three properties that make up Great St. James acquired on January 28, 2016: Parcel Number 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page6 of55 
10980IOIOIOO, consisting of 3.5 million square feet and valued at $17.5 million; Parcel Number 
109801010200, consisting of 450,000 square feet of land, valued at $2.8 million; and Parcel 
Number 109801010300, 1.2 million square feet of land, valued at $2.7 million. According to a 
warranty deed filed with the Virgin Islands Recorder of Deeds, Epstein, through Great St. Jim, 
LLC, acquired the last two parcels for $5 million each. 
~M.,_Epstein is listed as manager and a member of Great St. Jim, LLC and the nature of 
its business is descnl>ed as "holding assets." 
i+-:~ Upon infonnalion and belief, Epstein purchased these Great St. James properties-
the island with closest proximity to Little St. James-to further shield his conduct on Little St. 
James from view, prevent his detection by law enforcement or the public, and allow him to 
continue and conceal his criminal enterprise. Epstein's significant investment in the purchase of 
Great St. James demonstrates his intent to expand his illegal operation in the Virgin Islands for 
years to come. Thus, Great St. Jim, LLC participated in carrying out. concealing, facilitating and 
continuing Epstein's crimes, and Great St. James became an instrumentality of those crimes. 
U-:-ML_Defendant, Poplar, Inc., is a corporation established and organized under the Jaws 
of the Virgin Islands. Poplar, Inc. was incorporated on November 22, 2011. Epstein was president 
and director of Poplar, Inc., and its purpose was described in corporate filings as "holding property 
for personal use." DaR:e!tDefendants lndyke and ~Kahn, e11eeul0Fs ef the est.He, are 
secretary and treasurer of Poplar, Inc., respectively. 
~lL.A certificate of incumbency provided to the Department of Planning and Natural 
Resources ("DPNR") also lists Epstein as president of Poplar. Inc. and expressly authorizes the 
incorporators to conduct "transactions related to permitting matters submitted on behalf of Great 
St. Jim, LLC." 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page7 of55 
~ll._Poplar, Inc. is listed as the signatory for the 2017 Annual Report for Great St. Jim, 
LLC, and the signature appears to be Epstein's. The Petition for Probate and Letters Testamentary 
filed by The Estate lists Poplar, Inc. as holding title to Great St. James. Thus, Poplar, Inc. 
participated in carrying out, concealing, facilitating and continuing Epstein's crimes. 
3-1-,ll.._Oefendant, Plan D, LLC is a limited liability company established and organized 
under the laws of the Virgin Islands. In its original Articles of Organization, filed October 19, 
2012, and Annual Report filings, Epstein's pilot, Larry Visoski, was listed as Plan D, LLC's sole 
manager/member. However, the July 31, 2019 Annual Report revealed Epstein as the principal 
behind Plan D, LLC. 
~M...._Upon information and belief, Plan D, LLC owns one or more of the airplanes and 
helicopters that Epstein used to transport young women and children to and from the Virgin Islands 
to carry out the criminal pattern of activity described below. Among the airplanes owned by Plan 
D, LLC is a Gulfstream with N-number N212JE. Flight logs and travel notices indicate that 
Epstein used this plane to traffic and transport and young women and underage girls to the Virgin 
Islands. 
~li,_Defendant, Hyperion Air, LLC is a limited liability company established and 
organized under the laws of the Virgin Islands on October 19, 2012. Jeffrey Epstein is a 
manager/member of Hyperion Air, LLC, along with his pilot, Larry Visoski. The purpose of 
Hyperion Air, LLC is listed in its Annual Report as "holding assets." 
~~Hyperion Air, LLC is the registered owner of a Bell helicopter with N-number 
N331JE and a Keystone helicopter with N-number N722JE. Upon information and belief, Epstein 
used these helicopters to transport young women and underage girls between St. Thomas and Little 
St. James. 

-., 
GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page8 ofSS 
37. 
Defendant Southern Trust Company. Inc. was originally incorporated in the Virgin 
Islands on November 18. 2011 as Financial [nformatics. Inc .• but changed its name to Southern 
Trust Company in September 2012. Southern Trust Company is a tenant at American Yacht 
Harbor in Red Hook. St. Thomas. and Epstein is a "passive investor" in IGY-A YH. d/b/a American 
Yacht Harbor. By the end of 2013, according to its corporate filings. Southern Trust Company 
has assets of$198.5 million: four years later. its assets reached $391.3 million. From 2011 until 
at least 2018. Jeffrey Epstein was the President/Director of Southern Trust Company, and 
Defendants Kahn and [ndyke were Treasurer/Director and Secretary/Director. respectively. 
Epstein was the sole owner of Southern Trust Company. 
3➔.-l8.._John and Jane Does represent individuals and entities whose identities or 
involvement with Epstein are currently unknown. The Government of the Virgin [slands will 
amend the Complaint to add these individuals and entities when discovered. 
~~The Attorney General brings this action to seek all remedies available to the 
Government of the Virgin Islands in enforcing its laws and protecting the public interest and public 
safety. These claims are distinct from, and are not intended to supplant, the claims of victims who 
were unconscionably banned by Jeffrey Epstein and his associates. 
FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS 
A. The Conduct of the "Epstein Enterprise" In the Virgin Islands 
;:M_Q,_Epstein and his associates, including Defendants, identified and recruited female 
victims, including children, and transported them to the Virgin Islands where they were abused 
and injured. Epstein, through and in association with Defendants, trafficked, raped, sexually 
assaulted and held captive underage girls and young women at his properties in the Virgin Islands. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page9 of55 
~.J..,_Epstein created a network of companies and individuals who participated in and 
conspired with him in a pattern of criminal activity related to the sex trafficking, forced labor, 
sexual assault, child abuse, and sexual servitude of these young women and children. Epstein and 
his associates trafficked underage girls to the Virgin Islands, held them captive, and sexually 
abused them, causing them grave physical, mental, and emotional injury. 
~....L.To accomplish his illegal ends, Epstein fonned an association in fact with multiple 
Defendants and others (both companies and individuals) who were willing to participate in, 
facilitate, and conceal Epstein's criminal activity in exchange for Epstein's bestowal of financial 
and other benefits, including sexual services and forced labor from victims. 
4'M.J......This 
illicit 
association 
of Epstein, 
Defendants, 
and 
his 
associates 
eenstimlesconstitute what is referred to herein as the "Epstein Enterprise." Epstein's associates in 
the Epstein Enterprise, including, but not limited to, those named as Defendants knowingly 
facilitated, participated in, and concealed Epstein's illegal conduct 
41.4...i,_Epstein used his wealth and power to create the Epstein Enterprise which engaged 
in a pattern of criminal activity in the Virgin Islands by repeatedly procuring and subjecting 
underage girls and young women to unlawful sexual conduct, sex trafficking, and forced labor. 
42-:4....L_ The Epstein Enterprise engaged in a pattern of criminal activity in the Virgin 
Islands (and elsewhere) with the criminal purpose and goal of placing a steady supply of vulnerable 
female children and young women into sexual servitude in service of Epstein's desires, and those 
of his associates. The Epstein Enterprise maintained and made available young women and 
underage girls for the purpose of engaging them in forced labor and sexual activities and used 
coercion and deception to procure, abuse, and harbor its victims. 

GVI v. Estate of Jefftey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page 10 of55 
<BA__L Flight logs and other sources establish that between 2001 and 2019 the Epstein 
Enterprise transported underage girls and young women to the Virgin Islands, who were then taken 
via helicopter or private vessel to Little St. James where they were then deceptively subjected to 
sexual servitude, forced to engage in sexual acts and coerced into commercial sexual activity and 
forced labor. 
44:4 
... L.Jn furtherance of its criminal activities, the Epstein Enterprise used its aircrafts to 
transport the young women and underage girls to the Virgin Islands for purposes of sexual abuse 
and exploitation. 
4➔-4...L The Epstein Enterprise facilitated and participated in the sexual molestation and 
exploitation of numerous girls between the age of 12 and 17 years old. 
#t:4...2,_ On the pretext of providing modeling opportunities, careers and contracts, 
associates of the Epstein Enterprise, funded by the Epstein Enterprise. lured and recruited young 
women and underage girls to travel to locations including the Virgin Islands where, upon 
information and belief, based on the pattern and practice of the Epstein Enterprise, they were 
sexually abused and exploited. 
4+.-~Associates in the Epstein Enterprise recruited both victims and abusers into the 
Epstein Enterprise, participated in sexual acts of rape and abuse of minors and witnessed Epstein 
and others engage in sexual acts with children. 
48-:iLAs recent as 2018, air traffic controllers and other airport personnel reported seeing 
Epstein leave his plane with young girls some of whom appeared to be between the age of 11 and 
years. 

--· 
GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page 11 ofSS 
49-:2,LUpon infonnation and belief, based on Epstein's pattern of trafficking and sexually 
abusing young girls, the Epstein Enterprise trafficked and abused these girls, and others, in the 
Virgin Islands through 2018. 
W:.il...._ When sued in civil court for committing sex trafficking and sex crimes, Epstein 
never denied engaging in sexual acts with underage females and procuring underage females for 
prostitution, but instead consistently invoked his Fifth Amendment privilege against self-
incrimination. 
s-1-:~Upon infonnation and belief, the Epstein Enterprise kept a computerized list of 
underage girls who were in or proximate to the Virgin Islands, and able to be transported to 
Epstein's residence at Little St James in the Virgin Islands. 
~~ 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in a pattern of criminal conduct by trafficking 
children and young women and placing them in sexual servitude and forced labor in the Virgin 
Islands. The Epstein Enterprise repeatedly violated 14 V.I.C. §§ 133 to 138, which prohibit 
trafficking and sexual abuse. The Epstein Enterprise also repeatedly violated laws against child 
abuse and neglect, including 14 V.I.C. § 505, which defines the crime of child abuse as knowingly 
or recklessly causing "a child to suffer physical, mental, or emotional injury," or causing a child 
lo be placed in a situation where such injury is foreseeable, and 14 V.I.C. ~ 506, which applies, as 
here, where the child suffers serious physical, mental, or emotional injury as a result of that abuse. 
The hann to Epstein's victims was both fully foreseeable and deeply damaging. 
~~ 
The Epstein Enterprise knowingly recruited, transported, transferred, harbored, 
received, procured, obtained, isolated, maintained, and enticed young women and girls to engage 
in forced labor (such as providing massages) and, ultimately, sexual servitude at his little St. James 
residence. 

GVl v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 12 of5S 
~2.1....A 15 year old victim was forced into sexual acts with Epstein and others and then 
attempted to escape by swimming off the Little St James island. Epstein and others organized a 
search party that located her and kept her captive by, among other things, confiscating her passport. 
~~Another victim, who was first engaged in provide massages to Epstein, was then 
forced to perform sexual acts at Little St. James in the Virgin Islands. When she attempted to 
escape from the "private island," Epstein and a search party found her, returned her to his house, 
and suggested physical restraint or harm if she failed to cooperate. 
~~The Epstein Enterprise deceptively lured underage girls and women into its sex 
trafficking ring with money and promises of employment, career opportunities and school 
assistance. The Epstein Enterprise preyed on their financial and other vulnerabilities, and 
promised victims money, shelter, gifts, employment, tuition and other items of value. For 
example, participants in the Epstein Enterprise targeted young and underage females under the 
pretext that they would be paid substantially merely to provide massages to him and others. 
However, once drawn in, victims were then pressured and coerced to engage in sexual acts. 
S+-6...Q,_The Epstein Enterprise forced underage victims to recruit others to perfonn services 
and engage in sexual acts-a trafficking pyramid scheme. 
S8.6_LThe Epstein Enterprise paid girls for each "meeting," with additional money if they 
brought additional girls. Epstein reportedly required three meetings per day. 
:S9-:6-1.,_The Epstein Enterprise used the term "work" as a code for sexual abuse, and, upon 
information and belief, reportedly kept computer records of the contact information for the victims. 
60:6....1.... Consistent with his creation and use of a complex web of entities to carry out and 
conceal the criminal trafficking enterprise in the Virgin Islands, the Epstein Enterprise sometimes 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page 13 ofSS 
paid young women and underage girls he exploited and trafficked through his charitable 
foundations. 
~Once the girls and women were recruited, participants in the Epstein Enterprise 
enforced their sexual servitude of victims by coercion, including but not limited to, confiscating 
passports, controlling and extinguishing external communications, and threatening violence. They 
also made fraudulent statements to family members of victims, claiming victims were being well 
cared for and supported financially in college and other educational opportunities. 
~l 
The Epstein Enterprise transported, held, sexually abused, trafficked, and 
concealed women and children at his property in the Virgin Islands dozens of times over nearly 
two decades. 
B. The "Epstein Enterprise" Abused Privileges of Residency to Carry out Its 
Criminal Scheme 
9:1,6...Q,__The Epstein Enterprise in 1998 acquired Little St. James in the Virgin Islands as 
the perfect hideaway and haven for trafficking young women and underage girls for sexual 
servitude, child abuse and sexual assault. Little St. James is a secluded, private island, nearly two 
miles from St. Thomas with no other residents. It can be visited only by private boat or helicopter; 
no public or commercial transportation is available to carry persons on or otfthe island, and no 
bridge connects the island to St. Thomas. Epstein had easy access to Little St. James from the 
private airfield on St. Thomas, only 10 minutes away by his private helicopter, but the women and 
children he trafficked, abused. and held there were not able to leave without his permission and 
assistance, as it was too far and dangerous to swim to St. Thomas. 
e+.6_.1__In 2016, upon information and belief, using a straw purchaser to hide Epstein's 
identity, the Epstein Enterprise acquired Great St. James, the nearest island to Little St James. By 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page 14 of55 
then, Epstein was a convicted sex offender. Upon infonnation and belief, the Epstein Enterprise 
purchased the island for more than $20 million because its participants wanted to ensure that the 
island did not become a base from which others could view their activities or visitors. By acquiring 
ownership and control of Great St. James to the exclusion of others, the Epstein Enterprise created 
additional barriers to prevent those held involuntarily on Little St. James from escaping or 
obtaining help from others. 
M,6_...lL_Great St. James and Little St. James are environmentally sensitive locations, with 
native coral and wildlife protected by federal and territorial law and enforcement authorities. The 
Depanment of Planning and Natural Resources ("DPNR") regulates and monitors construction in 
the Coastal Zone to protect, maintain and manage the precious natural resources of the Virgin 
Islands. Under its authority, DPNR repeatedly issued citations and assessed thousands of dollars 
of fines for violations of the Virgin Islands construction code and environmental protection laws 
on both Little St. James and Great St. James-significant penalties to the agency and to the average 
resident of the Virgin Islands. But because of Epstein's enormous wealth, these fines had little 
effect in curbing or stopping the Epstein Enterprise's unlawful conduct or conforming its activities 
to the law. 
ee:6__.2,_ As a result of illegal construction activity of the Epstein Enterprise, the Virgin 
Islands has incurred, and will incur, significant expenses to remove the illegal construction or 
rernediate its effects on natural resources in and around Little St. James and Great St. James. The 
extent of the potential environmental damage is unknown at this time as the illegal construction 
has not been removed or remediated. 

... 
GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 15 of5S 
&7-:lQ._The Epstein Enterprise continues to attempt to prevent or limit DPNR authorities 
from conducting random inspections on the Little St James and Great St. James necessary to 
comply with Virgin Islands law. 
e&-:-1.L_The Epstein Enterprise's violation of the construction and environmental laws was 
part of a pattern of behavior in flouting the laws of the Virgin Islands and holding itself above the 
law. 
Upon infonnation and belief, as descri~ed above, the Epstein Enterprise undertook 
construction at Great St. James after 2016 to continue the scheme to carry out and conceal his 
trafficking and sexual abuse of young women and children in the Virgin Islands. These actions 
are also indicative of the Epstein Enterprise's disregard for Virgin Islands' law. The Epstein 
Enterprise used the Virgin Islands' land, resources, people, and laws for its illicit purposes. Rather 
than participating lawfully in this community, the Epstein Enterprise took advantage of the 
secluded nature of the islands in furtherance of its crimes. 
(#;&As a result of its deplorable and unlawful conduct, the Epstein Enterprise has 
subjected the Virgin Islands to public portrayals as a hiding place for human trafficking and sex 
crimes. 
C. The "Epstein Enterprise" Fraudulently Concealed its Conduct 
10.TI,_The Epstein Enterprise fraudulently concealed its actions to prevent detection by 
the Government of the Virgin Islands. 
-+-hl!_The secluded properties at Little St. James and Great St. James were repeatedly 
used by the Epstein Enterprise as the locations for unlawfully soliciting, transporting, transferring, 
harboring, receiving, providing, isolating, patronizing, maintaining, deceiving, coercing, and 
sexually abusing young women and children and concealing these crimes. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 16ofSS 
+a.-12..... The Epstein Enterprise was able to hide the trafficking ring from law enforcement, 
despite the fact that Epstein was a registered sex offender. Given the isolation of the Little St 
James and Great St. James and the nature of the crimes and of the victims targeted by the Epstein 
Enterprise, the activities of the Epstein Enterprise were not readily detectable. Moreover, Epstein's 
great wealth and power likely made witnesses reluctant to report their observations to the local law 
enforcement. 
~:&_Upon information and belief, the Epstein Enterprise prevented its employees from 
cooperating with law enforcement. Employees and others were required to sign confidentiality 
agreements that prohibited them from speaking to or sharing information with law enforcement. If 
they were contacted by law enforcement they were to notify the Epstein Enterprise and be 
represented by Epstein's counsel. 
14.-1.1....The employees were directed not to communicate or interact with guests visiting 
Little St James and were also directed not to disclose to anyone events that occurred on the island. 
~~Monitoring a sex offender with his own private islands and the resources to fly 
victims in and out on private planes and helicopters presented unique challenges and allowed the 
Epstein Enterprise to limit scrutiny by the Government of the Virgin Islands. 
~12.....Sexual Offender Registration and Community Protection Act ("SORCPA") 14 
V.I.C. § 1721, et. seq. requires sex offenders FegisleFi!llto register in tile ViFgin Islands their 
resident jurisdictions and to make periodic in-person appearances to verify and update their 
registration information. 
+'.hfilL.Epstein renewed his registration each year in the Virgin Islands. In addition, 
beyond this statutory requirement, the Virgin Islands periodically visited-or attempted to visit-
Little St. James to conduct additional address verifications. 

... 
GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Pagel7 ofSS 
-78.l!.L.At his last verification in July 2018, Epstein refused to permit Virgin Islands 
Department of Justice Investigators, assisted by United States Marshals, to enter Little St. James 
beyond its dock, claiming that the dock was his "front door." Instead, Epstein arranged to be met 
at his office on St. Thomas. 
~~Epstein also misled the Government regarding his travel plans. On March 19, 2019, 
the Virgin Islands was notified that Epstein would be traveling to France for IO days on the private 
plane owned by Plan D, LLC. His notification form did not disclose travel to any other countries. 
It was later disee~•eFeE!found by law enforcement authorities that Epstein also travelled to Vienna 
and Monaco during that trip. 
~~Similarly, the Epstein Enterprise sought to prevent DPNR from conducting routine 
site visits to inspect unpermitted and potentially damaging construction activity on Great St. James. 
The Epstein Enterprise repeatedly objected to DPN R's inspections referring to them as "invasions" 
of Epstein's constitutional right to privacy in his home, which he descnbed defined as the entire 
island. These DPNR inspections are required for all construction and Virgin Islands residents are 
required to cooperate with the inspections to assure compliance with the law throughout the 
construction phases. 
8--h~ These efforts represent Epstein Enterprise's intent to conceal its unlawful activity 
on Little St. James and Great St. James. 
82d!.2.._The Epstein Enterprise also created numerous corporations and limited liability 
companies in the Virgin Islands to help conceal its unlawful activity. Most of these companies 
were created in 2011 and 2012, soon after Epstein registered asa sex offender in the Virgin Islands. 
&J.:ll.f!:..._Epstein 's pilot, Lany Visoski is identified as member or co-member in companies 
that serviced and maintained the planes that the Epstein Enterprise used to traffick young women 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page 18 ofSS 
and children - Freedom Air Petroleum, LLC (registered November 28, 2011 to hold assets); and 
JEGE, LLC (registered October 19, 2012 to hold assets). 
8+.g_O1her Epstein entities include LSJ Employees, LLC (registered October 27, 2011 
to provide services); Southern Financial, LLC (registered February 25, 2013 to provide services) 
and LSJ Emergency, LLC (registered December 2, 2015 to provide services). 
~~Some of these companies held considerable assets: Financial Informatics, Inc. 
(incorporated November 18, 2011, also known as Southern Trust Company, Inc.) had assets of 
approximately $391 million in 2015; and Financial Trust Company, Inc. (incorporated November 
6, 1998) had assets of$212 million when it publicly filed its last balance sheet in 2012. 
86-:-~ Though often absent in the original incorporation or registration documents or 
annual filings, Epstein ultimately appeared as president, director, manager, or sole member of each 
of these companies. Upon information and belief, the purpose of this complex array of corporate 
entities-some of which may still be discovered-was to allow Epstein to shelter his assets in 
order to fund, carry out, and conceal his identity and pattern of criminal conduct. 
&+.-2Q,_The Estate continues to engage in a course of conduct aimed at concealing the 
criminal activities of the Epstein Enterprise. On November 24, 2019, Epstein's Estate filed an 
fapedited Motion for Establishment of a Voluntary Claims Resolution Program in the Superior 
Court of the Virgin Islands. ("Motion"). According to the Motion, the proposed program was to 
be designed to "establish an independent and voluntary claims resolution program for purposes of 
resolving sexual abuse claims against Jeffrey E. Epstein." (Motion, at I). 
&8-,2.L,_ The program proposed by the Estate, whose executors are trustees of The 1953 
Trust and officers in at least two Epstein entities, imposes confidentiality requirements and 
requires any claimant accepting an award under the program to sacrifice any other claims against 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page 19 ofSS 
"any person or entity arising from or related to Mr. Epstein's conduct." (Motion, at 5). It acts to 
conceal the criminal activities of the Epstein Enterprise and shield its participants from liability 
and accountability for the injury they caused to the victims. 
&-9:21__Two days before his death, Epstein amended The Trust and his Last Will and 
Testament. Upon infonnation and belief, he did so, as part of a pattern and ongoing effort to 
conceal and shield his assets from potential recovery by claimants. 
D. The "Epstein Enterprise" Violated Numerous Virgin Islands Laws 
90,.21..._ The pattern of criminal activity engaged in by Epstein and other participants in the 
Epstein Enterprise violated 14 V.l.C. §§ 605 and 607 of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt 
Organizations Act {"CICO"). 
9-h-2!._The Epstein Enterprise also violated Title 14, Chapter 3A, The Virgin Islands 
Uniform Prevention of and Remedies for Human Trafficking Act relating to Trafficking of 
Persons; Title 14, Chapter 24, relating to Child Protection and Child Abuse and Neglect; Title 14, 
Chapter 81, relating to Prostitution and Related Offenses; Title 18, Chapter 85, relating to Rape 
and Sexual Assault and other related offenses, as well as other Virgin Islands laws. 
9a.~The Epstein Enterprise violated Virgin Islands laws by engaging in the human 
trafficking of underage girls and young women and commercial sex with young women and 
underage girls by force, fraud, enticement, or coercion, which serve as predicates to the Epstein 
Enterprise's violations ofCICO. 
~2Q._Certain participants who recruited-yett!!j women and underage girls to be trafficked 
and forced into sexual servitude themselves were sexually trafficked and abused by the Epstein 
Enterprise and may be afforded the protections of 14 V.I.C. § 145. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page20 of55 
9421.._Specifically, Plan D, LLC knowingly and intentionally facilitated the trafficking 
scheme by flying underage girls and young women into the Virgin Islands to be delivered into 
sexual servitude. 
Plan D, LLC repeatedly made flights from the mainland to St. Thomas with 
Epstein and underage girls and young women for the purpose of engaging in sexual activity on 
Little St. James. On some occasions, they would transport Epstein and female children by 
helicopter to Little St. James. On other occasions, Epstein and the young women and girls would 
be transported by boat. 
%.~Great St. Jim, LLC and Nautilus, Inc. knowingly participated in the Epstein 
Enterprise and facilitated the trafficking and sexual servitude of young women and underage girls 
by providing the secluded properties at, from, or to which Epstein and his associates were able to 
transport, transfer, receive, maintain, isolate, harbor, provide, entice, deceive, coerce, and sexually 
abuse underage girls and young women. 
%c22.,__The Epstein Enterprise engaged in a continuing course of unlawful conduct. 
9+.-100. 
After Epstein's suicide, the Epstein Enterprise continued to exist as each of 
the participants continued to conspire to prevent detection of the breadth and scope of the Epstein 
Enterprise's criminal wrongdoing and to prevent accountability. These conspiratorial acts are 
ongoing. 
Q&.101. 
The conduct of the Epstein Enterprise offends the core purpose of the Virgin 
Islands Uniform Prevention of and Remedies for Human Trafficking Act, 14 VJ.C. §131 et seq, 
and violates CICO, enacted to "curtail criminal activity and lessen its economic and political power 
in the Territory of the Virgin Islands by establishing new penal prohibitions and providing to law 
enforcement and the victims of criminal activity new civil sanctions and remedies." 14 V.I.C. § 
601. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffiey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page21 of55 
~102. 
The Epstein Enterprise is an illicit enterprise within the meaning of 14 
V.I.C. §§ 604 and 605. 
~103. 
The Government is entitled to recover civil penalties, damages and other 
remedies and to extinguish and recoup from the Epstein Enterprise any and all financial and other 
benefits, and any personal and real property that was used during the course of, or intended for use 
in the course of the conduct or criminal activity in violation of the laws of the Virgin Islands. The 
Government is entitled to obtain through divestiture, forfeiture, or other equitable relief all 
properties and instrumentalities used by the Epstein Enterprise in the criminal pattern of trafficking 
and sexual abuse in the Virgin Islands, including but not limited t0; Great St James and Little St. 
James, and all other remedies and penalties pennitted by law in the interest of justice. 
E. The Epstein Enterprise Used Corporate Entitles to Defraud the Government and 
Fund its Criminal Activities 
I 04. 
In October 2012, the Southern Trust Company applied for economic benefits from 
the Economic Development Commission ("EDC"}. The EDC is a subsidiary of the Virgin Islands 
Economic Development Authority ("EDA"), a semi-autonomous governmental instrumentality 
created and governed pursuant to 29 VIC§ 1101. 
105. 
In sworn testimony at a public hearing on the tax incentive application conducted 
by the EDC on November 15. 2012, Epstein and his attorney. Ericka Kellerhals. described 
Southern Trust Company as providing "cutting edge consulting services" in the area of 
"biomedical and financial informatics." 
106. 
The EDC granted Southern Trust Company a 10-year package of economic 
incentives running from February I. 2013 until January 3 I, 2023 that included a 90% exemption 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page22 ofSS 
from income taxes and 100% exemptions from gross receipts, excise, and withholding taxes in the 
Virgin Islands. 
107. 
Between 2013 and 2019, Southern Trust Company employed 13 different 
individuals (not including Epstein). Of those 13 individuals, 11 served in administrative or support 
roles: six as personal, administrative, or executive assistants, receptionists, or as a driver/helper, 
one as an office manager, one as a clerk, and three in accounting or payroll functions ( though only 
one was licensed as a certified public accountant). There was one network administrator/IT 
manager, and a second who was added in 2019. 
I 08. 
In fact several of those individuals seemed to perfonn other personal services for 
Jeffrey Epstein. Though he was reported by Southern Trust Company to be resident of the Virgin 
Islands, the network administrator/IT manager was issued a Florida driver's license, which listed 
an address in Miami. Further, he appears, in fact, to have served as Epstein's driver and picked up 
luggage and cargo from Epstein's private planes on his behalf. 
109. 
Another executive assistant lived at 301 E. 66thStreet, Apartment 11B, New York, 
New York. Epstein's address book lists units various units in this building as providing "Apt. for 
models" and she is publicly identified as a model. As noted above, the Epstein Enterprise used 
modeling opportunities and contracts as a pretext for recruiting underage girls and young women 
into its sex trafficking scheme. 
110. 
During several time periods, Southern Trust Company affirmed to EDC that it had 
no employees who were non-residents. even though it employed non-residents. 
111. 
Despite having only one full-time employee working on infonnation technology 
during the bulk of the period, Southern Trust Company reportedly generated net income of $50.3 
million in 2013, $67.5 million in 2014, $52.8 million in 2015, and $4.8 million in 2016 and $17.1 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page23 ofSS 
million in 2017, wjth aggregate income of$117.8 million in 2014, $170.6 million in 2015, $175.3 
million in 2016 and $192.4 million in 20 I 7, or aggregate income for the period of $656 million. 
112. 
For the period between January l, 2013 and December 31, 2017. Southern Trust 
Company received tax exemptions totaling $73.6 million. 
113. 
As of December 31. 2017, Southern Trust Company, Inc. elected to file its income 
tax as an S-comoration, which elects to pass comorate income, losses. deductions and credits 
through to its sole shareholder-Jeffrey Epstein-for tax pumoses. For this time period, Epstein's 
income tax exemption was $71.3 million. 
114. 
Based upon these facts, it is clear that Southern Trust Company did not perform the 
"infonnatics" business represented to the EDC and could not have generated the business income 
attributable to that business. Instead, upon information and belief. Southern Trust Company 
existed to secure tax benefits for Epstein, to employ individuals associated with the Epstein 
Entemrise, and to provide a source of income to support his criminal activities and properties in 
the Virgin Islands. 
COUNTONE 
Human Trafficking - Trafficking an lndlvldual 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; and 14 V.I.C §133 
+Q.h~l 1=5 ..... __ The Government restates and realleges paragraphs ·1 to -l-OOill of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein . 
.J.@,116. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page24 of55 
-I-W.117. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
eaRstiftltesconstitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, 
knowingly recruiting, transporting, transferring, harboring, receiving, providing, obtaining, 
isolating, maintaining, or enticing female children and young women in the furtherance and 
perfonnance of forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity in violation of Virgin 
Islands laws codified in 14 V.l.C. §§ 133-138. 
-l-04, 118. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
~119. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
-l-06:-120. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNTTWO 
Human Trafficking - Trafficking an Individual 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq. and 14 V.I.C §133 
-I-G+:121. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs l-Hle 120 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
~122. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting human trafficking. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page25 ofSS 
-W'>el23. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and 
participate in the criminal conspiracy by recruiting, transporting, transferring, harboring, receiving, 
providing, obtaining, isolating, maintaining or enticing female children and young women in the 
furtherance and perfonnance of forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity in 
violation of Virgin Islands laws codified in 14 V.I.C. § 133 -138. 
~124. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-
financial value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human 
trafficking, forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young 
women in knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Y:&-Virgin Islands. 
~125. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and 
other Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human 
trafficking, forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
~126. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT THREE 
Human Trafficking - Forced Labor 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
V.l.C. § 600 et seq.; and 14 V.I.C §134 
+-8-,127. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1--I-R126 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein,. 
-l-14,=12=8~. __ At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page26 ofSS 
+l➔. -'-'12=-"9'-'-. __ The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
eeRs~Mesconstitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, 
knowingly using coercion to compel underage girls and young women to provide labor or services 
by forced labor in violation of 14 V.I.C. § 134. 
.J..Ut.-130. 
The Epstein Enterprise knowingly provided or obtained the labor services 
of individuals by means of force, threats of force, physical restraint, and/or threats of physical 
restraint; by means of serious hann or threats of serious harm; by means of abuse or threatened 
abuse of law or legal processes; and by means of the Epstein Enterprise with the intent to cause 
individuals to believe that, if individuals did not perform such labor or services, individuals would 
suffer serious hann or physical restraint. 
-l-t+.13 I. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
-1-1-&132. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
-HQ.,133, 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
• -l-2G,.._l 34"-'-'. __ At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNTFOVR 
Human Trafficking - Forced Labor 
Conspiracy to Violate the CrlmlnaUy Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; and 14 V.I.C §134 

GVl v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page27 ofSS 
~=13=5"-. __ The Government restates and realleges paragraphs I...J.aQl34 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
~.:..:13:;a:6_,_. __ At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting human trafficking. 
.JU,137. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and 
participate in the criminal conspiracy by knowingly using coercion to compel underage girls and 
young women to provide labor or services by forced labor in violation of 14 V.I.C. § 134. 
+M:=13=8"-. __ Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-
financial value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human 
trafficking, forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young 
women in knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Y-£-. Virgin Islands. 
~139. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and 
other Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human 
trafficking, forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.1.C. §604(j) . 
.J-U."""14=0""". -~At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.l.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT FIVE 
Human Trafficking - Sexual Servitude 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §135 
~141. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1~140 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page28 ofSS 
m,142_ 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
W,.(43. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
eenstirutesconstitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including. but not limited to, 
knowingly maintaining or making available minors for the purpose of engaging the minors in 
commercial sexual activities or using coercion or deception to force young women to engage in 
commercial sexual activity in violation of 14 V.I.C. § 135. 
-8();.144. 
On the pretext of providing modeling opportunities, careers and contracts, 
Defendants facilitated the transporting or recruiting of young women and girls or lured and 
recruited young women and underage girls to travel to the Virgin Islands where they engaged in 
sexual acts with Epstein and others. In some instances, young women and underage girls were 
given scholarships, money, gifts or other items of value in exchange for engaging in sexual acts 
with Epstein and others. 
Hh145. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
-I-Jbl46. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
HJ....,_14 .. 7~·--,Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
H+.148. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT SIX 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page29 ofSS 
Human Trafficking - Sexual Servitude 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act 
V.J.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §135 
+¼,...,_14=9..,_. __ The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1--H4148 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
l¾,150. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting human trafficking. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join the criminal 
conspiracy by knowingly maintaining or making available minors for the purpose of engaging the 
minors in commercial sexual activities or using coercion or deception to force young women to 
engage in commercial sexual activity in violation of 14 V.I.C. § 135. 
~152. 
On the pretext of providing modeling opportunities, careers and contracts, 
Defendants facilitated the transporting or recruiting of young women and girls or lured and 
recruited young women and underage girls to travel to the Virgin Islands where they engaged in 
sexual acts with Epstein and others. ln some instances, young women and underage girls were 
given scholarships, money, gifts or other items of value in exchange for engaging in sexual acts 
with Epstein and others. 
~153. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-
financial value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human 
trafficking, forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young 
women in knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Y-:&-Virgin Islands. 
~154. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and 
other Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human 
trafficking, forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page JO ofSS 
#h-155. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT SEVEN 
Human Trafficking - Patronizing Minors and Victims of Sexual Servitude 
Violation of the Criminally lnffuenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §§ 136-37 
-!4i:l56. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs l--l4-l-155 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
-!4J.l57. 
At alt times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
.J#.158. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
eeesaMesconstitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, 
knowingly giving, agreeing to give, or offering to give items of value to young women and minors 
so that the young women and minors would engage in commercial sexual activity with Epstein, 
other Defendants, and other individuals in violation of 14 V.I.C. §§ 136-137. 
-I#; 159. 
In some instances, young women and underage girls were given 
scholarships, money, gifts or other items of value in exchange for engaging in sexual acts with 
Epstein and others. 
,i.4(r,( 60. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
+4+.161. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page JI of5S 
~162. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
~~16=3-· __ At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT EIGHT 
Human Trafficking - Patronizing Minors and Victims of Sexual Servitude 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §§ 136-37 
-I-SO, 164. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs l-+49163 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
~165. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting human trafficking. 
~166. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and 
participate in the criminal conspiracy by knowingly giving, agreeing to give, or offering to give 
items of value to young women and minors so that the young women and minors would engage in 
commercial sexual activity with Epstein, other Defendants, and other individuals in violation of 
V.I.C. §§ 136-137. 
~167. 
In some instances, young women and underage girls were given 
scholarships, money, gifts or other items of value in exchange for engaging in sexual acts with 
Epstein and others. 
~~16~8~·-_Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-
financial value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human 

GV l v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 32 of SS 
trafficking, forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young 
women in knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Y£.-Virgin Islands. 
~""16""9cc. __ At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and 
other Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterpriseh human 
trafficking, forced labor, and sexual servitude. 
+Mr.~17'"'0'"'. __ At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in said pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT NINE 
Child Abuse and Neglect 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.l.C §§ 505,506 and 507 
M+.17 1. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs I ~170 of this 
Complaint as ifas if fully set forth herein. 
~172. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise. an illicit enterprise. 
~
173. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
eonstiMesconstitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, 
knowingly or recklessly causing a child to suffer physical, mental or emotional injury, or 
knowingly or recklessly causing a child to be placed in a situation where it is reasonably 
foreseeable that such child may suffer physical, mental or emotional injury, in violation Virgin 
Islands criminal laws prohibiting Child Abuse and Neglect in Title 14 V.I.C. * 500 et. seq. 
+{}i}.- 174. 
As a result of the Epstein Enterprise's actions numerous young girls 
suffered serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page33 of55 
~175. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
Mbl76. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly. from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
+63-:-177. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNTTEN 
Child Abuse and Neglect 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §§ 505, S06 and S07 
-1#:178. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1--1-Q I 77 of this 
Complaint as if as if fully set forth herein. 
+M:~17~9~. __ At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting child abuse and neglect. 
-1-M-: 180. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and 
participate in the criminal conspiracy as they knowingly or recklessly caused a child to suffer 
physical, mental or emotional injury, or knowingly or recklessly caused a child to be placed in a 
situation where it is reasonably foreseeable that such child may suffer physical, mental or 
emotional injury, in violation Virgin Islands criminal laws prohibiting Child Abuse and Neglect 
in Title 14 V.I.C. § 500 et seq. 
#+.=18~1~. __ As a result of Defendants' actions. numerous young girls suffered serious 
physical, mental and emotional injury. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page 34 ofSS 
¼&~18~2~. _ _ Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-
financial value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human 
trafficking, forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young 
women in knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the--1::!-£. Virgin Islands. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and 
other Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise; human 
trafficking, forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604U). 
.l--1(h I 84. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 el seq. 
COUNT ELEVEN 
Aggravated Rape 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act ("ClCO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 el seq.; 14 V.I.C § 1700a 
-1--+h I 8 5 . 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-1--+0.!M of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
-1-7-b 186. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
+:&. I 87. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
eot1stiltltesconstitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, 
conduct that constituted or facilitated the rape of minors by force, intimidation, or the perpetrator's 
position of authority over the victim. 
-1-14.~18=8~. _ _ Epstcin and others, using force or intimidation, engaged in sexual 
intercourse with underage girls without their consent in violation of 14 V.1.C. § 1700a. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page35 of55 
~189. 
As a result of the Epstein Enterprise's actions, numerous underage girls 
suffered serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
He:190. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
+++:I 91. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
~192. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.l.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT TWELVE 
Aggravated Rape 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C § 1700a 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1--1-7&192 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
~194. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting aggravated rape. 
~195. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and 
participate in the criminal conspiracy by engaging in conduct that constituted or facilitated the rape 
of minors by force, intimidation, or the perpetrator's position of authority over the victim. 
Epstein and others. using force or intimidation, engaged in sexual 
intercourse with underage girls without their consent in violation of 14 V.1.C. § 1700a. 
~197. 
As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous underage girls suffered serious 
physical, mental and emotional injury. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page36 ofSS 
~198. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-
financial value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human 
trafficking, forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young 
women in knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the ~Virgin Islands. 
+&!.199. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and 
other Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human 
trafficking, forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
~200. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT THIRTEEN 
Rape in the Second Degree 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C § 1702 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1- m200 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
~202. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 

I • 
GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page37 ofSS 
W:=20=3.,_. __ The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
senstiMesconstitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, 
conduct that constituted or facilitated the rape of girls under 18 years of age. 
~=20"""4.,_. __ Epstein and others who engaged in rape were over 18 years old at the time 
of the incidents. 
-1-9-h-=20=5 ...... __ As a result of the Epstein Enterprise's actions, numerous minors suffered 
serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
~206. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
~...,20._..7 ...... __ Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
-1-94,208. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.1.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT FOURTEEN 
Rape In the Second Degree 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally lnOuenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C § 1702 
-1-%:209. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs l-t-94208 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
-l-%e2 IO. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting rape in the second degree. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page JI ofSS 
-1-9+,211. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and 
participate in the criminal conspiracy by engaging in conduct that constituted or facilitated the rape 
of girls under 18 years of age. 
-l-98.212. 
Epstein and others who engaged in rape were over 18 years old at the time 
of the incidents. 
~213. 
As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous minors suffered serious 
physical, mental and emotional injury. 
~214. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-
financial value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human 
trafficking, forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young 
women in knowing orreckless disregard of the laws of the Y:8:-Virgin Islands. 
~215. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and 
other Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human 
trafficking, forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(.i). 
~216. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 el seq. 
COUNT FIFTEEN 
Unlawful Sexual Contact in the First or Second Degree 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.1.C §§ 1708 and 1709 
2{&.217. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1- ~216 of this 
Complaint as if as if fully set forth herein. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page39 ofSS 
~=-2...,18..,_. __ At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
~=-2._l9_.. __ The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
seRsaMesconstitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, 
using or facilitating the use of force or coercion to accomplish sexual contact or engaging in sexual 
contact with a minor between 13 and 16 years ofage. 
~220. 
Epstein and others who engaged in the sexual contact were over 18 years 
old at the time of the incidents. 
W+:221. 
As a result of the Epstein Enterprise's actions numerous young women and 
minors suffered serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
;w&-;222. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
~223. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
;!-14224. 
At all times material herein. Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT SIXTEEN 
Unlawful Sexual Contact in the First or Second Degree 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C §§ 1708 and 1709 
M-l-;225. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs I - 2-W224 of this 
Complaint as if as if fully set forth herein. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page40 ofSS 
~226. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to violate 
laws prohibiting unlawful sexual contact 
;!.l+.227. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and 
participate in the criminal conspiracy by using or facilitating the use of force or coercion to 
accomplish sexual contact or engaging in sexual contact with a minor between 13 and 16 years of 
age. 
2-14.-228. 
Epstein and others who engaged in the sexual contact were over 18 years 
old at the time of the incidents. 
~229. 
As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous young women and minors 
suffered serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
~230. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-
financial value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human 
trafficking, forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of ffttffel'-girls and young 
women in knowing or reckless disregard of the laws ofthe-Y-£ Virgin Islands. 
;H+.231. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and 
other Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human 
trafficking, forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
~232. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT SEVENTEEN 
Prostitution and Keeping House of Prostitution 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
Y.I.C. § 600 et seq.: 14 Y.I.C. §§ 1622, 1624 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page41 of55 
~233. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 
- m232 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
~=23'-'4.,_. __ At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 
nl-:-235. 
The Epstein Enterprise engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
e0RstiMesconstitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including the engaging in or 
facilitating the knowing and/or reckless abuse of minors through the acts alleged herein. 
~=23""6,.... __ The Epstein Enterprise knowingly persuaded, induced, enticed, and/or 
coerced ~women and children to travel to the Virgin Islands to engage in prostitution and/or 
sexual activity, and/or attempted to do the same. 
;m...237_ 
The Epstein Enterprise kept, maintained, and/or permitted his property at 
Little St. James to be used for the purpose of prostitution, lewdness or assignation with knowledge 
or reasonable cause to know the same. 
™,238. 
The Epstein Enterprise received or offered or agreed to receive women and 
children at his property at Little St. James for the purposes of prostitution, lewdness or assignation, 
and/or pennitted ~women and children to remain there for such purposes. 
~=23=9~. __ The Epstein Enterprise directed, took, transported, and or offered or agreed 
to take or transport yeuag-women and children to Little St James with the knowledge or reasonable 
cause to know that the purpose of such directing, taking or transporting was prostitution, lewdness 
or assignation. 
~-24~0= ___ The Epstein Enterprise knew or should reasonably have known that-5eme 
~ 
individuals that were the subjects of the actions described in this Count were minors. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page42 ofSS 
~=-24-'--'l,..,_. _ _ As a result of Defendants' actions, numerous young women and 
minors suffered serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
~=-24-'"2=. _ _ Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
~243. 
Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
~244. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.l.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT EIGHTEEN 
Prostitution and Keeping House of Prostitution 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.: 14 V.1.C. §§ 1622, 1624. 
;g.j..,245. 
The Government HISfatesrestated and realleges paragraph I • 2-W244 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
~246. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined a conspiracy to laws 
against prostitution. 
~247. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and 
participate in the criminal conspiracy by engaging in or facilitating the persuasion, inducement, 
enticement or coercion of ~women and children to travel to the Virgin Islands to engage in 
prostitution and/or sexual activity, andior attempted to do the same; keeping, maintaining, and/or 
pennitting Epstein's property at Little St. James, to be used for the purpose of prostitution, 
lewdness or assignation with knowledge or reasonable cause to know the same; receiving, offering, 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page43 ofSS 
or agreeing to receive individuals at his property at Little St James for the purposes of prostitution, 
lewdness or assignation, and/or permitted ~women and children to remain there for such 
purposes; and directing, taking, transporting, and/or offering or agreeing to take or transport yetffig 
women and children to Little St. James with the knowledge or reasonable cause to know that the 
purpose of such directing, taking or transporting was prostitution, lewdness or assignation, in 
violation of 14 V.1.C. §§ 1622 and 1624. 
~=-24"""8,... __ Defendants knew or should reasonably have known that seme ef lhe 
individuals that were the subj eels of the actions described in this Count were minors. 
~=-24_.9:.:.• __ .As a result of Defendants' actions numerous young women and minors 
suffered serious physical, mental and emotional injury. 
~"'25...,0 ... __ .Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-
financial value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human 
trafficking, forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young 
women in knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the ~Virgin Islands. 
~=25~('-' ___ .At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and 
other Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human 
trafficking, forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.l.C. §604(.i). 
~252. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO, 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page44 ofSS 
COUNT NINETEEN 
Sex Offender Registry 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.: 14 V.I.C. § 1721 et seq. 
;H9,253. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1- B3240 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
~254. 
Epstein was required to, and did, register under the Virgin Islands Sexual 
Offender Registration and Community Protection Act ("SORCPA") codified at 14 V.I.C. § 1721 
el seq. 
Uh255. 
SORCPA requires fegislei:eElthat offenders required to register provide 
information relating to intended travel in foreign commerce. 
™"256. 
On at least two occasions, Epstein traveled to Vienna and Monaco without 
disclosing that travel to the Virgin Islands sex offender registry. 
Uh257. 
Epstein's failure to disclose this travel before, during, or even after his travel 
was knowing. 
2:44:258. 
Epstein's violation SORPCA was part of a pattern of criminal activity that 
was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise. 14 V.1.C. §604(j). 
COUNT TWENTY 
Fraudulent Conveyance 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.: 14 v.1.c. §§ 832-833 
~259. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1- 244258 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
~260. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participated in or associated with the Epstein Enterprise, an illicit enterprise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page45 ofSS 
24+.-261. 
Each Defendant engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that 
eenstitutesconstitute criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to 
transferring assets to and between various entities controlled by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise 
to avoid, defeat, hinder or delay claims against them. 
248,=26=2"-. __ Upon information and belief, in an effort to defeat the claims of creditors 
and avoid the oversight of the court probating his estate, Epstein, days before his death, transferred 
significant assets, including assets held by other Defendants, into The 1953 Trust. 
249.=-26=3.,_. __ At the time of these transfers, Epstein had numerous actions pending against 
him related to his trafficking and sexual assaults seeking financial judgments. 
~264. 
Through these transfers, Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise fraudulently 
removed property and effects beyond the jurisdiction of the probate court. 
~265. 
Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise were parties to the fraudulent 
conveyance of the property, real or personal, and/or the interests or rights arising out of property, 
contracts, or conveyances of Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise. 
~266. 
Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise acted with the intent to defeat, hinder, or 
delay creditors and claimants, including the Government of the Virgin Islands, in collecting on 
their judgements, debts and demands. 
m.,~26~7.,_. __ Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained, 
directly or indirectly, an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
~-26-8.,_. __ Defendants benefited, directly and indirectly, from the pattern of criminal 
activity conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's first Amended Complaint 
Page46 ofSS 
~2=-6 ... 9'"'". __ At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
ClCO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
COUNT TWENTY-ONE 
Fraudulent Conveyance 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
V,I.C. § 6()0 et seq.: 14 V.I.C. §§ 832-833 
~270. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs I to m269 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 
m,271. 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to 
commit fraudulent conveyances. 
~=-27.;.:2~. __ Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and 
participate in the criminal conspiracy, including, but not limited to, transferring assets to and 
between various entities controlled by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise to avoid, defeat, hinder 
or delay claims against them. 
W};-273. 
Upon information and belief, in an effort to defeat the claims of creditors 
and avoid the oversight of the court probating his estate, Epstein, days before his death, transferred 
significant assets, including assets held by other Defendants, into The 1953 Trust. 
~=-27,_4""'. __ At the time of this transfer, Epstein had numerous actions pending against 
him related to his trafficking and sexual assaults seeking financial judgments. 
Ml+.275. 
Through this transfer, Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise fraudulently 
removed property and effects beyond the jurisdiction of the probate court. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page47 of55 
~276. 
Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise were parties to the fraudulent 
conveyance of the property, real or personal, and/or the interests or rights arising out of property, 
contracts, or conveyances of Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise. 
~=27~7~. __ Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise acted with the intent to defeat, hinder, or 
delay the Government of the Virgin Islands and other creditors and claimants to collect on their 
judgements, debts and demands. 
U4.=27~8~. __ Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-
financial value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human 
trafficking, forced labor, sexual servitude and commercial sexual activity of girls and young 
women in knowing or reckless disregard of the laws of the Y-£-Virgin Islands. 
~2~7~9~. -~At all times material herein, each Defendant conspired with Epstein and 
other Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal purposes of the Epstein Enterprise: human 
trafficking, forced labor, and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604U). 
Ue:280. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal 
activity that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation of 
CICO. 14 V.I.C. §600 et seq. 
~281. 
COUNT TWENTY-TWO 
Civil Conspiracy 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 
- Ue280 of this 
Complaint as if fully set forth herein. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page48 ofSS 
~=28=2,_. __ Defendants acted in concert and joined with others to perform the wrongful 
acts identified in Counts I to 13, among others, concealing the sexual abuse of minor females by 
unlawful means. 
~283. 
Each co-conspirator knew, or in the exercise of reasonable care should have 
known, about the conduct of the others and about the common unlawful scheme. 
~284. 
These unlawful acts could not have been carried to the length and extent 
accomplished without the common understanding shared by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise 
Defendants. 
~285. 
Each of the Defendants had a duty to report, stop or terminate the wrongful 
conduct, but instead each Defendant concealed, assisted and furthered the wrongful acts by use of 
civil conspiracy. 
~286. 
As a direct and proximate result of Defendants' conspiracy, the Virgin 
Island has been injured. 
~287. 
Each co-conspirator is jointly and severally liable for the acts alleged herein. 
COUNT TWENTY-THREE 
Fraudulent Claims Upon the Government 
Violation of the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("CIC01 
V.I.C. § 600 et seq.; 14 V.I.C. § 843 
288. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1-287 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
289. 
At all times relevant and material herein, each Defendant directly and indirectly 
participate.d in or associate.d with the Epstein Enterorise. an illicit enterorise. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page49 ofSS 
290. 
Each Defendant engaged in two or more occasions of conduct that constitute 
criminal predicate acts as defined by CICO, including, but not limited to, making fraudulent claims 
ooon the Government 
291. 
The Epstein Enterprise misrepresented the puroose, activities, employment, and 
income of the Southern Trust Company, Inc., in order to obtain and maintain valuable tax 
incentives in order to fund the criminal activities of the Epstein Enterprise. In addition, the Epstein 
Enterprise used Southern Trust Company to employ, pay, and conceal the activities of participants 
in the criminal activities of the Enterprise. 
292. 
The Epstein Enterprise made and presented an application for tax incentives, 
testimony. and quarterly reports to the EDC. a commission of the Government. regarding the 
Southern Trust Company, knowing such claims to be false. fictitious, or fraudulent: knowingly 
and willfully falsified, concealed or covered up material facts regarding the Southern Trust 
Company; made false or fraudulent statements or representations about the putpose, activities, 
income, and employment of Southern Trust Company: and made and submitted false affidavits 
knowing the same to contain any fraudulent or fictitious statement or entry. 
293. 
These false statements and documents included affidavits, testimony. an 
application, and other documents that misrepresented that Southern Trust Company was engaged 
in, and failed to disclose it did not and could not carry out, in its stated pumose of providing 
consulting services in financial and biomedical informatics. 
294. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise, which has engaged in human trafficking, forced 
labor, sexual servitude, and commercial sexual activity of underage girls and young women in 
knowing and reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page SO of55 
295. 
Defendants through a pattern of criminal activity acquired and maintained. directly 
or indirectly. an interest in or control of the Epstein Enterprise or real property. 
296. 
Defendants benefited. directly and indirectly. from the pattern of criminal activity 
conducted by the Epstein Enterprise. 
297. 
At all times material herein, Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Enterprise in violation ofCICO. 
V .l.C. §600 et seg. 
COUNT TWENTY-FOUR 
Fraudulent Claims Upon the Government 
Conspiracy to Violate the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 
.l.C. § 600 el seg.; 14 V.I.C. § 843 
298. 
The Government restates and realleges paragraphs 1 to 297 of this Complaint as if 
fully set forth herein. 
299, 
At all times material herein, each Defendant joined in a conspiracy to commit 
fraudulent conveyances. 
300. 
Each Defendant engaged in acts that revealed its intent to join and participate in the 
criminal conspiracy. including. but not limited to, transferring assets to and between various 
entities controlled by Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise to avoid, defeat. hinder or delay claims 
against them. 
I. 
The Epstein Enterprise misrepresented the purpose. activities, employment, and 
income of the Southern Trust Company, Inc., in order to obtain and maintain valuable tax 
incentives in order to fund the criminal activities of the Epstein Enterprise. In addition, the Epstein 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVI's First Amended Complaint 
Page St of55 
Enterprise used Southern Trust Company to employ, pay. and conceal the activities of participants 
in the criminal activities of the Enterprise. 
302. 
The Epstein Enterprise made and presented an application for tax incentives, 
testimony, and quarterly reports to the EDC. a commission of the Government. regarding the 
Southern Trust Company. knowing such claims to be false. fictitious, or fraudulent; knowingly 
and willfully falsified. concealed or covered up material facts regarding the Southern Trust 
Company; made false or fraudulent statements or representations about the pumose. activities. 
income, and employment of Southern Trust Company: and made and submitted false affidavits 
knowing the same to contain any fraudulent or fictitious statement or entry. 
303. 
These false statements and documents included affidavits, testimony, an 
application, and other documents that misrepresented that Southern Trust Company was engaged 
in, and failed to disclose it did not and could not carry out. in its stated purpose of providing 
consulting services in financial and biomedical infonnatics. 
304. 
Defendants knowingly benefited financially and/or obtained other non-financial 
value from participation in the Epstein Enterprise. which has engaged in human trafficking. forced 
labor, sexual servitude, and commercial sexual activity of underage girls and young women in 
knowing and reckless disregard of the laws of the Virgin Islands. 
305. 
At all times material herein. each Defendant conspired with Epstein and other 
Defendants to fulfill the primary criminal pumoses of the Epstein Enterprise: human trafficking, 
forced labor. and sexual servitude. 14 V.I.C. §604(j). 
306. 
At all times material herein. Defendants engaged in a pattern of criminal activity 
that was not isolated but was related to the affairs of the Epstein Entemrise in violation of CICO. 
V.I.C. §600 et seq. 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page52 ofSS 
Notice of Allegation of 
PUNITIVE DAMAGES 
;!+4,~30~7~·-- The purpose of punitive damages in the common law is to punish the 
defendant for outrageous conduct that is reckless or intentional and to deter others from engaging 
in such conduct in the future. 
m:,,_30""'8.,_,_. __ This Complaint describes intentional conduct so egregious, persistent, and 
injurious that it shocks the conscience and offends a civilized society. 
~~30~9~. __ Punitive damages are especially important in the case of persons or 
companies that have ill._money, assets, and power that mere fines, penalties, and economic 
damages are simply not sufficient. 
R+:~3~10_. __ At all times material herein, Epstein and the Epstein Enterprise engaged 
repeatedly in wrongful acts which were intentional and outrageous. The Government gives notice 
that it intends to pursue the possibility of punitive damages in any jury verdict. 
PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
WHEREFORE, the Government respectfully requests that the Court: 
A. 
Enter a judgment in favor of the Government and against Defendants on a II counts; 
B. 
Declare that Defendants, through the Epstein Enterprise, have engaged in a pattern 
of criminal activity in the Virgin [stands including but not limited to human trafficking, forced 
labor and sexual servitude of female children and young women, unlawful sexual contact, child 
sexual abuse, child abuse and neglect, rape, prostitution civil conspiracy and other offenses 
Felatedelated offenses, and civil conspiracy,t~ 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
Page SJ ofSS 
C. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 610, enforce and maintain the criminal activity liens the 
Government is filing contemporaneously with this lawsuit, or shall file in connection with this 
action; 
D. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(aXI) and 14 V.I.C. § 141. issue an order forfeiting and 
divesting in favor of the Government of the Virgin Islands all of Defendants' interests in any real 
and personal property within the territory of the U.S. Virgin Islands used to facilitate the criminal 
enterprise carried out by the Epstein Enterprise, including but not limited to Little St. James Island 
and Greater St. James Island.~ 
E. 
Issue an order forfeiting to the Government or the Virgin Islands any proceeds or 
funds obtained by Defendants, whether directly or indirectly, during the course of the criminal 
activity of the Epstein Enterprise; 
F. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)( I), require Defendants to divest themselves of any 
real property or other interests in favor of the Government of the Virgin Islands used to further the 
goals of the Epstein Enterprise; 
G. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)(3) and (5), order the dissolution of the Epstein 
Enterprise. including but not limited to, order the dissolution of the corporate Defendants; 
H. 
Pursuant to 14 V.l.C. § 607(aX2) enter an injunction to prevent the further criminal 
conduct, and concealment of the criminal conduct, by the Epstein Enterprise; 
I. 
Pursuant to 14 V.1.C. § 607(a)(4), order the revocation of any and all licenses, 
permits and approvals that had been granted by any agency of the Territory, and require the 
repayment of any tax benefits that had been bestowed on any Defendant; 
J. 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)(6)(e), award the Government the maximum civil 
penalty for each and every violation of law committed by the Epstein Enterprise; 

GVI v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein 
GVl's First Amended Complaint 
PageS4 ofSS 
K. 
Pursuant to 14 V.l.C. § 607, award treble damages and all other available remedies, 
including attorneys' fees and costs; 
L. 
Award compensatory and punitive damages for Defendants' civil conspiracy; 
M. 
Void the transfer of assets as fraudulently conveyed to the The 1953 Trust; 
N. 
Award such equitable relief, including disgorgement of all ill-gotten gains, as may 
be just and proper and appropriate, pursuant to 14-14-V.I.C. § 608(c)(4), to protect the rights of 
victims and innocent persons in the interest of justice and consistent with the purposes ofCICO; 
0. 
Assess and award a judgment in favor of the Government and against the 
Defendants for attorneys' fees and costs and pre- and post-judgment interest; and 
P. 
Award any and all other relief this Court deems appropriate. 
The Government demands a jury trial on all issues so triable. 
Dated: February 5, 2020 
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED, 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DENISE N. GEORGE, ESQUIRE 
ATTORNEY GENERAL 
V.I. Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 K.ronprindsens Gade 
GERS Building, 2nd Floor 
St Thomas, U.S.V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 774-5666 
Email: Carol.Jacobs@vi.gov 
•--· · · · i Fonnatled: Don't ~enate 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.07.13 Exhibit A.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.07.13 Exhibit B.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.07.13 Exhibit B.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
July 13, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 
EXHIBITB 

I 
I 
I! 
UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 
*****CICO SUBPOENA***** 
DUCESTECUM 
SUBPOENA FOR: 
• RECORDS 
IN THE NAME OF THE GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
TO: 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
c/o Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd. 
4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
ATTN: Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
PLACE: 
TIME: 3:00 p.m. 
NOTE: This subpoena places you on notice of an investigation by the Virgin Islands Department of 
Justice. You must maintain, and may not destroy, any documents, electronic records, or other material 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein and the entities described in the subpoena. 
Failure to produce the documents requested may cause the Attorney General to petition the Superior Court to 

compel you to produce the documents requested and to the is uance of a warrant for your arrest, under Title 14 
V.LC. ~ 612(k). 
Chief of the Ci ii Divi ion 
V.I. Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
3438 K.ronprindsens Gade 
G.E.R.S. Complex, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
(340) 774-5666 Ext. 10303 
RETUR.i'\1 OF SERVICE 
Received by Server on: _________ Place: ________________ ___ _ 
Served on (Name): 
____ _ ________ Date: _ ______ At: ______ _ 
Served by: ---- -·--- ---------- Title: 
DECLARA TJON OF SERVER 
l DECLAl 
U DER PF.NALTY OF PERJURY UNDER THE LAWS OF TH E United State$ of America and the 
Territo1y of the United Slate. Virgin Islands Lhat the foregoing information contained in the Return of Services 
Statement i tme and con-ect. 
Executed on: 
By: 

Exhibit A 
Subpoena Duces Tecum directed to Banco Popular de Puerto Rico 
RECORDS DELIVERY ONLY. NO ORAL TESTIMONY WILL BE TAKEN. 
IF RECORDS ARE DELIVERED PRIOR TO April 17, 2020, YOU NEED NOT APPEAR. 
If more than thirty (30) days is needed to respond to this subpoena, please contact the Civil 
Division Chief, Attorney Ariel Smith, at the Virgin Islands Department of Justice. 
I. 
Definitions 
Unless otherwise specified, the documents specified below are required to be produced for the 
time period commencing January 1, 1998 and continuing through the present. Where 
production of account data is provided in electronic format or media the preferred software 
format to incorporate the data into is Microsoft Excel. 
As used herein, the following terms are defined as indicated: 
1. 
As used herein, the term "Account Holder" shall mean any person or entity in whose 
name an account is held or where the person or entity has held any ownership or other 
interest or has had signatory authority. 
2. 
"All/Each." The term "all" and "each" shall be construed as all and each. 
3. 
"And/Or." The connectives "and" and "or" shall be construed either disjunctively or 
conjunctively as necessary to bring within the scope of the discovery request all 
responses that might otherwise be construed to be outside of its scope. 
4. 
"Communication" means the transmittal of information (in the form of facts, ideas, 
inquiries or otherwise). 
5. 
"Concerning" means relating to, referring to, describing, evidencing or constituting. 
6. 
The terms "Document" or "Documents" are defined to be synonymous and equal in scope 
to the usage of these terms in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 34(a), including, without 
limitation, any written, drawn, printed, typed, photographed or other graphic or 
electronically or computerized recorded data or compilations of any kind or nature 
prepared or received by, or in the possession, custody or control of the answering party, 
its agents, servants, employees or other representatives. Originals, drafts and all non-
identical copies are separate documents within the meaning of this term. 

7. 
The term "identify" when used with reference to a person, means to give, to the extent 
known, the person's full name, present or last known address, and when referring to a 
natural person, additionally, the present or last known place of employment. Once a 
person has been identified in accordance with this subparagraph, only the name of that 
person need to be listed in response to subsequent discovery requesting the identification 
of that person. 
8. 
The term "identify" when used with reference to documents, means to give, to the extent 
known, the (i) type of document; (ii) general subject matter; (iii) date of the document; 
and (iv) author(s), addressee(s) and recipient(s). 
9. 
The term "identify" when used with reference to an oral communication, discussion, 
conversation or any other oral statement, shall mean to describe in detail the substance of 
each such communication, discussion, conversation or statement, state the date of such 
communication, discussion, conversation or statement, the place where such 
communication, discussion, conversation or statement was held and identify each person 
present for such communication, discussion, conversation or statement. 
10. 
"Person" means any natural person or any business, legal or governmental entity or 
association. 
11. 
"Referring to", "relating to", "reflecting", "regarding" or "with respect to" mean, without 
limitation the concepts: pertain to, deal with, concern, reflect, record, report, constitute, 
contain, mention, describe, discuss, analyze, evaluate, estimate, study, survey, project, 
assess, support, modify, contradict, criticize, summarize, comment, or otherwise involve, 
in whole or in part. 
12. 
"You means You, along with any organization or entity in which You have management 
or controlling interests, together with all present and former directors, officers, 
employees, agents, representatives or any other persons acting, or purporting to act, on 
Your behalf. 

I 
I 
II. 
Instructions 
1. 
2. 
When providing Your responses, indicate the Request to which each Document or answer 
responds in the metadata field, Request No. 
Documents produced pursuant to these Requests shall be produced as they are kept in the 
ordinary course of business. 
3. 
For each Document that You produce, produce the current version together with all earlier 
editions or predecessor Documents during the relevant time period, even though the title 
of earlier Documents may differ from current versions. Format for Documents produced 
electronically: 
a. 
Data shall be produced in single page TIFFs at a 300 DPI resolution which 
are named for the Bates Number of the page. There shall be no more than 
1000 images per folder. Bates numbers, confidentiality designations, and 
redactions shall be burned into the TIFF image file so as not to unreasonably 
obstruct any information on the page. 
b. 
Document Unitization. Each page of a Document shall be electronically 
converted into an image as described above. If a Document is more than 
one page, the unitization of the Document and any attachments and/or 
affixed notes shall be maintained as it existed in the original when creating 
the image file and appropriately designated in the load files. 
The 
corresponding parent/attachment relationships, to the extent possible, shall 
be provided in the load files furnished with each production. 
c. 
Include Document level text files containing optical character recognition 
("OCR") or extracted text named with the Bates Number of the first page 
of the Document. 
d. 
Include data load files containing all of the metadata fields (both system and 
application - see list below) from the original Native Documents with 
extension.dat for Concordance. 
e. 
Include the database field name in the first line of the metadata file, in such 
a manner that it is clear how the metadata is organized in the file. 
f. 
Include an image load file for Concordance - such as .opt. 
g. 
All hidden text (e.g., track changes, hidden columns, comments, notes, etc.) 
shall be expanded, extracted, and rendered in the . TIFF file. 

h. 
Documents created in Excel (spreadsheets), .CSV files, Access (databases), 
and audio and video media files shall be produced in Native format. The 
extractable metadata and text shall be produced in the same manner as other 
Documents that originated in electronic form (as described herein) to the 
extent that metadata exists or is reasonably accessible. 
i. 
Email attachments and embedded files or links shall be mapped to their 
parent. 
J. 
Produce all attachments to responsive Documents attached to the responsive 
Documents. 
k. 
De-duplicate prior to production. To the extent that exact duplicate 
Documents (based on MOS or SHA-I hash values at the Document level) 
reside within a party's data set, each party is only required to produce a 
single copy of a responsive Document, so long as there is a data field that 
identifies each custodian who had a copy. In addition, Documents may be 
de-duplicated in such a way as to eliminate earlier or incomplete chains of 
emails, and produce only the most complete iteration of an email chain so 
long as there is a data field that identifies each custodian who had a copy. 
REQUIRED METADATA FIELDS: 
BEGDOC 
ENDDOC 
BEGATTACH 
ENDATTACH 
ATTCOUNT 
ATTACH 
CUSTODIAN 
AUTHOR 
FROM 
TO 
cc 
BCC 
FILESIZE 
PGCOUNT 
DATERECD 
TIMERECD 
DATESENT 
TIMESENT 
CRTDATE 
CRTTIME 

LASTMODDATE 
LASTMODTIME 
LASTACCDATE 
LASTACCTIME 
TITLE 
SUBJECT 
EMAILSUBJECT 
FILENAME 
FILEEXT 
MD5HASH 
ORGANIZATION 
FULLPATH 
RECORD TYPE 
VERSION 
VOLUME 
COMMENT 
PRINTED DATE 
ENTRYID 
ATTLST 
ITEMTYPE 
PSTINSIDEPATH 
ITEMCREATIONTIME 
REQA TT ANDEES 
REMINDER TIME 
REPLYTIME 
APPOINTMENTST ARTDATE 
APPOINTMENTDURA TIONTIME 
APPOINTMENTCONTACT 
CATEGORY 
KEYWORDS 
MANAGER 
LAST AUTHOR 
ENCRYPTED 
FAMILYDATE 
NATIVELINK 
TEXTPATH 
REQUESTNO 
4. 
Format for hard copies of Documents produced in response to this Request: 
a. 
Re-type the question or request to which the Documents respond and firmly 
attach the Documents to the re-typed request; 

5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
III. 
b. 
Number all Documents consecutively, consistently with the numbers used 
for the Documents produced electronically. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the relevant time period for this Request for Production of 
Documents is January l, 1998 to the present. 
If no Documents responsive to a particular request exist, so state. 
As to any Document which no longer exists but which You are aware existed at one time, 
identify such Document with as much particularity as possible, and in addition, identify 
the last known location of the Document, the reason the Document is no longer in 
existence, and the person responsible for the Document's disposition. 
For information that You withhold on the basis of privilege, provide a descriptive list of 
each Document stating the grounds for Your refusal and providing the following 
information: the name or title of the Document; a description of the nature and subject 
matter of the Document sufficient to enable a meaningful challenge to the assertion of 
privilege; the date, author(s), sender(s), and recipient(s) of the Document, including 
whether the person is an attorney and/or was an employee of Banco Popular de Puerto 
Rico. at the time the Document was authored, sent or received; and the nature of the 
privilege. 
These requests shall be deemed continuing in character so as to require prompt 
supplemental responses if additional Documents called for herein are obtained, discovered, 
or become known to You between the time of responding to the Requests and the final 
disposition of this action. 
Social Security numbers may be redacted from documents to the extent required by 
applicable law. 
Requests for the Production of Documents 
Please produce the following: 
1. 
All Documents and discovery obtained or provided in other litigation concerning or 
concerning allegations that You or Jeffrey Epstein engaged in sexual abuse, human 
trafficking, commercial sex, or pornography, including in the Virgin Islands. 
2. 
Transcripts and video recordings of all depositions taken of You in Giuffre v. Maxwell 
(No. 15 CV 07433-RWS) and Ransome v. Epstein, Maxwell et al (No. 17 Civ. 0616 
JGK). 

3. 
4. 
All Documents You reference or rely on in the complaint in Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey 
E. Epstein Civil Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
All Documents reflecting or concerning travel to or from the Virgin Islands for You, 
Jeffrey Epstein, or other individuals. 
5. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning communications between You, or Your agent or 
representative, and Darren Indyke, or Richard Kahn. 
6. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning communications between You, or Your agent or 
representative, and Jeffrey Epstein. For this Request, provide documents from 1991 to 
present. 
7. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning Your allegation that Jeffrey Epstein agreed to 
indemnify you, pay Your legal fees, or otherwise provide financial support to You 
including, but not limited to, the notes referenced in Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. 
Epstein Civil Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
8. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning your employment for the companies and entities 
You described in Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein Civil Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
9. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning massages or other services You arranged or 
compensated for Jeffrey Epstein. 
10. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning a list of masseuses kept for any of the properties 
owned or controlled by Jeffrey Epstein. 
11. 
All photographs of Jeffrey Epstein, including, but not limited to, all photographs of You 
and Jeffrey Epstein. 
12. 
All photographs or videos taken of any of the women or girls who ever provided a 
massage for Jeffrey Epstein, regardless oflocation, or any visitor at Great St. James or 
Little St. James. 
13. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning a list of names, numbers, and addresses kept at 
any of the properties owned or controlled by Jeffrey Epstein. 
14. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning lists of names, numbers, and addresses You 
created or kept in the course of Your employment, as You described in Maxwell v. 
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein Civil Case No. ST-20-CV-155 

15. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning the purchase, maintenance, construction, 
permits, or other services provided to or obtained in connection with Great St. James or 
Little St. James. 
16. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning tax incentives obtained by Epstein or any 
Epstein Entity from the Government of the Virgin Islands or any agency or entity 
associated with the Government. 
17. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning communications between You, Jeffrey Epstein, 
or any Epstein Entity with or about the Government of the Virgin Islands, or any agency 
or entity associated with the Government. 
18. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning visitors to or houseguests of Great St. James or 
Little St. James. 
19. 
Documents sufficient to identify all email addresses, telephone numbers, and social 
media accounts used by You and Jeffrey Epstein. (You may answer this question, rather 
than provide responsive documents.) 
20. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning communications between You and/or Jeffrey 
Epstein and any Person who visited or was a houseguest at Great St. James or Little St. 
James regarding the Person's visit or other visitors to the Island. 
21. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning travel on any airplane, helicopter, or boat owned 
or used by You or Jeffrey Epstein, including, but not limited to, Air Ghislaine. 
22. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning transfers or payment of money or other assets 
between You, Jeffrey Epstein, any Epstein Entity or agent, any entity of which you are 
an owner, officer, shareholder, or employee. 
23. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning bank accounts, securities or other investments, 
property, or other assets held by or transferred to or from Jeffrey Epstein or any Epstein 
Entity or agent. 
24. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning visas or other travel arrangements for models or 
other women or girls transported to the United States, including the Virgin Islands. 
25. 
All photographs, videos, audio messages, and/or any other visual media or audio 
recording reflecting You, Jeffrey Epstein, and/or any visitor to Little St. James or Great 
St. James. 

26. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning the presence of any Person on Little St. James 
or Great St. James for any purpose, including, but not limited to, any contractors or 
employees of Epstein or any Epstein Entity. 
27. 
All Documents reflecting to any offer of employment or contract of employment, 
severance agreement, or non-disclosure agreement for any employee of Jeffrey Epstein 
or any Epstein Entity, including, but not limited to, temporary, part-time, or full-time 
employees, in any capacity, at Little St. James or Great St. James. 
28. 
Your telephone and credit card statements. 
29. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning payments You received from any Epstein 
Entity. 
30. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning Your role as Director and Treasurer of Financial 
Trust Company, including, but not limited to, payroll records, client lists, vendor lists, 
correspondence, bank statements or account documents, and business plans. 
31. 
All Documents reflecting or concerning identification documents (such as passports or 
driver licenses) for visitors to Little St. James or Great St. James. 

EXHIBITB 
Subpoena Duces Tecum directed to Ghislaine Maxwell 
RECORDS DELIVERY ONLY. NO ORAL TESTIMONY WILL BE TAK.EN. 
IF RECORDS ARE DELIVERED PRIOR TO April 17, 2020, YOU NEED NOT APPEAR. 
If more than thirty (30) days is needed to respond to this subpoena, please contact the Civil 
Division Chief, Attorney Ariel Smith, at the Virgin Islands Department of Justice. 
Individuals and Entities For Which Information To Be Provided 
I. 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
2. 
Estate of J effiey E. Epstein 
3. 
The 1953 Trust 
4. 
PlanD, LLC 
5. 
Great St. Jim, LLC 
6. 
Nautilus, Inc. 
7. 
Hyperion Air, LLC 
8. 
Poplar Inc. 
9. 
C.O.U.Q. Foundation 
10. 
Epstein Foundation, Inc. 
11. 
Epstein Interests 
12. 
Gratitude America LTD 
13. 
J. Epstein Foundation, Inc. 
14. 
Southern Trust Co. 
15. 
Financial Trust Co. Inc. 
16. 
IGY-A YH St. Thomas Holdings, LLC. 
17. 
Maple, Inc. 
18. 
Cypress, Inc. 
19. 
Laurel, Inc. 
20. 
JEGE,LLC. 
21. 
Southern Country International 

EXHIBITC 

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
X 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
-
V . 
-
GHISLAINE MAXWELL , 
Defendant. 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
X 
COUNT ONE 
SEALED 
INDICTMENT 
Cr . 
Cr. 330 
(Conspir acy to Entice Minors to Travel t o Engage in 
Illegal Sex Acts) 
The Grand Jury charges : 
OVERVIEW 
. 
The charges set forth herein stem from the role 
of GHISLAINE MAXWELL , the defendant, in the sexual exploitation 
and abuse of multiple · minor girls by Jeffrey Epstei n. 
In 
particular, from at least in or about 1994, up to and including 
at l east in or about 1997, MAXWELL assisted, facilitated , and 
contributed to Jeffrey Epst ein ' s abus e of minor g i rls by, among 
other things, helping Epstein to recruit , groom, and ultimately 
abuse victims kno~m to MAXWELL and Epstein to be under the age 
of 18 . 
The victims were as young as 14 years old when they were 
groomed and abused by MAXWELL and Eps tein , both of whom knew 
t hat certain victims were in fact under the age of 18 . 
. 
As a part and in furtherance o f t hei r s cheme t o 
abuse minor victims , GHISLAINE MAXWELL , the defendant, and 
Jeffrey Epstein enticed and caused minor victi ms to travel to 

Epstein's residences in different states, which MAXWELL knew and 
intended would result in their grooming for and subjection to 
sexual abuse. 
Moreover, in an effort to conceal her crimes, 
MAXWELL repeatedly lied when questioned about her conduct, 
including in relation to some of the minor victims described 
herein , when providing testimony under oath in 2016 . 
FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
3. 
During the time periods charged in this 
Indictment, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, had a personal and 
professional relationship with Jeffrey Epstein and was among his 
closest associates . 
In particular, beLween in or about 1994 and 
in or about 1997, MAXWELL was in an intimate relationship with 
Epstein and also was paid by Epstein to manage his various 
properties . 
Over the course of their relationship, MAXWELL and 
Epstein were photographed together on multiple occasions, 
including in the below image: 

4. 
Beginning in at least 1994, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
the defendant, enticed and groomed multiple minor girls to 
engage in sex acts with Jeffrey Epstein, through a variety of 
means and methods, including but not limited to the following: 
a. 
MAXWELL first attempted to befriend some of 
-Epstein's minor victims prior to their abuse, including by 
asking the victims about their lives, their schools, and thei~ 
families . 
MAXWELL and Epstein would spend time building 
friendships with minor victims by, for example, taking minor 
victims to the movies or shopping. 
Some of these outings would 
involve MAXWELL and Epstein spending time together with a minor 
victim, while some would involve MAXWELL or Epstein spending 
time alone with a minor victim. 
b. 
Having developed a rapport with a victim, 
MAXWELL would try to normalize sexual abuse for a minor victim 
by, among other things, discussing sexual topics, undressing in 
front of the victim, being present when a minor victim was 
undressed, and/or being present for sex acts involving the minor 
victim and Epstein. 
c. 
MAXWELL'S presence during minor victims' 
interactions with Epstein, including interactions where the 
minor victim was undressed or that involved sex acts with 
Epstein, helped put the victims at ease because an adult woman 
was present. 
For example, in some instances, MAXWELL would 

massage Epstein in front of a minor victim. 
In other instances, 
MAXWELL encouraged minor victims to provide massages to Epstein, 
including sexualized massages during which a minor victim would 
be fully or partially nude. 
Many of those massages resulted in 
Epstein sexually abusing the minor victims. 
d. 
In addition, Epstein offered to help some 
minor victims by paying for travel and/or educational 
opportunities, and MAXWELL encouraged certain victims to accept 
Epstein's assistance. 
As a result, victims were made to feel 
indebted and believed that MAXWELL and Epstein were trying to 
help them. 
e. 
Through this process, MAXWELL and Epstein 
enticed victims to engage in sexual activity with Epstein. 
In 
some instances, MAXWELL was present for and participated in the 
sexual abuse of minor victims. 
Some such incidents occurred in 
the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 
5. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, facilitated 
Jeffrey Epstein's access to minor victims knowing that he had a 
sexual preference for underage girls and that he intended to 
engage in sexual activity with those victims. 
Epstein 1 s 
resulting abuse of minor victims included, among other things, 
touching a victim's breast, touching a victim's genitals, 
placing a sex toy such as a vibrator on a victim's genitals, 

directing a victim to touch Epstein while he masturbated, and 
directing a victim to touch Epstein's genitals . 
MAXWELL AND EPSTEIN'S VICTIMS 
6. 
Between approximately in or about 1994 and in or 
about 1997, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, facilitated 
Jeffrey Epstein's access to minor victims by, among other 
things, inducing and enticing, and aiding and abetting the 
inducement and enticement of, multiple minor victims . 
Victims 
were groomed and/or abused at multiple locations, including the 
following: 
a. 
A a multi-story private residence on the 
Upper East Side of Manhattan , New York owned by Epstein (the 
"New York Residence"), which is depicted in the following 
photograph: 

b. 
An estate in Palm Beach, Florida owned by 
Epstein (the "Palm Beach Residence"), which is depicted in the 
following photograph: 
c. 
A ranch in Santa Fe, New Mexico owned by 
Epstein (the "New Mexico Residencen), which is depicted in the 
following photograph : 

d. 
MAXWELL'S personal residence in London, 
England. 
7. 
Among the victims induced or enticed by GHISLAINE 
MAXWELL, the defendant, were minor victims identified herein as 
Minor Victim-1, Minor Victim-2, and Minor Victim-3. 
In 
particular, and during time periods relevant to this Indictment, 
MAXWELL engaged in the following acts, among others, with 
respect to minor victims: 
a . 
MAXWELL met Minor Victim-1 when Minor 
Victim-1 was approximately 14 years old. 
MAXWELL subsequently 
interacted with Minor Victim-1 on multiple occasions at 
Epstein's residences, knowing that Minor Victim-1 was under the 
age of 18 at the time . 
During these interactions, which took 
place between approximately 1994 and 1997, MAXWELL groomed Minor 
Victim-1 to engage in sexual acts with Epstein through multiple 
means. 
First, MAXWELL and Epstein attempted to befriend Minor 
Victim-1, taking her to the movies and on shopping trips. 
MAXWELL also asked Minor Victim-1 about school, her classes, her 
family, and other aspects of her life. 
MAXWELL then sought to 
normalize inappropriate and abusive conduct by, among other 
things, undressing in front of Minor Victim-1 and being present 
when Minor Victim-1 und~essed in front of Epstein. 
Within the 
first year after MAXWELL and Epstein met Minor Victim-1, Epstein 
began sexually abusing Minor Victim-1. 
MAXWELL was present for 

and involved in some of this abuse. 
In particular, MAXWELL 
involved Minor Victim-1 in group sexualized massages of Epstein. 
During those group sexualized massages, MAXWELL and/or Minor 
Victim-1 would engage in sex acts with Epstein. 
Epstein and 
MAXWELL both encouraged Minor Victim-1 to travel to Epstein's 
residences in both New York and Florida. 
As a result, Minor 
Victim-1 was sexually abused by Epstein in both New York and 
Florida. 
Minor Victim-1 was enticed to travel across state 
lines for the purpose of sexual encounters with Epstein, and 
MAXWELL was aware that Epstein engaged in sexual activity with 
Minor Victim-1 after Minor-Victim-1 traveled to Epstein's 
properties, including in the context of a sexualized massage. 
b. 
MAXWELL interacted with Minor Victim-2 on at 
least one occasion in or about 1996 at Epstein's residence in 
New Mexico when Minor Victim-2 was under the age of 18. 
Minor 
Victim-2 had flown into New Mexico from out of state at 
Epstein's invitation for the purpose of being groomed for and/or 
subjected to acts of sexual abuse. 
MAXWELL knew that Minor 
Victim-2 was under the age of 18 at the time. 
While in New 
Mexico, MAXWELL and Epstein took Minor Victim-2 to a movie and 
MAXWELL took Minor Victim-2 shopping. 
MAXWELL also discussed 
Minor Victim-2's school, classes, and family with Minor Victim-
2. 
In New Mexico, MAXWELL began her efforts to groom Minor 
Victim-2 for abuse by Epstein by, among other things, providing 

an unsolicited massage to Minor Victim-2, during which Minor 
Victim-2 was topless. 
MAXWELL also encouraged Minor Victim-2 to 
massage Epstein. 
c. 
MAXWELL groomed and befriended Minor 
Victim-3 in London, England between approximately 1994 and 1995, 
including during a period of time in which MAXWELL knew that 
Minor Victim-3 was under the age of 18. 
Among other things, 
MAXWELL discussed Minor Victim-3's life and family with Minor 
Victim-3. 
MAXWELL introduced Minor Victim-3 to Epstein and 
arranged for multiple interactions between Minor Victim-3 and 
Epstein. 
During those interactions, MAXWELL encouraged Minor 
Victirn-3 to massage Epstein, knowing that Epstein would engage 
in sex acts with Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
Minor 
Victim-3 provided Epstein with the requested massages, and 
during those massages, Epstein sexually abused Minor Victim-3. 
MAXWELL was aware that Epstein engaged in sexual activity with 
Minor Victirn-3 on multiple occasions, including at times when 
Minor Victim-3 ~as under the age of 18, including in the context 
of a sexualized massage. 
MAXWELL'S EFFORTS TO CONCEAL HER CONDUCT 
8. 
In or around 2016, in the context of a deposition 
as part of civil litigation, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, 
repeatedly provided false and perjurious statements, under oath, 
regarding, among other subjects, her role in facilitating the 

abuse of minor victims by Jeffrey Epstein, including some of the 
specific events and acts of abuse detailed above. 
STATUTORY ALLEGATIONS 
9. 
From at least in or about 1994, up to and 
including in or about 1997, in the Southern District of New York 
and elsewhere, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and others known and unknown, willfully and knowingly 
did combine, conspire, confederate, and agree together and with 
each other to commit an offense against the United States, to 
wit, enticement, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, 
Section 2422. 
10. It was a part and object of the conspiracy that 
GH,ISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and others 
known and unknown, would and did knowingly persuade, induce, 
entice, and coerce one and more individuals to travel in 
interstate and foreign commerce, to engage in sexual activity 
for which a person can be charged with a criminal offense, in 
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2422. 
overt Acts 
11. 
ln furtherance of the conspiracy and to effect 
the illegal object thereof, the following overt acts, among 
others, were committed in the Southern District of New York and 
elsewhere: 

a. 
Between in or about 1994 and in or about 
1997, when Minor Victim-1 was under the age of 18, MAXWELL 
participated in multiple group sexual encounters with Epstein 
and Minor Victim-1 in New York and Florida. 
b. 
In or about 1996, when Minor Victim-1 was 
under the age of 18, Minor Victim-1 was enticed to travel from 
Florida to New York for purposes of sexually abusing her at the 
New York Residence, in violation of New York Penal Law, Section 
130.55. 
c. 
In or about 1996, when Minor Victim-2 was 
under the age of 18, MAXWELL provided Minor Victim-2 with an 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
was topless. 
d. 
Between in or about 1994 and in or about 
1995, when Minor Victim-3 was under the age of 18, MAXWELL 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
London, England, knowing that Epstein intended to sexually abuse 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 371.) 
COUNT TWO 
(Enticement of a Minor to Travel to Engage in Illegal Sex Acts) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
12. 
The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 

13. 
From at least in or about 1994, up to and 
including in or about 1997, in the Southern District of New York 
and elsewhere, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, knowingly did 
persuade, induce, entice, and coerce an indiv:i:-dual to travel in 
interstate a~d foreign commerce to engage in sexual activity for 
which a person can be charged with a criminal offense, and 
attempted to do the same, and aided and abetted the same, to 
wit, MAXWELL persuaded, induced, enticed, and coerced Minor 
Victim-1 to travel from Florida to New York, New York on 
multiple oc_casions with the intention that Minor Victim-1 would 
engage in one or more sex acts with Jeffrey Epstein, in 
violation of New York Penal Law, Section 130 . 55. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 2422 and 2.) 
COUNT THREE 
(Conspiracy to Transport Minors with Intent to 
Engage in Criminal Sexual Activity) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
• 14 . 
The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 
15. 
From at least in or about 1994, up to and 
including in or about 1997, in the Southern District of New York 
and elsewhere, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and others known and unknown, willfully and knowingly 
did combine, conspire, confederate, and agree together and with 
each other to commit an offense against the United States, to 

wit, transportation of minors, in violation of Title 18, United 
States Code, Section 2423(a). 
16. It was a part and object of the conspiracy that 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and others 
known and unknown, would and did, knowingly transport an 
individual who had not attained the age of 18 in interstate and 
foreign commerce, with intent that the individual engage in 
sexual activity for which a person can be charged with a 
criminal offense, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, 
Section 2423(a). 
Overt Acts 
17. 
In furtherance of the conspiracy and to effect 
the illegal object thereof, the following overt acts, among 
others, were committed in the Southern District of New York and 
elsewhere: 
a. 
Between in or about 1994 and in or about 
1997, when Minor Victim-1 was under the age of 18, MAXWELL 
participated in multiple group sexual encounters with EPSTEIN 
and Minor Victim-1 in New York and Florida. 
b. 
In or about 1996, when Minor Victim-1 was 
under the age of 18, Minor Victim-1 was enticed to travel from 
Florida to New York for purposes of sexually abusing her at the 

New York Residence, in violation of New York Penal Law, Section 
130.55. 
c. 
In or about 1996, when Minor Victim-2 was 
under the age of 18, MAXW_ELL provided Minor Victim-2 with an 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
was topless. 
d . 
Between in or about 1994 and in or about 
1995, when Minor Victim- 3 was under the age of 18, MAXWELL 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
London, England, knowing that Epstein intended to sexually abuse 
Minor Victim·-3 during those massages .. 
('I'itle 18, United States Code, Section 371.) 
COUNT FOUR 
(Transportation of a Minor with Intent to 
Engage in Criminal sexual Activity) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
18. 
The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within . 
19. 
From at least in or about 1994, up to and 
including in or about 1997, in the Southern District of New York 
and elsewhere, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, knowingly did 
transport an indi vidual who had not attained the age of 18 in 
interstate and foreign commerce, with the intent that the 
individual engage in sexual activity for which a person can be 
charged with a criminal offense, and attempted to do so, and 

aided and abetted the same, to wit, MAXWELL arranged for Minor 
Victim-1 to be transported from Florida to New York, New York on 
multiple occasions with the intention that Minor Victim-1 would 
engage in one or more sex acts with Jeffrey Epstein, in 
violation of New York Penal Law, Section 130.55. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 2423(a} and 2.) 
COUNT FIVE 
(Perjury) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
20. 
The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 
21. 
On or about April 22, 2016, in the Southern 
District of New York, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, having 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
connection with a case then pending before the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York under 
docket number 15 Civ. 7344, knowingly made false material 
declarations, to wit, MAXWELL gave the following underlined 
false testimony: 
Q. 
Did Jeffrey Epstein have a scheme to recruit 
underage girls for sexual_massages? If you know. 
A. 
I don't know what you're talking about. 

Q. 
A. 
List all the people under the age of 18 that you 
interacted with at any of Jeffrey's properties? 
I'm not aware of anybody that I interacted with, 
other than obviously (the plaintiff] who was 17 
at this point. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 1623.) 
COUNT SIX 
(Perjury) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
22. 
The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 
23. 
On or about July 22, 2016, in the Southern 
District of New York, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, having 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
connection with a case then pending before the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York under 
docket number 15 Civ. 7344, knowingly made false material 
declarations, to wit, MAXWELL gave the following underlined 
false testimony: 
Q: 
Were you aware of the presence of sex toys or 
devices used in sexual activities in Mr. 
Epstein's Palm Beach house? 
A: 
No, not that I recall .... 
Q. 
Do you know whether Mr. Epstein possessed sex 
toys or devices used in sexual activities? 
A. 
No. 

Q. 
Other than yourself and the blond and brunette 
that you have identified as having been involved 
in three-way sexual activities, with whom did Mr. 
Epstein have sexual activities? 
A. 
I wasn't aware that he was having sexual 
activities with anyone when I was with him other 
than myself. 
Q. 
I want to be sure that I'm clear. 
Is it your 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were 
not aware that Mr. Epstein was having sexual 
activities with anyone other than yourself and 
the blond and brunette on those few occasions 
when they were involved with you? 
A. 
Q. 
A. 
Q. 
A. 
Q. 
A. 
That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Is it your testimony that you've never given 
anybody a massage? 
I have not given anyone a massage. 
You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that 
your testimony? 
That is my testimony. 
You never gave [Minor Victim-2) a massage is your 
testimony? 
I never gave [Minor Victim-2) a massage. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 1623.) 
RAUSS 
nited States Attorney 

Form No. USA-33s- 274 (Ed. 9-25-58) 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
INDICTMENT 
(18 u.s.c. §§ 371, 1623, 2422, 2423(a), 
and 2) 
AUDREY STRAUSS 
Acting United States Attorney 
Foreperson 

EXHIBITD 

U ITED STATES VIRGI ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
OFFICE OF THE ATTO RN EY GENERAL 
In re: Subpoen:;i for Reconls for Ghislaine Ma:.well 
Case No.: N/A 
AFFIDAVIT OF SERVICE 
I. Raf::icl Perez, a Private Process Server, being duly sworn, depose 1111d say: 
Thal I have been duly authorized to make service of the Subpoena Duces Tecum with Exhibits in Lhe above en lilied case. 
That J am over the age or eighteen years and not a party to or otherwise interested in this action. 
That on J/20/2020 at 12:JO PM, I served Ghislaine M::ixwcll c/o Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. with the Subpoena Duces 
Tecu111 with Exhibits at 9300 South Dadelancl Boulevard, 4th Floor, Miallli, Florida 33156 by serving Eric Boyer, Designated 
Agent, who stated llrnl he/she is authorized to accept servici;: 011 belrnlf of Ghislai ne M11xwcll e/o Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & 
Boyer, P.A .. 
Eric Boyer is described herein as: 
Cie11dcr: ~..!ale Race/Skin : White Age: 40's Weight: I SO 
Heigh!: 5'6" 
Hair: White 
Glasses: No 
I declare under penally ofpe1jury Lliat this i11fornrntio11 is true and correct. 
Sworn to before me on 3 \?, 4-1 I 10'1, 0 
~ 
Raracl Perez 
Client Ref Number:N/A 
Job#: 1576402 
Capitol Process Services, Inc. I 1827 18th Street, NW, Washington, DC 20009 \ (202) 667-0050 

UNITED ST ATES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 
*****CICO SUBPOENA***** 
DUCES TECUM 
SUBPOENA FOR: 
RECORDS 
IN THE NAME OF THE GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
TO: 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
c/o Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd. 
4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
ATTN: Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
NOTE: This subpoena places you on notice of an investigation by the Virgin Islands Department of 
Justice. You must maintain, and may not destroy, any documents, electronic records, or olher material 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein and the entities described in the subpoena. 
Failure to produce the documents requested may cause the Attorney Genernl to petition the Superior Court to 

•· compel you to produce the documents requested and to the issuance of a warrant for your arrest, under Title 14 
VJ.C. * 
612(k). 
~·~-
1:~l~vil Division 
. DATED this __ 
/_?_
day of March, 2020. 
V.l. Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
3438 Kronprindsens Gade 
G.E.R.S. Complex, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
(340) 774-5666 Ext. 10303 
RETURN OF SERV[CE 
Received by Server on: 
_ _ ____ __ Place: _________________ _ 
Served on (Name):_ 
_ ____________ Date: _______ At: _____ _ 
Served by: ____ _ __ ___
________________ Tille: __________ _ 
DECLAUA TlON 01'' SERVER 
I DECLARE UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY UNDER THE LAWS OF THE United States of America and the 
Territory of the United States Virgin Islands that the foregoing information contained in the Return of Se1vices 
Statement is tme and correct. 
Executed on: 
By: 

I 
I 
I 
i 
I 
EXHIBITE 

From: david.cattie@cattie-law.com <david.cattie@cattie-law.com> 
Sent: Wednesday, April 15, 2020 12:43 PM 
To: Ariel Smith <Ariel.Smith-Francois@vi.gov> 
Subject: [EXTERNAL MAIL]Ghislaine Maxwell 
Good day Attorney Smith: 
Please note that I have been retained by Ghislaine Maxwell In regard to two subpoenas from your office which were 
delivered to Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer in Miami Florida. I am not sure about your work schedule in light of the 
COVID-19 issues, but I would like to meet or set up a conference call with you to discuss these matters. Unfortunately, I 
am having emergency surgery tomorrow so I will likely not be in a position to meet/conference with you until the middle 
of next week. Please let me know if/when you would be able to meet and your preferred method to conduct a meeting. 
Thank you and I hope you are staying safe. 
Dave 
David J. Cattie, Esq. 
T he Cattie Law Firm, P.C. 
1710 Kongens Gade 
St. Thomas, Virgin Islands 00802 
T. 340. 775.1200/F. 800.878.5237 
www.cattie-law.com 

EXHIBITF 

From: Singer, Linda <lsinger@motleyrice.com> 
Sent: Friday, May 1, 2020 9:42 AM 
To: David Cattie <david.cattie@cattie-law.com> 
Cc: Ariel Smith <Ariel.Smith-Francois@vi.gov>; Scott, Carmen <cscott@motleyrice.com > 
Subject: f/u on our conversation this week 
Attorney Cattie: 
I hope that you are well. 
When we spoke on Monday, you indicated that you expected to have a response from your client by the end of this 
week. Can you let us know where things stand? 
I would be happy to set up a call for this afternoon if you would prefer to speak by phone. 
Best, 
Linda 
Linda Singer I Attorney at Law I Motley Rice LLC 
401 9th St. NW, Suite 1001 I Washington, DC 20004 
o. 202.386.9626 x5626 I f. 202.386.9622 j lsinger@motleyrice.com 

l 
I 
I 
EXHIBITG 
I 
' l 
l 

From: david.cattie@cattie-law.com <david.cattie@cattie-law.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 12:52 PM 
To: Singer, Linda lsinger@motleyrice.com1 
Cc: 'Ariel Smith' <Ariel.Smith-Francois@vi.gov>; Scott, Carmen <cscott@motleyrice.com>; 'Carol Jacobs' 
<Carol.Jacobs@vi.gov> 
Subject: RE: EXTERNAL-RE: f/u on our conversation this week 
Good day counsels:. 
I thank you for your consideration in this matter. I cannot waive the issue of service of the subpoenas, nor can I disclose 
my client's location to anyone at this time. In the interest of resolving this issue, however, I am willing to collect and 
provide the documents/items on the attached list. As you know, there are rather broad protective orders in the non-VI 
litigation which preclude even me from accessing most of the information in those cases. I have determined that I can 
provide the items on the attached list without running afoul of those protective orders. If you are amenable to resolving 
the subpoenas in this manner please confirm that in writing (perhaps we should draft a short agreement to that 
effect) and I will collect and produce this information to you in short order. 
If you wou Id like to discuss this matter further, please let me know. 
Dave 
David]. Cattie, Esq. I Attorney & Counselor at Law 
I The Cattie Law Firm, P.C. 
I tel: 340.775.1200/ fax.: 800.878.5237 
I e-mail: david.cattie@cattie-law.com 
I web: www.cattie-law.com 
I address: 1710 Kongens Gade, St. Thomas V.I. 008oz 

EXHIBITH 

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
David: 
Singer, Linda 
Thursday, May 28, 2020 4:01 PM 
david.cattie@cattie-law.com 
'Ariel Smith'; Scott, Carmen; 'Carol Jacobs' 
RE: EXTERNAL-RE: f/u on our conversation this week 
Apologies for the slow response, and thank you for reaching out. 
First, my reading of the protective order, as with most protective orders, is that Ms. Maxwell can share any document 
that she produced or other discovery material that she designated confidential. 
Second, also per the protective order, Ms. Maxwell could seek the consent of opposing counsel to produce the materials 
produced by the opposing party. 
I suspect that would cover at least substantially all of the documents in that litigation. Please let me know if you 
disagree with my interpretation. 
In part, we focused on these litigation materials because we believe that they would not be burdensome to collect and 
produce. However, we also would be happy to discuss emails or other records that are relevant to the Government's 
investigation in Ms. Maxwell's custody and control that could be produced outside of the protective order. 
Please let me know if you would like to discuss. 
Best, 
Linda 
Linda Singer I Attorney at Law I Motley Rice LLC 
401 9th St. NW, Suite 1001 I Washington, DC 20004 
o. 202.386.9626 x5626 If. 202.386.9622 I lsinger@motleyrice.eom 

; 
' I 
i I 
, 
EXHIBIT I 

UNITED ST A TES VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 
*****CICO SUBPOENA***** 
DUCESTECUM 
SUBPOENA FOR: 
RECORDS 
CASE ST-20-CV-014 
IN THE NAME OF THE GOVERNMENT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
TO: 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
c/o David J. Cattie, Esq. 
1710 Kongens Gade 
St. Thomas, V.I., 00802 
ATTN: David J. Cattie, Esq. 
Title 14 V.I.C. § 612(a) provides that "[w]~~never any persqp is reasonably suspected to have engaged 
in, or to be engaging in, or about to engag~_fo MY conduct ·'constitµtiri.g a violation of any of the 
provisions of section 605r the Att9111ey General may, in his di_scretion, conduct an investigation of the 
conduct. The Attorney General is ~utlJ,orized before the commencement of~nd _during any civil or 
criminal proceeding or a.cti9t1 under this chapter to st1bpoena witnesses, cornpeh_beir attendance, examine 
them under oath, or to require the production of any b:ooks, documents, records, writings, recordings or 
tangible things (hereinafter referred to as '1documentafy matetja!'J}relevant or fu1H~rial to the 
investigation, for inspection, reprod~cing,'and/or copying. 
• • 
Pursuant to Title 14 V.LC. Section 612(a), YOU AIU} '8ERE~YCOMMANDEQ to produce forthwith 
copies of the documents listed below ih Exhibit A: , • 
• 
, 
• 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § ~12(c), the documents requ¢sted is in refere11ce to an oqgojng investigation by the 
Virgin Islands Depaf!rriertt of Justice of the rape, at>hs~; exploitation imd ~raffi~kfQg .pf young women and 
underage girls by Jeffr~:Y E: Ep~tein and his associa(esln violation of 14 V.I.C. § 13,3 et seq., as well as 
other Virgin Islands stawtes. 
• 
Personal appearance is not n:quired to deliver the documents required by this subpoena; instead, please 
provide them to Special Agent Tariqtie'.{'urnbull, DepartntenJ pf.Justice. 
PLACE: 
United States Virgin Islands 
Department of Justice 
3438 Kronprindsens Gade 
G.E.R.S. Complex, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, VI 00802-5712 
DATE: July 2, 2020 
TIME: 3:00 p.m. 
NOTE: This subpoena places you on notice of an investigation by the Virgin Islands Department of 
Justice. You must maintain, and may not destroy, any documents, electronic records, video or other material 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. 

--
Failure to produce the documents requested may cause the Attorney General to petition the Superior Court to 
compel you to produce the documents requested and to the issuance of a warrant for your arrest, under Title 14 
V.I.C. * 612(k). 
'-.·, 
quire 
Chief of the 
ivil Division 
V.I. Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
3438 Kronprindsens Gade 
G.E.R.S. Complex, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
(340) 774-5666 Ext. 10155 
RETURN OF SERVICE 
Received by Server on: _ _ ____ ___ Place: _ ____ ________ _ _ __ _ 
Served on (Name): 
Date: 
At: 
--- -
-----
-
-
Served by: _ ______ _ 
_ _____ __ _ Title: _ _ _____ _ ____ _ _ 
DECLARATION OF SERVER 
I DECLARE UNDER PENAL TY OF PERJURY UNDER THE LAWS OF THE United States of America and the 
Territory of the United States Virgin Islands that the foregoing infonnation contained in the Return of Services 
Statement is tme and coITect. 
Executed on: 
By: 

EXHIBIT J 

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Good day: 
david.cattie@cattie-law.com 
Wednesday, June 17, 2020 2:00 PM 
Singer, Linda 
'Ariel Smith'; Scott, Carmen; 'Carol Jacobs' 
RE: EXTERNAL-RE: f/u on our conversation this week 
2020 06 11 Subpoena Duces Tecum to Ghislaine Maxwell.pdf 
Please note that I have previously advised you that I am not authorized to accept service on behalf of Ms. 
Maxwell. Today (while I was actually on a Zoom call with Attorney Smith), the Attorney General's Office attempted to 
complete service of a CICO Subpoena (attached) through me. I advised the office that I was not authorized to accept 
service on her behalf. Also, please note that while the subpoena demands documents attached as Exhibit "A", there is 
no such exhibit attached thereto. 
David Cattie 
David J. Cattie, Esq. I Attorney & Counselor at Law 
I The Cattie Law Firm, P.C. 
I tel: 340.775.1200/ fax.: 800.878.5237 
I e-mail: david.cattie@cattie-law.com 
I web: www .cattie-law.com 
I address: 1710 Kongens Gade, St. Thomas V.I. 00802 

EXHIBITK 

Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK-SN Document 97 Filed 01/05/18 Page 1 of 8 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
JANEDOE43 
Plaintiff, 
V. 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
SARAH KELLEN, LESLEY GROFF and 
NATALYA MAL YSHEV 
Defendants. 
No. 17 Civ. 00616 (JGK) 
PLAINTIFF'S RENEWED MOTION TO APPROVE ALTERNATE SERVICE 
PURSUANT TO FEDERAL RULE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE 4(e)(l) 
Plaintiff, Sarah Ransome 1, by and through her undersigned counsel and pursuant to 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 4(e)(l) and the New York Civil Practice Law and Rules Section 
308(5) files this Renewed Motion to Approve Alternative Service and for grounds thereof states: 
As this Court is aware, Defendant Maxwell is also a defendant in another action in the 
Southern District of New York, Giuffre v. Maxwell, Case No. 15-cv-07433 RWS. In that action, 
Maxwell is represented by counsel who appeared before that Court on her behalf as recently as 
November 8, 2017. Despite that fact, Maxwell will apparently not authorize her counsel to 
accept service of the complaint in this case. Indeed, Maxwell's counsel has gone so far as to hire 
their own separate legal counsel to argue to this Court that they should not have to accept service 
in this case. Yet in this very case, Maxwell has already actively participated, including having 
counsel make a request for additional time to serve her answer and attempting to impose 
Plaintiff has decided to reveal her identity in connection with this matter and has filed a Notice to Change Case 
Caption. 

Case 1:17--cv-00616-JGK-SN Document 97 Filed 01/05/18 Page 2 of 8 
restrictions on the case of discovery materials. See DE 69 and November 23, 2017 Letter to 
Judge Koeltl, Exhibit D. 
While this Court originally granted Plaintiff Ms. Ransome's Motion for Alternate Service 
(DE 57). Maxwell's counsel sought reconsideration of that Order on October 30, 2017. This 
Court held a hearing on November 28, 2017 and issued an Order on November 30, 2017 
instructing Ms. Ransome to again attempt service on Defendant Maxwell on or before January 5, 
2018: "By that date, the plaintiff will file either proof of service or a renewed appl ication to the 
alternate service." DE 90. As directed, Ms. Ransome has made the following attempts to 
effectuate service on Maxwell: 
• 
Ms. Ransome provided Maxwell's counsel of record in the Giuffre v. Maxwell case a 
copy of the summons and complaint; 
• 
Ms. Ransome emailed a copy of the summons and complaint to the following email 
address which is publicly associated with Maxwell, gmax@ellmax.com. See 
Mccawley Deel. at Exhibit I, December 4, 2017 E-mail; 
• 
Ms. Ransome retained, at significant expense, a private investigation firm to attempt 
to effectuate service at locations associated with Maxwell in New York and New 
Jersey, including the following addresses: 
l. 116 E. 65th Street, New York, NY 10065; 
2. 457 Madison Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, 1\TY 10022; and 
3. 55 Monterey Avenue, Teaneck, NJ 07666. 
As detailed in the affidavit of Investigator Douglas Mercer (See McCawley Deel. at 
Exhibit 2), at one location, it was clear that individuals were present in the home but 
were refusing to answer the door and accept service; 
• 
Ms. Ransome conducted a public record search of the London Townhome that was 
identified in Epstein's Phone Directory as being associated with Defendant Maxwell: 
Kinnerton Street, London. The UK government record request demonstrates that 
title to the property was changed on March 17, 2016 to Eaton Square Prope1iies 
Limited and is no longer owned by Defendant Maxwell rendering attempts at service 
in London futile. See McCawley Deel. at Exhibit 3, Summary of Title NGL948023; 
and 

Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK-SN Document 97 Filed 01/05/18 Page 3 of 8 
• 
Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell is also identified as the founder of the TerraMar 
Project on its website. The organization has a New York address for its headquarters 
at 326 E. 65 th Street #326, New York, New York 10065. The email address identified 
with the organization is hello@theterramarproject.org. On January 4, 2018, we 
served a copy of the summons and complaint to the following potential email 
addresses: 
1. gmaxwell@theterramarproiect.org; 
2. maxwellg@theterramarproject.org; 
3. ghislaine@theterramarproject.org; 
4. gmax@thetenamarproject.org; 
5. maxwe1l@theterramarproject.org; and 
6. ghislaine.maxwell@thetenamarproject.org. 
See McCawley Deel. at Exhibit 4. The only email address which received a delivery 
failure message was maxwell@theterramarproject.org. 
Accordingly, having made renewed - and unsuccessful efforts - to serve Maxwell 
through conventional means, Ms. Ransome now renews her request for alternative service as 
such means as the Court may find appropriate. Ms. Ransome respectfully suggests that, as the 
Court allowed in its previous order, that service of the complaints on cunent legal counsel 
representing her in a related matter before this Comt and other publicly identified email accounts 
be permitted as a means of alternative service. 
MEMORANDUM OF LAW 
Service of a Complaint should not be a game of cat and mouse paiticularly where the 
defendant is represented by counsel in a matter pending in the same district. See Carillo v. 
Hagerty, No. 3:05CV1417 (MRK), 2006 WL 2165679, at * 1 (D. Conn. July 31, 2006) (comt 

Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK-SN Document 97 Filed 01/05/18 Page 4 of 8 
finding defendant should not benefit from service gamesmanship reasoning that: "service of 
process is not intended to be a game of hide and seek or cat and mouse."). 
Based on the exhaustion of the other methods of service delineated above, Ms. Ransome 
moves, pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 4(e)(l), for an order permitting service by 
an alternative method. Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 4(e)(l) provides that service upon a 
party may be effected by "following state law for serving a summons in an action brought in 
courts of general jurisdiction in the state where the district court is located or where service is 
made." Accordingly, Defendant Maxwell may be served pursuant to CPLR § 308, which 
provides several methods by which service upon a natural person may be effectuated, including 
personal service; service by "delivering the summons ... to a person of suitable age and discretion 
at the actual place of business, dwelling place or usual place of abode of the person to be served" 
and then mailing the summons to the individual's "last know residence;" or service by "affixing 
the summons to the door of either the actual place of business, dwelling place or usual place of 
abode within the state of the person to be served" and then "mailing the summons to such person 
at his or her last known residence" or to his or her place of business - so called "nail and mail" 
service. CPLR §§ 308(1), (2) & (4). 
If service under CPLR §§ 308(1), (2) & (4) is impracticable, CPLR § 308(5) permits 
service "in such manner as the court, upon motion without notice, directs." The determination of 
whether service is impracticable "depends upon the facts and circumstances of a particular case." 
Securities & Exch. Comm'n v. HGL Inc., No. 99 Civ. 3866 (DLC), 1999 WL 1021087, at *1 
(S.D.N.Y. Nov. 8, 1999). Although the plaintiff must show impracticability of service, there is 
no requirement of "proof of due diligence or of actual prior attempts to serve a party under the 
other provisions of the statute." Id. "When usual methods of service prove impracticable, service 

Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK-SN Document 97 Filed 01/05/18 Page 5 of 8 
that is reasonably calculated, under all the circumstances, to apprise the interested party of the 
pendency of the action will suffice." D.R.!., Inc. v. Dennis, No. 03 Civ. 10026 (PKL), 2004 WL 
1237511, at *1 (S.D.N.Y. June 3, 2004). 
New York Courts consistently affirm their right to direct or approve alternative methods 
of service where regular service has been deemed "impracticable." For example, in Dobkin v. 
Chapman, 21 N.Y.2d 490,498,289 N.Y.S.2d 161, 168 (1968), the New York Court of Appeals 
held that where a plaintiff could not follow the prescribed methods of service as set forth in § 
308, Courts are "given the discretion to fashion other means adapted to the particular facts of the 
case before it" pursuant to § 308(5) (referred to in Dobkin as § 308( 4), the predecessor to § 
308(5)). Moreover, the Court of Appeals held that a Court's discretion to fashion such methods 
of service "must be broad" if the statute is to be "meaningful." Id. at 499, 289 N.Y.S.2d at 168. 
There is no doubt that Defendant Maxwell has had actual notice and knowledge of the 
claims asserted in this Complaint. Ms. Ransome has tried multiple alternative avenues to serve 
Maxwell, including (1) sending the documents to her current counsel in another matter, (2) 
investigating and attempting service at multiple locations known to be associated with Defendant 
Maxwell, and (3) emailing the documents to Defendant Maxwell's publicly available email 
address. As a result, this Court should deem the service methods attempted to be sufficient and 
grant the Motion for Alternate Service. See Rampersad v. Deutsche Bank Secs., Inc., No. 02 Civ. 
7311 (LTS), 2003 WL21073951, at *1 (S.D.N.Y. May 9, 2003) (authorizing alternative service 
under§ 308(5) when Plaintiff was unable to determine Defendant's residence or place of 
business after "extensive Internet searches" and inquires with Defendant's former clients); Javier 
H. v. Garcia-Botello, 217 F.R.D. 308,309 (W.D.N.Y. 2003) (service by publication authorized 
when individual Defendant was a fugitive from the criminal justice system; was likely aware of 

Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK-SN Document 97 Filed 01/05/18 Page 6 of 8 
the pending civil action through his relatives, who were co-Defendants; and when the Court 
determined that Defendant would likely read a newspaper that was circulated in the region of his 
last known residence); see also HG!, Inc., 1999 WL 1021087, at *1 (service by publication in 
USA Today authorized when Defendant's whereabouts were unknown, efforts to locate his home 
or business address by searching computer databases failed, and there existed no record that he 
designated an agent for service); D.R./., Inc., 2004 WL 1237511, at *2 (after Plaintiff 
unsuccessfully attempted to serve Defendant through a process server and searched databases for 
his address, Court authorized service by sending process by certified mail to Defendant's last 
known address; by publishing the action in a local newspaper; and by emailing it to Plaintiffs 
last known email address). 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff prays for this Court to enter an Order granting Plaintiffs 
Motion to Approve Alternative Service Pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 
4(e)(l) and New York Civil Practice Law and Rules Section 308(5) upon Defendant Ghislaine 
Maxwell and finding that the service efforts made by Plaintiffs counsel herein are sufficient. 
Dated: January 5, 2018 
Respectfully submitted, 
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
Isl Sigrid Mccawley 
Sigrid S. Mccawley (Admitted Pro Hae Vice) 
Meredith Schultz (Admitted Pro Hae Vice) 
Boies Schiller Flexner LLP 
401 E. Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1200 
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tel: (954) 356-0011 
Bradley J. Edwards, Esq. 
Stanley Pottinger, Esq. 
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2 
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
Tel: (954) 524-2820 Fax: (954) 524-2822 

Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK-SN Document 97 Filed 01/05/18 Page 7 of 8 
Paul G. Cassell (Admitted Pro Hae Vice) 
S.J. Quinney College of Law 
University of Utah 
383 University St. 
Salt Lake City, UT 84112 
(801) 585-52022 
This daytime business address is provided for identification and correspondence purposes only and is not 
intended to imply institutional endorsement by the University of Utah for this private representation. 

Case 1:17-cv-00616-JGK-SN Document 97 Filed 01/05/18 Page 8 of 8 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on the 5th day of January, 2018, I electronically filed the 
foregoing document with the Clerk of Court by using the CM/ECF system. I also certify that the 
foregoing document is being served to all parties of record via transmission of the Electronic 
Cou1t Filing System generated by CM/ECF. 
Kimo S. Peluso 
Sher Tremonte, LLP 
90Broad Street, 23rd Floor 
New York, NY 10004 
kpel uso@she1trernonte.com 
Counsel.for Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, 
P.C. 
Laura A. Menninger, Esq. 
Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN, P.C. 
150 East 10th Avenue 
Denver, Colorado 80203 
Email: lmenninger@hmflaw.com 
jpagliucaCcv,hmflaw.com 
John E. Stephenson, Jr. 
Jonathan D. Parente 
ALSTON & BIRD LLP 
1201 West Peachtree Street 
Atlanta, GA 30309 
J ohn.stephenson@alston.com 
Jonathan.parente@alston.com 
Alexander S. Lorenzo 
ALSTON & BIRD LLP 
Park A venue 
New York, NY 10016 
alexander. lorenzo@alston.com 
Counsel/or Defendant Sarah Kellen 
Michael Miller 
Justin Y.K Chu 
Michael A. Keough 
STEPTOE & JOHNSON LLP 
1114 A venue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10036 
mmil ler@steptoe.com 
jchu@steptoe.com 
Counsel for Defendants, Jeffrey Epstein and 
Lesley Groff 
Is Sigrid McCawlev 
Sigrid Mccawley 

EXHIBITL 

Ransome v. Epstein, Not Reported in Fed. Supp. (2018) 
2018 WL 637421 
2018 WL 637421 
Only the Westlaw citation is currently available. 
United States District Court, S.D. New York. 
Sarah RANSOME, Plaintiff, 
V. 
Jeffrey EPSTEIN, et al., Defendants. 
17-cv-616 (JGK) 
I 
Signed 01/30/2018 
Attorneys and Law Firms 
Justin Y.K. Chu, Michael Campion Mi ller, Steptoe & 
Johnson, LLP, Alexander Seton Lorenzo, Alston & Bird, LLP, 
New York, NY, Laura A. Menninger, Haddon, Morgan and 
Foreman, P.C., Denver, CO, John E. Stephenson Jr., Alston 
& Bird LLP, Atlanta, GA , for Defendants. 
MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER 
John G. Koeltl, 
nited States District Judge 
1'1 The plaintiff, Sarah Ransome 1 , has moved the Court 
to approve alternative service on the defendant Ghislaine 
Maxwell and to find that service has been effected. The 
plaintiff asserts that, despite diligent measures, she has been 
unable to serve Maxwell personally. The plaintiff argues, 
however, that she has taken reasonable measures to provide 
Maxwell with notice of the pending lawsuit and requests that 
this service should be deemed suffic ient. Non-party Haddon 
Morgan & Foreman, P.C. ("Haddon Morgan'·), Maxwell's 
counsel in another litigation pending in this Court, has refused 
to accept service on behalf of Maxwell and has objected to 
becoming a general agent of process for Maxwell, but has 
taken no position on the plaintiff's application to deem service 
effected through the email efforts that the plaintiff has already 
made. Neither Maxwell nor any representative of Maxwell 
has otherwise opposed the current motion. 
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 4(e)( I) permits a plaintiff 
to serve a defendant by following the procedures set fo1th 
by state law in the state where the district court is located. 
New York Civil Practice Law and Rules Section 308 sets 
fo1t h available methods of service. Where service under 
§§ 308( I), (2), or ( 4)-which generally provide variants of 
personal service-is impracticable, § 308(5) provides that 
the Court may approve alternative service methods. See, 
e. 0 .. 
Rampersad v. Deutsche Bank Sec., Inc., No. 02-
cv-7311 (LTS)(AJP), 2003 WL 21073951 , at * I (S.D.N.Y. 
May 9, 2003). Service under § 308(5) requires a showing of 
impractieabil ity of the other methods of se1v ice, bur does not 
require a showing of due di ligence. Id. 
The plaintiff has taken various steps in an effort to serve 
Maxwell personally-
all to no avail. The plaintiff retained 
a private investigation firm to attempt to determine where 
Maxwell resides, and that firm attempted service at three 
physical addresses potentially associated with Maxwell. The 
plaintiff also emai led the summons and complaint to several 
email addresses that are publicly associated with Maxwell, 
only one of wh ich has been rel"urned as undelivered. The 
plaintiff has also provided a copy of the summons and 
complaint to Haddon Morgan who currently represents 
Maxwell in another litigation pending in this district. 
Under these circumstances, the plaintiff has demonsh·ated 
impracticability, because she has made numerous efforts to 
obtain info rmation about the defendant's current residence 
and general contact information to effectuate personal service 
but has been unable to locate Maxwell. See e.!!:., 
S.E.C. 
v. 
nebe, No. 01-cv-5247 (KMW), 2003 WL 402377, at *3 
(S.D.N.Y. Feb. 21 , 2003) (collecting cases). Accordingly, the 
Court fi nds that the plaintiff has demonstrated that service 
on Maxwell is impracticable and thus grants the motion fo r 
alternative service. 
*2 Further, the steps already taken by the plaintiff to serve 
Maxwell are "reasonably calculated, under the circumstances, 
to appri se [her] of the pendency of the action and afford [her] 
an opportunity to present lhe]r objections," and the Court 
therefore deems service of the summons and complaint lo be 
complete as to defendant Maxwell. See, e.g., Bozza v. Love. 
o. I 5-CV-3271 (LGS), 2015 WL 4039849, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. 
July I, 20 15) (holding that service upon the defendant's 
counsel in an unrelated matter was sufficient); 
Rampersad, 
2003 WL 21073951, at *l. 
Pinal ly, Haddon Morgan's objection to becoming a general 
agent of process fo r Maxwell is un founded. The Court's 
ruling that service by email and personal delivery to Haddon 
Morgan has been reasonably calculated to provide Maxwell 
with noti ce of this lawsuit and an opportunity to respond does 
not turn Haddon Morgan into a general agent for Maxwell. 
Indeed, this order does not even require Haddon Morgan to 
son Reuters No cla m to on tral U S Gove m nt Works 

Ransome v. Epstein, Not Reported in Fed. Supp. (2018) 
2018 WL 637421 
accept service on behalf of Maxwell, but rather finds that 
service on Haddon Morgan is likely to provide notice of the 
lawsuit to Maxwell, given that Haddon Morgan is presumably 
in contact with Maxwel l with regards to theiJ· representation 
of her in the other pending matter. See Bozza, 2015 WL 
4039849, at *2. 
Accordingly, the motion for alternative service is granted. 
The Clerk of Court is directed to close the motion pending 
at Docket Number 97. Defendant Maxwell's time to move 
or answer is twenty-one clays from the date of this order. 
lf Maxwell chooses not to appear, the plaintiff may pursue 
whatever remedies are available, including the entry of a 
default judgment. 
SO ORDERED. 
All Citations 
Not Reported in Fed. Supp., 2018 WL 63 742 1 
· Footnotes 
The Clerk of Court is directed to amend the case caption to name Sarah Ransome as the plaintiff. See Docket 
No. 96. 
End of Document 
© 2020 Thomson Reuter 
No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
WE 
2020 Tho, ,so Reuters No cla1111 to original U S Governmen Wo ks 
'2 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.07.13 Exhibit B.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.07.13 Motion to Intervene.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.07.13 Motion to Intervene.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUP.ERi OR COURT 
OFTHE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
July 13, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
******************************** 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
PLAINTIFF, 
V. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
DEFENDANTS. 
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS' 
MOTION TO INTERVENE 
The Government of the United States Virgin Islands ("Government"), by and through its 
undersigned counsel, hereby moves for an order permitting the Government to intervene in this 
action as of right pursuant to VJ. R. Civ. P. 24(a) or else by leave pursuant to VJ. R. Civ. P. 
24(b ). The Government states in support of its motion as follows. 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
Plaintiff Ghislaine Maxwell ("Maxwell") filed this action seeking indemnification for and 
advancement of expenses incurred by reason of her prior employment relationship with decedent 
Jeffrey E. Epstein and his affiliated businesses "in connection with any threatened, pending, or 
completed suit, proceeding, or investigation relating to Epstein, his affiliated businesses, and his 
alleged victims." Complaint ,r 1. Since the filing of this action, Maxwell has been arrested by 

federal authorities on charges that she assisted, facilitated, and participated in Epstein's sexual 
abuse of underage girls. 
The Government has two distinct but closely related interests that support intervention in 
this action. First, the Government has a pending action in the Virgin Islands against Defendants 
herein-the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, Darren K. Indyke, and Richard D. Kahn-and others 
under the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (CICO), 14 V.I.C. §§ 601 et seq. 
See Ex. A (Gov't of the US. Virgin Islands v. Indyke et al., No. ST-20-CV-14 (First Amended 
Complaint, filed 2/5/20)) ("F AC"). The Government alleges that Defendants committed and 
conspired to commit criminal sex-trafficking and sexual abuse activity. The Government's 
primary interest for intervention is to ensure that the Epstein Estate's assets are not wrongfully 
dissipated by Maxwell's suspect claims for indemnification and "advancement" oflegal 
expenses, and instead are preserved to satisfy the CICO judgment, which seeks forfeiture, 
divestiture, disgorgement, and payment of maximum civil penalties and damages by the Epstein 
Estate. 
Second, the Government also is investigating Maxwell's participation in Epstein's 
criminal sex-trafficking and sexual abuse conduct pursuant to its authority under CICO, 14 
V.I.C. § 612, to investigate reasonably suspected criminal activity. The Government has 
attempted to serve a CICO Subpoena Duces Tecum on Maxwell stating that: 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 612(c), the documentation requested is in reference to an 
ongoing investigation by the Virgin Islands Department of Justice of the rape, 
abuse, exploitation and trafficking of young women and underage girls by Jeffrey 
E. Epstein and his associates in violation of 14 V.I.C. § 133 and 1624, as well as 
other Virgin Islands statutes. 
Ex. B (Government's CICO Subpoena Duces Tecum to Ghislaine Maxwell, dated March 19, 
2020) at 1. Maxwell resisted and evaded service of the subpoena during the three and a half 

months after its issuance. The Government's second intervention interest thus is to ensure that 
Maxwell is compelled to respond to its investigatory subpoena through this action in which she 
is a party and has consented to the Court's jurisdiction. 
The Government's need to intervene is further fueled by Maxwell's inappropriate use of 
the Virgin Islands courts to seek payment and reimbursement from the Epstein criminal 
enterprise, while she circumvents the service of process of Government subpoenas related to her 
involvement in that criminal enterprise. 
Based upon either or both of the Government's interests with respect to all parties in this 
action and for the reasons set forth herein, the Court should grant the Government intervention as 
of right under V.1. R. Civ. P. 24(a) or else by leave under V.1. R. Civ. P. 24(b). 
STATEMENT OF FACTS RELATED TO INTERVENTION 
A. 
Maxwell's Arrest on Federal Criminal Sex-Trafficking Charges Related to 
Her Involvement with Epstein's Conduct. 
On July 2, 2020, federal authorities arrested Ms. Maxwell on six federal criminal charges 
related to her involvement with Epstein's alleged sex-trafficking and sexual abuse conduct. See 
Ex. C (Indictment, United States of America v. Ghislaine Maxwell, No. 20-CR-330 (S.D.N.Y.)). 
Maxwell is charged with Conspiracy to Entice Minors to Engage in Illegal Sex Acts 
(Count One), Enticement of a Minor to Travel to Engage in Illegal Sex Acts (Count Two), 
Conspiracy to Transport Minors with Intent to Engage in Criminal Sexual Activity (Count 
Three), and Transportation of a Minor with Intent to Engage in Criminal Sexual Activity (Count 
Four). Id. All of these charges stem from Maxwell's role "in the sexual exploitation and abuse 
of multiple minor girls by Jeffrey Epstein." Id., 11; see also 12 ("GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
the defendant, and Jeffrey Epstein enticed and caused minor victims to travel to Epstein's 

residences in different states, which MAXWELL knew and intended would result in their 
grooming for and subjection to sexual abuse."). 
Maxwell also is charged with two counts of Perjury for giving false testimony concealing 
the foregoing conduct of both Epstein and herself. See id., Counts Five and Six. 
B. 
The Government's CICO Investigation of Maxwell's Participation in the 
Epstein Enterprise. 
The Government is and has been actively investigating Maxwell's participation in the 
criminal sex-trafficking and sexual abuse conduct of the Epstein Enterprise. See Ex. B 
(Government's CICO Subpoena) (seeking documentation "in reference to an ongoing 
investigation by the Virgin Islands Department of Justice of the rape, abuse, exploitation and 
trafficking of young women and underage girls by Jeffrey E. Epstein and his associates in 
violation of 14 V.I.C. § 133 and 1624, as well as other Virgin Islands statutes"). 
Prior to Maxwell's arrest, the Government made repeated but unsuccessful attempts to 
serve its CICO subpoena on her. On March 24, 2020, the Government served the subpoena on 
Maxwell's counsel in this action, Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. See Ex. D (Certificate of service). 
On April 15, 2020, David J. Cattie, Esq. notified the Government that Ms. Maxwell had 
retained him in regard to the Government's subpoenas. See Ex. E (Cattie to Smith email, 
4/15/20). The subpoena was clearly received by Maxwell, and Attorney Cattie contacted the 
Government on her behalf to negotiate a possible resolution of the subpoena. Given that 
Attorney Cattie nonetheless raised concerns about service on Maxwell, the Government asked 
that Maxwell authorize him to accept service of the subpoena or disclose her whereabouts, so 
that it could serve her personally. See Ex. F ( email from L. Singer to D. Cattie, May 1, 2020). 
On May 12, 2020, almost two months after the Government's initial attempts at service, Mr. 
Cattie responded that he "cannot waive the issue of service of the subpoenas, nor can I disclose 

my client's location to anyone at this time." Ex. G (email from D. Cattie to L. Singer, May 12, 
2020) (emphasis added). 
After Mr. Cattie refused to accept or waive service, the Government -- in good faith --
continued to negotiate for release of the requested documents in lieu of enforcing the CICO 
Subpoena. See Ex. H (Email from L. Singer to D. Cattie, May 28, 2020). Those negotiations 
also failed, and the Government attempted service of a second CICO Subpoena on Ms. 
Maxwell's counsel on June 11, 2020. See Ex. I (second subpoena). 1 Mr. Cattie once more stated 
that he was not "authorized" to accept service on her behalf. Ex. J (Email from D. Cattie to L. 
Singer, June 17, 2020). And again, Mr. Cattie did not offer to provide Maxwell's location to 
allow the Government to effectuate service. Id. To date, Maxwell has not acknowledged or 
responded to either of the Government's CICO Subpoenas. 
After Epstein's most recent arrest on July 8, 2019 and his death in prison on August 10, 
2019, see Complaint, ,r 23, and before her own arrest on July 2, 2020, Maxwell was in hiding. 
Numerous media outlets reported on her unknown whereabouts, including The Sun, the 
Washington Examiner, Vanity Fair, BBC, CNN, CNBC, the Telegraph, The Guardian, and Page 
Six.2 At the same time, her counsel was actively litigating in other Courts to keep shielded from 
public view thousands of pages of court records that would expose her involvement and 
The second CICO Subpoena, see Ex. I, is identical to the first one served on March 24, 2020. 
See, e.g., https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2019/11/hunt-for-jeffrey-epstein-alleged-enabler-ghislaine-maxwell; 
https ://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019 /nov/ 18/ghislaine-maxwell-prince-andrew-friend-jeffrey-epstein-
controversy-hiding; https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/ dee/ 12/ she-was-so-dangerous-where-in-the-world-
is-the-notorious-ghislaine-maxwell; https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-50927651; 
https://edition.cnn.com/2019/12/08/uk/who-is-ghislaine-maxwell-jeffrey-epstein-intl-gbr/index.html; 
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/08/14/ghislaine-maxwell-location-unknown-jeffrey-epstein-accusers-eye-her.html; 
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/fbi-investigating-jeffrey-epstein-facilitator-ghislaine-maxwell; 
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/royal-family/2019/11/20/prince-andrew-met-ghislaine-maxwell-two-weeks-
prosecutors-announced/; https:/ /pagesix.com/2020/01 / I I/ ghislaine-maxwell-flies-under-the-radar-while-lawyering-
up-for-epstein-lawsuit/. 

participation in Epstein's heinous crimes. See, e.g. , Giuffre v. Maxwell, 15-cv-7433-LAP 
(S.D.N.Y.). 
Maxwell also was actively litigating this action with counsel appearing on her behalf. 
See, e.g., Joint Motion to Stay proceedings, filed June 2, 2020 in Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. 
Epstein, et al Case No.: ST-20-CV-15, in the Superior Court of the United States Virgin Islands. 
Even before Epstein's 2019 arrest and death, locating and serving Maxwell was 
impracticable. In 2017, Sarah Ransome, a victim suing Maxwell in yet another matter related to 
Maxwell's participation in Epstein's sex trafficking scheme, attempted to serve Maxwell in a 
number of ways, including by providing Maxwell's attorneys at Haddon Morgan a copy of the 
summons and complaint, emailing a copy of the summons and complaint to gmax@ellmax.com, 
and attempting to effectuate service at three locations associated with Maxwell in New York and 
New Jersey. See Ex. K (Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein, et al., 17 Civ. 00616-JGK (S.D.N.Y.), ECF No. 
97) at 2-3. 
Despite those attempts, Ransome was unable to personally serve Maxwell and filed a 
motion asking the court to approve alternative service. Id. On January 30, 2018, the Honorable 
John G. Koeltl of the Southern District of New York held that Ransome had demonstrated that 
serving Maxwell was impracticable under New York law and that providing copies of the 
summons and complaint to her counsel, was reasonably calculated to provide Maxwell with 
notice of the lawsuit given that they were presumably in contact with Maxwell. See Ex. L 
(Ransome v. Epstein, No. 17-CV-616 (JGK), 2018 WL 637421 , at *1 (S.D.N.Y. Jan. 30, 2018)). 
Maxwell thus has engaged in repeated instances of avoiding service of the type that the 
Government has encountered in its CICO investigation of her alleged criminal sex-trafficking 
conduct that also is at issue in this coverage action filed by none other than Maxwell herself. 

C. 
The Government's CICO Acton Against Defendants the Epstein Estate, 
Indyke, and Kahn, and Others. 
The Government alleges in its CICO action against Defendants herein-the Epstein 
Estate, Indyke, and Kahn-that Epstein was a resident of the Virgin Islands and maintained a 
residence on Little St. James Island, which he owned, from 1998 until his death in prison in 
2019. Ex. A (FAC) ,r 5. In 2016, Mr. Epstein purchased a second island-Great St. James. Id. 
By this time, he was a registered sex offender, having been convicted in Florida of procuring a 
minor for prostitution. Id., ,r 6. 
The Government alleges that Epstein for decades· conducted an enterprise (the "Epstein 
Enterprise") whereby he used his web of businesses in the Virgin Islands to transport female 
victims, many of them children, to his privately-owned Little St. James Island, where they were 
sexually abused, injured, and held captive. Id., ,r,r 40-41. Flight logs show that between 2001 
and 2019, Defendants transported girls and young women to the Virgin Islands and then 
helicoptered them to Little St. James. Id., ,r 46. Air traffic controller reports state that some 
victims appeared to be as young as 11 years old. Id., ,r 51. Epstein and his associates lured these 
girls and young women to his island with promises of modeling and other career opportunities. 
Id., ,r 49. Once they arrived, they were sexually abused, exploited, and held captive. Id. 
Epstein's privately-owned islands in the Virgin Islands were essential to the sex-
trafficking enterprise. Little St. James is a secluded, private island, nearly two miles off-shore 
from St. Thomas with no other residents. Id., ,r 66. It is accessible only by private boat or 
helicopter, with no public or commercial transportation servicing the island. Id. When two of 
the victims, one age 15, attempted to escape from Little St. James, Epstein was able to organize 
search parties, locate them, return them to his house, and then confiscate the 15-year old girl's 
passport to hinder her ability to escape again. Id., ,r,r 57-58. 

The Government alleges that Epstein and the CICO Defendants violated CICO by 
committing and conspiring to commit criminal human trafficking offenses based upon the 
foregoing conduct. See id., ,r,r 115-170 (Counts I-VIII). The Government further alleges that 
they violated CICO by committing and conspiring to commit various child-abuse, neglect, rape, 
unlawful-sexual-contact, prostitution, and sex-offender-registry-related offenses based upon the 
foregoing sexual-abuse conduct. See id., ,r,r 171-258 (Counts IX-XIX). The Government also 
alleges that Defendants engaged in a civil conspiracy to conceal the unlawful sexual abuse 
alleged. See id., ,r,r 281-287 (Count XXII). 
The Government is seeking civil penalties for each violation of law, treble damages, and 
compensatory and punitive damages for civil conspiracy. Id., Prayer for Relief,r,r J-L, 0. The 
Government also seeks equitable relief, including but not limited to disgorgement of all ill-gotten 
gains, as warranted pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 608(c)(4), to protect the rights of victims and 
innocent persons in the interest of justice and consistent with CICO's purposes. Id., Prayer for 
Relief,r,r N, P. The Government further seeks forfeiture and divestiture in favor of the 
Government as to all CIC Defendants' interests in any real and personal property in the Virgin 
Islands used to facilitate or further the goals of the criminal Epstein Enterprise, including but not 
limited to Little St. James and Great St. James Islands, and in any proceeds or funds obtained by 
them during the course of the criminal Epstein Enterprise. Id., Prayer for Relief,r,r D-F. 
ARGUMENT 
A. 
Legal Standards 
The Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure provide for a person to intervene as of right 
in a pending action as follows: 
On timely motion, the court must permit anyone to intervene who: 

(2) claims an interest relating to the property or transaction that is the subject of 
the action, and is so situated that disposing of the action may as a practical matter 
impair or impede the movant's ability to protect its interest, unless existing parties 
adequately represent that interest. 
V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(a)(2). 
The civil rules also provide for a person to intervene by permission of the court in a 
pending action as follows: 
On timely motion, the court may permit anyone to intervene who: 
(B) has a claim or defense that shares with the main action a common question of 
law or fact. 
V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(b)(l)(B). 
"The purpose of the rule governing intervention is to enable one not named as a party 
who has a direct, substantial, and legally protectable interest in the subject matter of the litigation 
to protect himself from an action that might be detrimental to him." Hendricks v. Clyne, No. ST-
16-cv-147, 2019 WL 918607, at *1 (V.I. Super. Ct. Feb. 20, 2019). 
B. 
The Government Satisfies Rule 24(a)'s Requirements to Intervene of Right. 
A party seeking to intervene as of right must establish three elements: "(1) a sufficient 
interest in the subject matter of the pending litigation, (2) a substantial risk that the disposition of 
the litigation will impair the interest, and (3) the existing parties do not adequately protect that 
interest." Id. The Government satisfies all of these requirements. 
1. 
The Government Has Sufficient Interests in the Subiect Matter of this 
Action. 
The Government has two distinct but related interests in the subject matter of this action--
Maxwell's claim against the Epstein Estate for indemnification and "advancement" of legal 

expenses for any suit involving her relationship with Epstein and his affiliated businesses. 
Complaint ,I 1; see also id., ,I,I 17-19 (Epstein indemnified and advanced Maxwell's costs for 
suits and investigations "relating to Epstein, his affiliated businesses, and his alleged victims."). 
Either or both of the Government's interests is sufficient for its intervention as of right. 
First, the Government has an interest as a litigant against Defendants to ensure that the 
Epstein Estate's assets are preserved to satisfy the judgment it seeks on its CICO claims. The 
Government is seeking an order requiring forfeiture, divestiture, disgorgement, and payment of 
maximum civil penalties and damages. See Ex. B (CICO FAC), Prayer for Relief,I,I D-P. 
Maxwell's claims in this action threaten the Government's litigation interests by seeking to 
wrongfully dissipate the Epstein Estate's assets on a joint tortfeasor's undocumented and 
otherwise suspect claim of entitlement to indemnification and "advancement" of legal expenses 
for criminal or civil actions addressing her involvement in Epstein's sex-trafficking and sexual 
abuse conduct. 
Numerous federal courts applying the identically worded Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(a) have held 
that a tort claimant has a sufficiently developed interest to intervene as of right in a coverage-
related action involving the tort defendant. In Teague v. Bakker, 931 F .2d 249 ( 4th Cir. 1991 ), 
the appeals court reversed denial of intervention as of right by class action plaintiffs in a separate 
declaratory judgment action by the insurer of the class action defendant seeking to disavow 
coverage. See id. at 260. The appeals court addressed the proposed intervenors' interest, which 
was contingent since they had not obtained a judgment at the time their intervention was denied, 
and, after weighing the relevant arguments, held that "the Teague Intervenors stand to gain or 
lose by the direct legal operation of the district court judgment on [the insurer's] complaint" and 
that this "interest in the subject matter of this litigation is a significantly protectable interest." 

Id.; see also Security Ins. Co. v. Schipporeit, Inc., 69 F.3d 1377, 1381 (7th Cir. 1995) (permitting 
tort claimant to intervene in insurer's declaratory judgment action against tort defendant). 
Based on the Fourth Circuit's Teague decision, a federal district court permitted sex-
abuse tort claimants to intervene in an action brought by the tort defendant seeking a declaration 
as to coverage by an insurer. See Harrison v. Fireman's Fund Ins. Co., No. 11-1258, 2011 WL 
3241452, at *1 (D. Md. July 28, 2011). Following Teague, the court held that the sex-abuse tort 
claimants had a sufficiently protected interest to intervene as of right." See id. at *2 ("Plainly, it 
is of great importance to the tort plaintiffs to persuade this Court that Fire[man]'s Fund is 
obligated to indemnify Harrison. If this Court ultimately determines that Fireman's Fund is not 
required to indemnify Harrison, the Does will only be able to satisfy any judgment they obtain 
against Harrison from his assets, rather than from the resources of the insurer."). 
The only difference between the Government's position here and the tort claimant 
intervenors' positions in Teague and Harrison is that here the CICO Defendants are in the role of 
potential insurer. In Maxwell's suit against the Epstein estate, the Estate's assets are similar to 
those of an insurer, as both the Government and Maxwell are seeking recovery from the same 
Estate proceeds, which Maxwell is attempting to use as insurance. Thus, the Government's 
interest in ensuring the availability of funds to satisfy its own judgment would be threatened here 
not by the denial of coverage (as in Teague), but by the provision of coverage using the Estate's 
assets to indemnify Maxwell. But this is a distinction without a difference, as the interest itself is 
the same-ensuring the availability of Estate funds to satisfy the Government's potential 

judgment against a possible co-conspirator in the CICO enterprise. This interest by itself 
supports intervention. 3 
Second, the Government also has an interest as a potential litigant authorized by statute to 
investigate Maxwell's involvement in the same criminal sex-trafficking and sexual abuse 
conduct that is the subject of the CICO action against the Epstein Estate, Indyke, and Kahn. 
Under CICO, "[w]henever any person is reasonably suspected to have engaged in ... any 
conduct constituting a violation of any of the provisions of [14 V.I.C. § 605] the Attorney 
General may, in [her] discretion, conduct an investigation of the conduct." 14 V.I.C. § 612(a). 
The Attorney General is expressly authorized "before the commencement of and during any civil 
or criminal proceeding or action under this chapter to subpoena witnesses ... or to require the 
production of any books, documents, records, writings, recordings or tangible things ... relevant 
or material to the investigation .... " Id. 
Pursuant to this express statutory authority, the Attorney General is and has been 
investigating Maxwell's involvement with Epstein's criminal sex-trafficking and sexual abuse 
conduct in anticipation of a potential action against her. See Ex. B (CICO Subpoena) (describing 
investigation of "the rape, abuse, exploitation and trafficking of young women and underage 
girls by Jeffrey E. Epstein and his associates"); see also 14 V.I.C. § 612(a) ("The Attorney 
General is authorized before the commencement of and during any civil or criminal proceeding 
or action under this chapter to subpoena witnesses ... or to require the production of any ... 
documents .. . relevant or material to the investigation .... "). Thus, to the extent the 
Although the Government at present has Criminal Activity Liens on certain Estate Assets pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 
610, limitations on the scope of pre-trial restraints mean that the Liens do not and cannot ensure the availability of 
sufficient funds to satisfy a judgment. 

Government may intervene as of right to assert its interest in its statutory enforcement action, it 
also may do so to assert its statutory investigative interest related to much the same conduct. 
In sum, the Government has both active litigation interests and statutorily authorized 
investigatory interests with respect to the parties on both sides of this action. Either or both of 
these interests in the conduct and outcome of this action is sufficient for the Government to 
intervene ofright under Rule 24(a). 
2. The Government's Interests Will Be Impaired Absent Intervention. 
There is considerable risk bordering on near certainty that the disposition of this action 
will impair the Government's litigation and/or investigatory interests if the Court denies 
intervention. In Teague, supra, the Fourth Circuit held that the tort-claimant intervenors 
demonstrated impairment of their interest based upon the possibility of the tort defendant's loss 
of coverage. See 931 F.2d at 261 ("We also find that the Teague Intervenors' ability to protect 
their interest would be impaired or impeded by disposition of ERC's action" as they would have 
to satisfy their judgment from other assets of the insureds and the existence and amount of such 
assets are questionable."). 
Here, there is far greater likelihood that the Government's interests will be impaired if it 
is denied intervention. As to its litigation interest, if Maxwell succeeds on her undocumented 
and otherwise suspect claim against the Epstein Estate for indemnification and "advancement" of 
legal expenses, this will diminish the Estate's available funds to satisfy the judgment the 
Government seeks against it in the CICO action. This potential impairment due to a loss of 
funds available to the tort defendant is identical to that found by the U.S. Court of Appeals to 
support intervention as of right in Teague. 

As to its separate but related investigatory interest against Maxwell, the Government has 
demonstrated that she repeatedly and deliberately evaded service of its CICO subpoena prior to 
her arrest. See supra, Preliminary Statement and Factual Background§ B. She also has resisted 
service in other civil actions brought by Epstein's and her victims. By virtue of her lawsuit, 
Maxwell has already subjected herself to the jurisdiction of this Court. It would be supremely 
inequitable to allow Maxwell to make use of the courts of the Virgin Islands to assert her 
affirmative claims for indemnification for her involvement in the Epstein criminal enterprise, and 
yet still avoid complying with a lawful subpoena authorized by the laws of the Virgin Islands as 
part of an investigation into this very criminal conduct. If the Government cannot intervene in 
this action that she initiated, Maxwell may refuse to comply with the Government's subpoena, 
yet still proceed in her separate action and leave the Government with little to no recourse. As a 
result, the Government's investigatory and enforcement interests will be irreparably impaired. 
For either or both of these reasons, the Court should find that the Government's interests 
will likely be impaired if intervention is denied, and for this reason too the Government may 
intervene of right under Rule 24(a). 
3. 
The Epstein Estate Cannot Adequately Represent the Government's 
Interests. 
Finally, there is no serious question but that the Government's enforcement and 
investigatory interests under CICO are not adequately represented by the current parties to this 
case- Ghislaine Maxwell, the Epstein Estate, and its Co-Executors. 
The Epstein Estate and its Co-Executors are defendants in the Government's existing 
CICO action involving Epstein's and his associates' criminal sex-trafficking and sexual abuse 
conduct, and show no inclination to be anything but adversarial to the Government's interests. 
They are refusing to comply with discovery, and even are seeking to prevent the Government 

from issuing subpoenas to key fact witnesses, such as the house managers for Little St. James, 
where Epstein (and likely Maxwell) sexually abused girls and women in the Virgin Islands. See 
Gov't of the US. Virgin Islands v. Indyke et al., No. ST-20-CV-14, Co-Executors' Opp. to 
Government's Motions for Issuance of Letters Rogatory (filed 6/17/20). 
Although the Epstein Estate nominally has an interest in preserving its own funds as 
against Maxwell's claim for indemnification, Maxwell's evident involvement in Epstein's 
alleged criminal conduct makes her a critical fact witness with whom the Estate is very likely to 
try to cooperate. Cf Teague, 931 F.2d at 262 ("[T]here is a significant chance that [the tort 
defendants] might be less vigorous than the Teague Intervenors in defending their claim to be 
insureds under the ERC policy."). That Maxwell and the Epstein Estate are not truly adversarial 
is demonstrated by the fact that they jointly moved to stay the Estate's pending motion to dismiss 
until a date when its primary grounds for dismissal (the one-year time bar from the granting of 
letters of administration under 15 V.I.C. § 606(a)) will no longer apply. See Joint Motion to Stay 
Proceedings (filed 6/1/20). 
Maxwell likewise has evaded and refused to accept service of the Government's CICO 
subpoena for months before she was arrested by federal authorities on charges identical to those 
under investigation. She therefore is demonstrably adverse to the Government with respect to 
both the availability of the Epstein Estate's funds and conduct of the Government's investigation. 
The Government therefore has no potential ally in this action between likely tortfeasors 
as to its interests in both uncovering and obtaining redress for the criminal conduct of Epstein, 
Maxwell, and/or their associates. The conduct of both parties-Maxwell and the Epstein 
Estate-demonstrates clearly that both have a far stronger interest in obstructing the 
Government's investigation and enforcement than they do in any claims as between themselves. 

For all of these reasons, the Court should grant the Government intervention as of right 
under Rule 24(a). 
C. 
The Government Also Satisfies Rule 24(b)'s Requirements for Permissive 
Intervention. 
"Rule 24(b) applies a substantially more relaxed standard for permissive intervention, 
since the proposed intervenor need not demonstrate the sort of interest required for intervention 
as of right." Meyers v. George, No. ST-12-cv-394, 2017 WL 10636962, at *3 (V.I. Super. Ct. 
April 24, 2017). The proposed intervenor need only demonstrate that the proposed intervention 
is timely and that the intervenor's claim shares a common question of law or fact with the claims 
already in the case. See, e.g., Hendricks, supra, 2019 WL 918607, at *I. The Government 
readily satisfies both of these requirements. 
First, the Government's motion to intervene is timely. The Court assesses timeliness 
based on the length of delay in seeking intervention, the prejudicial impact of delay on existing 
parties, prejudice to the would-be intervenor if intervention is denied, and other factors affecting 
fairness. Id. Here, all of these factors favor permitting the Government to intervene. Maxwell 
filed this action less than four months ago, on March 12, 2020. During this time, Defendants 
have not yet answered the Complaint. Instead, they filed a motion to dismiss and shortly 
thereafter, in lieu of Maxwell opposing the Estate's motion, the Estate and Maxwell moved 
jointly to stay the action until September 7, 2020. See Joint Motion to Stay Proceedings (filed 
6/1/20). The Government's intervention thus will not disrupt or slow down active litigation. 
By contrast, denial of intervention would be highly prejudicial to the Government for the 
reasons discussed above. First, the Government's CICO claims against Defendants, its potential 
claims against Maxwell, and Maxwell's claims against the Defendants all present a common 
question oflaw or fact-Who is liable to pay a judgment on the Government's CICO claims 

against Defendants and/or Maxwell for their involvement in or connection to the rape, abuse, 
exploitation, and trafficking of young women and underage girls by Epstein and his associates? 
In Security Ins. Co., supra, the Seventh Circuit addressed federal Rule 24(b)'s identical 
requirement that there be a "common question of law or fact," and found that it was "clearly met 
in this case" involving intervention by a tort claimant in the tort defendant's coverage action. 
See 69 F.3d 1381; cf also Nationwide Mut. Ins. Co. v. Nat'/ REO Mgmt., Inc., 205 F.R.D. 1, 6 
(D.D.C. 2000) ("Thus, while the insurance contract may not be an issue in the underlying case in 
Superior Court, the factual similarities between the two cases are enough to establish a common 
question of fact. Specifically, both the present case and the underlying case arise from alleged 
carbon monoxide emissions from a furnace in the defendant's building that began on February 
23, 1995. In addition, neither case can be decided without determining the source of the 
applicant's injuries. Accordingly, for purposes of Rule 24(b), the court finds a common question 
of fact in the present lawsuit and the underlying lawsuit in Superior Court."). 
Second, if Maxwell succeeds on her undocumented and suspect claims for 
indemnification by the Epstein Estate, that will threaten the availability of Estate funds to satisfy 
the Government's potential judgment in its CICO action. Second, since Maxwell has repeatedly 
and deliberately evaded service of the Government's investigatory subpoena during the past four 
months, as she has resisted service in other civil actions brought by Epstein's and her victims, 
this action is her only known connection to the Virgin Islands through which the Government 
can enforce its investigatory subpoena against her. Denial of intervention therefore would also 
harm the Government's investigatory and enforcement interests. For each of these reasons, the 
Court should hold that the Government's motion is timely filed. 

Since the Government's motion is timely and its actual and potential CICO claims 
concerning Epstein's sex-trafficking enterprise and Maxwell's involvement in it present common 
questions of law and/or fact to those presented in this action for coverage as to those claims, the 
Court should grant the Government's motion to intervene and deem its CICO subpoena attached 
as Exhibit B to be served on Maxwell. This will allow the Government both to ensure its interest 
in preventing the dissipation of the Epstein Estate's assets and to enforce its subpoena and pursue 
potential and as appropriate independent claims against Maxwell. For either or both of these 
reasons, the Government may intervene by leave pursuant to Rule 24(b ). 
CONCLUSION 
For all of the reasons set forth, the Government's Motion to Intervene in this action 
should be granted. 
Dated: July 10, 2020 
Respectfully submitted, 
DENISE N. GEORGE, ESQUIRE 
ATTORNEY GENERAL 
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
By: 
s/Ariel M Smith 
ARIEL M. SMITH, ESQUIRE 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Email: ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov 
(340) 774-5666 ext. 10155 

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
IT IS HEREBY CERTIFIED that the foregoing Motion to Intervene complies with the 
word and page requirements ofV.I.R. Civ. P. 6-l(e) and a true and correct copy of the Motion 
was served via regular mail, postage prepaid, with a courtesy copy sent by email to counsel of 
record on July 10, 2020 to: 
KYLER. WALDNER, ESQ. 
QUINTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
E-mail: kwaldner@qpwblaw.com 
DAVID CATTIE, ESQ. 
THE CA TTIE LAW FIRM, P .C. 
1710 Kongens Gade 
St. Thomas, V.I., 00802 
e-mail: david.cattie@cattie-law.com 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
ANDREW W. HEYMANN, ESQ., 
WILLIAM BLUM, ESQ. 
SHARI D' ANDRADE, ESQ. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.1. 00802-3602 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
aheymann@solblum.com 
wblum@solblum.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
mwhalen@kellfer.com 
ANDREW TOMBACK 
McLaughlin & Stem, LLP 
260 Madison A venue 
New York, New York 10016 
United States 
Email: A Tomback@mclaughlinstem.com 
DANIEL WEINER 
MARC A. WEINSTEIN 
HUGHES HUBBARD & REID, LLP 
One Battery Park Plaza 

New York, NY 10004-1482 
United States 
Email: daniel.weiner@hugheshubbard.com 
mare. weinstein@hugheshubbard.com 
By: 
s/Ariel M. Smith 
ARIEL M. SMITH, ESQUIRE 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Email: ariel .srnith@doj.vi .gov 
(340) 774-5666 ext. 10155 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.07.13 Motion to Intervene.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.07.30 Stipulation For Extension of Time.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.07.30 Stipulation For Extension of Time.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff,  
vs. 
ESTATE 
OF 
JEFFREY 
E. 
EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his 
capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE 
OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
________________________________________ 
STIPULATION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME 
IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED TO, by and between Plaintiff 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL (“Plaintiff”) and proposed Intervenor, the GOVERNMENT OF THE 
UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS (the “Government”), by and through their respective 
undersigned attorneys, that Plaintiff shall have up to and including Monday, August 17, 2020 to 
respond to the Government’s Motion to Intervene in the above-captioned action. 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OFTHE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
July 30, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 2 of 3 
Dated: July 30, 2020  
QUINTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A.  
Attorneys for Plaintiff  
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
T: (340) 693-0230 
F: (340) 693-0300  
By:  
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com       
V.I. Bar No.:  1038 
DENISE N. GEORGE, ESQ.  
ATTORNEY GENERAL  
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
Proposed Intervenor 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
T: (340) 774-5666 
By:  
/s/ Ariel M. Smith 
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov    
V.I. Bar No.:  _______ 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 3 of 3 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing was served via email 
and U.S. Mail this 30th day of July, 2020 to:   
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
ckroblin@kellfer.com    
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. 
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
Office of the Attorney General  
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov  
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
 kwaldner@qpwblaw.com        
 V.I. Bar No.: 1038 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.07.30 Stipulation For Extension of Time.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.08.03 Notice of Entry of (2) Orders.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.08.03 Notice of Entry of (2) Orders.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OF TUE YIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
August 03, 2020 
T MARA CHARLES 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
District of St. Thomas/St. John 
CLERK OF THE COURT----------------------------
GHISLAINE MAXWEll, 
Plaintiff 
v. 
Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155 
Action: Debt 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN et al, 
Defendant. 
NOTICE of ENTRY 
of 
(2)0RDERS 
To: KYLE R. WALDNER, ESQ 
DENISE GEORGE,ESQ. 
Please take notice that on 
a(n) 
(2)0RDERS 
----------------------
date d 
AUGUST 3, 2020 
was/were entered 
by the Clerk in the above-titled matter. 
Dated: August 03, 2020 
By: 
Tamara Charles 
Clerk of the Court 
Donna Donovan 
Court Clerk Supervisor 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.08.03 Notice of Entry of (2) Orders.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.09.08.001 Opposition.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.09.08.001 Opposition.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff,  
vs. 
ESTATE 
OF 
JEFFREY 
E. 
EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his 
capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE 
OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
________________________________________ 
PLAINTIFF’S OPPOSITION TO MOTION TO INTERVENE  
Plaintiff GHISLAINE MAXWELL (“Plaintiff”), by counsel, pursuant to V.I.R.Civ.P. 24, 
hereby opposes the Motion to Intervene1 (the “Motion  to Intervene”) filed by nonparty, the 
Government of the United States Virgin Islands (the “Government”). 
I. 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT   
The Motion to Intervene must be denied because it is procedurally defective and the 
Government has no sufficient basis to intervene in this case. The Government seeks to intervene 
for two reasons. First, it vaguely seeks to “ensure that the Epstein Estate’s assets are not 
wrongfully dissipated,” without articulating how it proposes to do so. GVI Mtn. at 2. Second, it 
asks this Court to enforce its unserved criminal CICO Subpoenas to Plaintiff and, more 
generally, to investigate Plaintiff in order to establish a predicate for future criminal charges 
The Government Motion to Intervene is cited herein by page number as “GVI Mtn.”  
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OFTHE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
September 08, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 2 of 20 
against her. GVI Mtn. at 2-3. These grounds are meritless and do not provide a sufficient basis to 
intervene in this case. 
First, the Government failed to comply with Rule 24(c)’s requirement that its motion be 
accompanied “by a pleading that sets out the claim or defense for which intervention is sought.” 
V.I.R.Civ.P. 24(c) (emphasis added). This failure alone disposes of the Government’s motion.  
Even on its merits, the Government’s motion is fatally flawed. The Government’s 
contingent claim to the “Epstein Estate’s assets” is not a sufficient interest for intervention. The 
Government ignores law from this jurisdiction that an interest contingent upon a favorable 
judgment in an underlying suit is insufficient to sustain intervention of right under Rule 24. Even 
if it were, such interest would not practically be impaired here since the Government has filed 
Criminal Activity Liens covering the Estate’s assets.2 
Next, the Government’s extraordinary and unprecedented request that it be allowed to 
commandeer this civil case to function as an arm of its criminal investigation of Plaintiff and lay 
the predicate for future criminal charges against her is flatly contrary to law and cannot justify 
intervention.. Intervention is not appropriate where the party seeking to intervene has other 
means to protect its interests. The Government, of course, is no ordinary would-be intervenor in 
a civil action between private parties. Here, the Government has a number of investigatory tools 
In making its argument that intervention is necessary to prevent the dissipation of Estate 
assets, the Government repeatedly disparages Plaintiff’s claim for indemnification as 
“undocumented and otherwise suspect.”  GVI Mtn. at 10, 13.  The Government is in no place to 
assess the merits of Plaintiff’s claims, nor is such an inquiry appropriate under Rule 24.  
Moreover, we note that certain of the Government’s own claims in its Motion to Intervene and 
CICO complaint against the Estate seem ripped from the tabloid headlines from dubious sources 
like The Sun and Page Six, rather than being based on verified facts. See, e.g., GVI Mtn. at 5 
(citing, inter alia, The Sun and Page Six to support the suggestion that Plaintiff “has engaged in 
repeated instances of avoiding service”).  

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 3 of 20 
at its disposal to obtain any information it deems necessary, including the power to issue CICO 
subpoenas (which it has done) and compel compliance (which it has not attempted to do). The 
Government should not be allowed to bypass this process by intruding into this civil action so 
that it can use this Court to help enforce its criminal subpoenas, which have nothing whatsoever 
to do with the simple contract dispute over indemnification at issue in this case. The Government 
should likewise not be allowed to act beyond its already considerable statutory authority. The 
appropriate scope and manner of the Government’s criminal investigation of a private, non-
resident of the Virgin Islands is not a matter for this Court; rather, it a question that should be 
addressed by the courts having proper jurisdiction over the criminal investigation. 
In sum, the Government’s purported interests do not fit anywhere in this case. Instead, it 
should continue to use the broad statutory powers it already has to protect its alleged interests.  
The Court should therefore deny the Government’s motion with prejudice. 
II. 
ARGUMENT 
A. 
The Motion is Procedurally Defective Because the Government Failed to File 
a Proposed Pleading in Intervention in Compliance With Rule 24(c) 
Rule 24(c) requires that a motion to intervene “must state the grounds for intervention 
and be accompanied by a pleading that sets out the claim or defense for which intervention is 
sought.” V.I..R.Civ.P. 24(c) (emphasis added).3 This identical provision under the federal rules is 
intended to ensure that parties receive advance notice of the claims that an intervenor plans to set 
forth if intervention is permitted. SEC v. Investors Sec. Leasing Corp., 610 F.2d 175, 178 (3d 
Cir. 1979).  
The Reporter’s Note to the rule restates the mandatory nature of this requirement. See 
Reporter’s Note to V.I.R.Civ.P. 24 (“[T]he intervention application must attach a copy of the 
pleading which the proposed intervening party would present.”) 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 4 of 20 
The Court may deny a motion to intervene that is not accompanied by a proposed 
pleading in intervention. See, e.g., id. at 178 (“Because the requirements of [R]ule 24(c) were not 
complied with, the owners were not proper parties in the district court.”); JLS Equities LLC v. 
River Funding, LLC, 2020 WL 1503403, at *1–2 (D.N.J. Jan. 2, 2020) (“Affinity’s motion to 
intervene is [denied without prejudice] to refiling with a proposed pleading setting forth the 
claim or defense for which intervention is sought”); Aetna Inc. v. Insys Therapeutics, Inc., 330 
F.R.D. 427, 431–32 (E.D. Pa. 2019); Montanez v. Beard, No. 04-2569, 2015 WL 2451770, at *4 
(M.D. Pa. May 21, 2015); Surety Adm'rs, Inc. v. Samara, No. 04-5177, 2006 WL 891430, at *3 
(E.D. Pa. June 20, 2006); Sch. Dist. of Phila. v. Pa. Milk Mktg. Bd., 160 F.R.D. 66, 67 (E.D. Pa. 
1995); Hecker v. Wierzba Insulation LLC, No. 12-CV-682-WMC, 2013 WL 12234527, at *1 
(W.D. Wis. Mar. 20, 2013) (“Since Rural Mutual failed to file a proposed pleading with its 
motion, the court will deny Rural Mutual’s motion to intervene without prejudice to refiling.”); 
Kubiak v. Meltzer, 2013 WL 1114203, at *2 (N.D. Ill. Mar. 15, 2013) (“Because Mr. Leventhal 
fails to attach a proposed pleading, his motion to intervene is denied.”); State Farm Mut. Auto. 
Ins. Co. v. Tara Follese, Charles Case, 2010 WL 11646738, at *2 (D. Minn. May 7, 2010).   
Here, the Government’s failure to provide its proposed complaint in intervention requires 
the Court to deny its motion. As further explained below, this is no harmless error. The 
Government’s Motion to Intervene itself does not adequately provide notice to Plaintiff of the 
precise nature of its claims. Without a proposed pleading, Plaintiff cannot discern whether the 
Government has a “sufficient interest in the litigation” that “may be affected or impaired, as a 
practical matter by the disposition of the action” as required for intervention under Rule 24(a), 
and cannot discern whether the Government “has a claim or defense that shares with the main 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 5 of 20 
action a common question or law or fact” as required for permissive intervention under Rule 
24(b)(1)(B). Specifically, it is not clear to Plaintiff how the Government’s purported interests 
would be integrated into this litigation, how it proposes to “ensure that the Epstein Estate’s assets 
are not wrongfully dissipated,” how it proposes to advance its so-called “investigatory interests” 
in the context of this civil case, or what ultimate relief it purports to seek from this Court. Since 
the Government has not sufficiently provided notice to the existing parties of the basis and nature 
of its claims in this Court, its motion to intervene must be denied.4 
B. 
The Government Fails to Satisfy Rule 24’s Requirements for Intervention of 
Right  
i. 
The Government cannot demonstrate a cognizable interest that would 
be impaired absent its intervention as required by Rule 24(a)(2) 
The Government did not file a proposed pleading in intervention under Rule 24(c) 
because it cannot – it has no protectable interest in this case. Rule 24(a) requires the “claim or 
defense” to relate to an interest “relating to the property or transaction that is the subject of the 
action” and that it “is so situated that disposing of the action may as a practical matter impair or 
impede [the Government’s] ability to protect its interest.” V.I.R.Civ.P. 24(a)(2). The 
Government here suggests that intervention “will allow [it] both to ensure its interest in 
preventing the dissipation of the Epstein Estate’s assets and to enforce its subpoena and pursue 
potential and as appropriate independent claims against Maxwell.” GVI Mtn. at 18 (emphasis 
Should this Court require the Government to comply with Rule 24(c) to file a proposed 
complaint in intervention, Plaintiff asks that she be afforded a further opportunity to address the 
Government’s Motion to Intervene after reviewing the proposed pleading, and hereby reserves 
the right to do so. As stated herein, Plaintiff is not able to fully address the Government’s 
arguments since the Government has not yet provided a proposed complaint stating its precise 
claims and prayer for relief.  

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 6 of 20 
added). The Government thus concedes that any potential “claims” it may have at this point are 
purely speculative. In short, the Government effectively concedes it has no protectable interest 
within the meaning of Rule 24(a)(2) by failing to proffer a proposed pleading as required by Rule 
24(c). 
Nevertheless, in its brief, the Government vaguely identifies two distinct “interests” that 
form the basis of its Motion to Intervene:  
- 
First, the Government suggests that its “primary interest for intervention is to 
ensure that the Epstein Estate's assets are not wrongfully dissipated by 
Maxwell's suspect claims for indemnification and ‘advancement’ of legal 
expenses, and instead are preserved to satisfy the CICO judgment, which 
seeks forfeiture, divestiture, disgorgement, and payment of maximum civil 
penalties and damages by the Epstein Estate.” GVI Mtn. at 2. 
- 
Second, the Government asks this Court to compel Plaintiff’s compliance with 
certain criminal CICO subpoenas and otherwise aid in its criminal 
investigation of Plaintiff so that it can “pursue potential and as appropriate 
independent claims against [Plaintiff].” GVI Mtn. at 3; 18.  
Neither of these interests justifies intervention.  
a.  
The Government’s contingent claim to the Estate's assets is not 
a sufficient interest for intervention 
First, the Government’s contingent claim to the Epstein Estate’s assets is not a sufficient 
interest for intervention.5 The Government lays claim to these assets in its recently filed civil 
Again, it is unclear how the Government proposes to vindicate this interest in the 
context of this litigation since it has not filed a proposed pleading in intervention. 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 7 of 20 
forfeiture action in the Virgin Islands against Defendants herein—the Estate and the Trustees—
under the Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (CICO), 14 V.I.C. §§ 601 et seq.  
The parties to that action are not at issue as no answer has yet been filed by the defendants.6 The 
Government thus merely has a claim that is contingent upon its success in a separate action. 
“[C]ourts in this circuit that have been confronted with the issue have consistently held that 
intervention pursuant to Rule 24(a)(2) is inappropriate where the proposed intervenor's interest is 
contingent upon prevailing on a tort claim in a separate action.”  Gen. Star Indem. Co. v. Virgin 
Is. Port Auth, 224 F.R.D. 372, 375-376 (D.V.I. 2004) (“Proposed Intervenors cannot deny that 
any interest they have or may have in this matter is purely contingent upon a favorable judgment 
in their underlying suit . . . . The Court finds that such a contingent interest is insufficient to 
sustain intervention of right”); Mountain Top Condo. Ass'n v. Dave Stabbert Master Builder, 
Inc., 72 F.3d 361, 366 (3d Cir. 1995) (citations omitted) (“In general, a mere economic interest in 
the outcome of the litigation is insufficient to support a motion to intervene.”) 
Citing two cases, the Government claims that “numerous” courts have held that “a tort 
claimant has a sufficiently developed interest to intervene as of right in a coverage-related action 
involving the tort defendant.” GVI Mtn. at 10-11 (citing Teague v. Bakker, 931 F.2d 249 (4th 
Cir. 1991); Harrison v. Fireman's Fund Ins. Co., 2011 WL 3241452, at *1 (D. Md. July 28, 
2011)).  However, neither of the cases that the Government cites hails from this jurisdiction. 
And, needless to say, neither case involves a government entity proposing to intervene in a civil 
The Government’s operative pleading in the civil forfeiture action is attached as Exhibit 
A to the Motion to Intervene. The Estate and Trustees moved to dismiss this pleading.  

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 8 of 20 
action between private parties in order to investigate a potential target for CICO liability and to 
secure its position in an unrelated CICO action.7  
Even assuming that cases involving intervention by individual claimants in coverage-
related matters are sufficiently analogous to the novel circumstances here, the Government’s 
argument still fails. The Government conspicuously ignores cases from this jurisdiction that are 
directly on point. In General Star Indemnity Co. v. Virgin Islands Port Authority, 224 F.R.D. 372 
(D.V.I. 2004), the Virgin Islands District Court held that an interest that is contingent upon a 
favorable judgment in an underlying suit “is insufficient to sustain intervention of right” under 
the federal equivalent to Rule 24: 
Proposed Intervenors’ only interest in the matter at bar is to ensure 
that VIPA has sufficient resources to satisfy any judgment 
Proposed Intervenors may be able to obtain in the underlying suit 
against VIPA. Accordingly, the Court finds that Proposed 
Intervenors have asserted a purely economic interest. 
The Government suggests in its Motion to Intervene that its civil forfeiture action 
against the Estate is designed to “protect the rights of victims,” casting itself as akin to a “tort 
claimant” and the Estate as an “insurer,” the Government did not file its CICO complaint against 
the Estate on behalf of any victims. GVI Mtn. 10-11. The operative pleading in that action 
expressly states at Paragraph 39 that:  
The Attorney General brings this action to seek all remedies 
available to the Government of the Virgin Islands in enforcing its 
laws and protecting the public interest and public safety. These 
claims are distinct from, and are not intended to supplant the 
claims of victims who were unconscionably harmed by Jeffrey 
Epstein and his associates.  
Moreover, the alleged victims of Jeffrey Epstein already have a perfectly adequate mechanism in 
place to protect their interests vis-a-vis the Estate.  As the Court is aware, the Estate set up a 
Victim’s Compensation Program to award compensation out of Estate funds to alleged Epstein 
victims who file an appropriate submission.  

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 9 of 20 
Id., at 376.  The General Star Court found that “courts in this circuit that have been confronted 
with the issue ‘have consistently held that intervention pursuant to Rule 24(a)(2) is inappropriate 
where the proposed intervenor's interest is contingent upon prevailing on a tort claim in a 
separate action.’” Id. (citing Continental Casualty Co. v. SSM Group, Inc., 1995 WL 422780 at 
*3 (E.D.Pa. July 13, 1995) and Liberty Mutual Ins. Co. v. Pacific Indemnity Co., 76 F.R.D. 656, 
658–59 (W.D.Pa.1977)).  
The Government also conveniently ignores precedent from the Third Circuit Court of 
Appeals reaching the same conclusion. For example, in Liberty Mut. Ins. Co. v. Treesdale, Inc., 
419 F.3d 216 (3d Cir. 2005), the Third Circuit concluded that a contingent interest in insurance 
proceeds is too remote and speculative to satisfy the interest requirement under the federal 
equivalent to Rule 24.  The Treesdale Court noted that “the mere fact that a lawsuit may impede 
a third party's ability to recover in a separate suit does not ordinarily give the third party a right 
to intervene.” Id., at 223. It ultimately found that  
Appellants [i.e., the tort plaintiffs] have no contractual relationship 
with either Liberty Mutual [i.e., the insurer] or PMP [i.e., the 
insured tort defendant], and the declaratory judgment action 
between Liberty Mutual and PMP will not have an immediate, 
adverse effect on them. Rather, the impact is collateral and (given 
the dispute about PMP's solvency) speculative. At most, the 
declaratory judgment action may impact their ability to collect any 
judgment obtained in their personal injury actions. However, that 
is not enough to support intervention of right under Mountain Top. 
Id., at 225 (citing Mountain Top, supra, 72 F.3d 361).  
In 2010, the Virgin Islands District Court again rejected a tort claimant’s attempt to 
intervene in a coverage action between the insured and its insurer. See ACE Am. Ins. Co. v. 
Axiom Constr. & Design Works, LLC, 2010 WL 11565292, at *3 (D.V.I. Dec. 9, 2010). 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 10 of 20 
Applying Treesdale, the ACE Court denied the motion to intervene on the grounds that the 
proposed intervenor’s interest was “a mere economic interest in the proceeds of Axiom's policy 
with ACE, and not a property interest or a legally protectable interest” Id.   
The holdings in General Star, Treesdale, and ACE are consistent with decisions in 
similar cases across the country finding generally that an intervenor must demonstrate more than 
“a mere provable claim” in order to be entitled to intervention of right, see Independent 
Petrochemical Corp. v. Aetna Casualty & Sur. Co., 105 F.R.D. 106, 110 (D.D.C.1985), and 
specifically that a contingent interest in insurance proceeds is too remote and speculative to 
justify intervention in a coverage action under Rule 24(a). See In re HealthSouth Corp. Ins. 
Litigation, 219 F.R.D. 688 (N.D.Ala. 2004); Ace American Ins. Co. v. Paradise Divers, Inc., 216 
F.R.D. 537 (S.D.Fla. 2003); Redland Ins. Co. v. Chillingsworth Venture, Ltd., 171 F.R.D. 206 
(N.D.Ohio 1997).  
Second, the Government’s purported interest in the Estate would not be affected or 
impaired as a practical matter by the disposition of this lawsuit.  That is because the Government 
on January 30, 2020 filed certain Criminal Activity Liens on Estate assets pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 
610. These liens cover all real and personal property located in the Virgin Islands in the name 
or under the signatory authority of the Estate.  See Criminal Activity Liens bearing document 
numbers 2020000423 and 2020000424, copies of which are collectively attached hereto as 
Exhibit “1.” These Criminal Activity Liens provide that  
Any trustee, executor, person or institution who moves, 
transfers or conveys title to personal or real  property upon 
which  a Criminal Activity  Lien Notice has been filed in the 
judicial subdivision in which the personal or real  property is 
located, and  who transfers or conveys such  property while 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 11 of 20 
having  actual notice of the Criminal Activity Lien Notice, shall 
be liable to the Attorney General in accordance with Title 14 
V.I.C. § 610(1)(1)(2) or (3). 
(Emphasis in original.) The Government’s position is that these Criminal Activity Liens are 
effective for up to twelve years, or until January 23, 2032, if properly renewed, that only the 
Attorney General can release these liens, that this Court may not vacate them, and that the liens 
cover all assets and property used in connection with the alleged unlawful activity.In the 
Government’s view, that apparently includes all of the Estate’s assets and property. See 
Government’s Opposition to Motion to Vacate Criminal Activity Lien Notices, filed on June 11, 
2020 in the Government’s CICO action against the Estate, et al., a copy of which is attached 
hereto as Exhibit “2.” The Motion to Intervene self-servingly seeks to downplay the scope of 
these liens, asserting vaguely in a one sentence footnote that the Court should ignore them for the 
purpose of deciding its Motion to Intervene due to “limitations on the scope of pretrial restraints” 
that the Government does not explain. GVI Mtn. at 12 n. 3. It is impossible to credit this 
assertion in light of the government’s detailed defense of the breadth of these liens in its CICO 
action against the Estate.  
By their own terms, the Criminal Activity Liens subject the Executors to liability under 
V.I.C. § 610 for any transfer or conveyance of Estate property. Again, the Government has 
already availed itself of sweeping, statutory powers designed to secure its interests in the Estate 
and accomplish everything that it purports to do by intervening in this case. 
In sum, the Government’s purely contingent interest of a possible favorable judgment in 
another suit is not a significant interest authorizing intervention. Even assuming that it was, there 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 12 of 20 
is no chance it would be impaired as a practical matter. Accordingly, for this reason, the 
Government’s Motion to Intervene should be denied.8  
b. 
The Government’s interest in advancing its criminal 
investigation of Plaintiff through this civil proceeding is 
improper and not a sufficient interest for intervention 
The Government’s so-called “investigatory interest against [Plaintiff]” is not an 
appropriate or sufficient interest to support intervention here. By the Government’s own 
admission, it seeks to intervene here to supplement its broad investigatory powers under the 
Virgin Islands CICO statute, 14 V.I.C. § 600, et seq., and coopt this Court to help enforce its 
By inserting itself in this action, the Government also seeks to circumvent issues of 
personal jurisdiction as to any claim it may seek to assert against Plaintiff—a non-resident of the 
Virgin Islands—relating to any recovery from the Estate. It is well-established that a litigant’s 
consent to jurisdiction in one case does not constitute consent to personal jurisdiction in that 
forum ad infinitum. See, e.g., Klinghoffer v. S.N.C. Achille Lauro Ed Altri-Gestione Motonave 
Achille Lauro in Amministrazione Straordinaria, 937 F.2d 44, 50 n.5 (2d Cir. 1991) (“A party’s 
consent to jurisdiction in one case, however, extends to that case alone. It in no way opens that 
party up to other lawsuits in the same jurisdiction in which consent was given, where the party 
does not consent and no other jurisdictional basis is available.”); Funai Elec. Co. v. Personalized 
Media Commc'ns, LLC, 2016 WL 370708, at *2-3 (D. Del. Jan. 29, 2016) (defendant that filed 
two earlier patent suits in Delaware against unrelated defendants did not consent to jurisdiction 
in Delaware); Fesniak v. Equifax Mortgage Servs. LLC, 2015 WL 2412119, at *6 (D. N.J. May 
21, 2015) (“Plaintiff cites no authority to support the theory that Credit Plus' participation in a 
prior lawsuit in this forum concerning different claims with different parties constitutes consent 
to settle all future disputes in New Jersey.”); Otsuka Pharm. Co. v. Mylan Inc., 106 F.Supp.3d 
456, 467 n.10 (D.N.J. 2015); Olympia Steel Bldg. Sys. Corp. v. Gen. Steel Domestic Sales, LLC, 
2007 WL 1816281, at *3 (W.D. Pa. June 22, 2007) (general jurisdiction would not arise where 
defendant participated in litigation on entirely different claims with entirely different parties) 
(citing Bowers v. NETI Techs., Inc., 690 F.Supp. 349, 356 (E.D. Pa. 1988); Simplicity Inc. v. 
MTS Prods., Inc., 2006 WL 924993, at *7 (E.D. Pa. Apr. 6, 2006) ); Bertolini-Mier v. Upper 
Valley Neurology Neurosurgery, P.C., 2016 WL 7174646, at *3 (D. Vt. Dec. 7, 2016) 
(defendant’s filing of six lawsuits in Vermont courts did not amount to consent to personal 
jurisdiction in Vermont; prior lawsuits were not related to present case). Plaintiff reserves the 
right to move to dismiss any complaint in intervention by the Government for lack of personal 
jurisdiction. 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 13 of 20 
criminal subpoenas in order to establish a predicate for criminal charges against Plaintiff.9 This 
investigation is unrelated to any matter at issue in this civil proceeding. Not surprisingly, the 
Government cites no case supporting this basis for intervention, nor could it. Needless to say, the 
Government’s extraordinary proposition is improper and not a sufficient interest for intervention.  
“Intervention generally is not appropriate where the applicant can protect its interests 
and/or recover on its claim through some other means.” Deus v. Allstate Ins. Co., 15 F.3d 506, 
526 (5th Cir. 1994). In Deus, a third party moved to intervene to gain access to documents and 
testimony to use those materials in its own action against the same defendant. Id. at 525-26. The 
court denied the motion to intervene “as a matter of law,” reasoning that the movant had “no 
rights or claims that [it] wanted the district court to adjudicate.” Id. A movant-in-intervention 
that is in collateral litigation with the same defendant can protect any interest it has by filing 
discovery requests in its own case. Id. See also Head v. Jellico Housing Auth., 870 F.2d 1117, 
1124-25 (6th Cir. 1989) (affirming denial of intervention where intervenor had substantially 
similar complaint pending elsewhere and therefore had “availed herself of other adequate means 
of asserting her rights”). 
Here, the Government seeks to take the unprecedented step of intervening in this case for 
the purpose of aiding its criminal investigation of Plaintiff “in anticipation of a potential action 
against her.” GVI Mtn. at 12. The Government, however, has a number of “other means” 
available to protect its interests, even more so than the private litigants in Deus and Head. The 
Government, as prosecutor, has a host of investigatory tools at its disposal to obtain any 
The Government states that it is “investigating Maxwell's  participation in Epstein's 
criminal sex-trafficking and sexual abuse conduct pursuant to its authority under CICO, 14 
V.I.C. § 612, to investigate reasonably suspected criminal activity.” GVI Mtn. at 2. 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 14 of 20 
information it deems necessary for a potential prosecution, including those available under the 
Virgin Islands CICO statute. In fact, the Government even admits to using them, stating that it 
has already attempted service of CICO Subpoenas to Plaintiff for certain materials. GVI Mtn. at 
4-5.  Contrary to the Government’s repeated suggestion, Plaintiff did not “evade service” of the 
CICO Subpoenas. Rather, these were served to persons who did not have authority to accept 
them. In any case, the Government does not explain why it has not made efforts to serve Plaintiff 
now that it presumably knows the jurisdiction where she is presently located.10 
Despite complaining that Plaintiff has not responded to the unserved CICO Subpoenas, 
the Government ignores the availability of statutory remedies to address this issue. Specifically, 
the CICO statute provides that “the Attorney General may petition the court of the judicial 
subdivision where the witness resides for an order requiring the witness to attend and to testify 
or to produce the documentary material.” 14 V.I.C. § 612(k) (emphasis added).  The Government 
thus has the power to initiate an original action to address issues of compliance with its CICO 
Subpoenas, and therefore need not resort to shoehorning this issue into this unrelated civil action.   
Notably, the Virgin Islands CICO statute requires that the Government bring an action to 
compel compliance with its process in the judicial subdivision where the witness resides. The 
Government would ask the Court here (in this unrelated civil action between private parties) to 
ignore this statute and the protections it affords a non-resident accused, like Plaintiff. The 
Government’s deliberate attempt to exercise the powers given to it under the CICO statute, while 
Instead, the Government spends three full pages explaining how it delivered the CICO 
Subpoenas to persons who did not have authority to accept them. See GVI Mtn. at 4-6. The 
Government’s complaints that “locating and serving” Plaintiff “[e]ven before Epstein’s 2019 
arrest and death” was “impracticable” are irrelevant and do not justify the Government’s request 
to use this civil case as a means to enforce its criminal subpoenas.  

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 15 of 20 
seeking to avoid the statutory limitations on those powers, sets an ominous precedent and should 
not be lightly condoned.  
There is simply no support for the Government’s remarkable request. In fact, courts 
typically only allow government intervention in civil cases for the opposite purpose – so the 
government can seek a stay of discovery in order to prevent discovery in the civil case from 
being used to circumvent the more limited scope of discovery in a parallel criminal matter. See, 
e.g., Sec. & Exch. Comm'n v. Fishoff, 2016 WL 1262508, at *2 (D.N.J. Mar. 31, 2016) (citing 
cases). Even then, courts require that the issues in the criminal and civil cases “substantial[ly] 
overlap” before entering a stay. Id. Here, on the other hand, the Government seeks an “end run” 
around the criminal process that already exists so it can use the civil process as one more tool 
against Plaintiff.  
In sum, the Government’s unprecedented request to intervene in this case to advance its 
so-called “investigatory interest” must be denied because it is patently improper and because the 
Government has a number of other tools at its disposal to obtain any information it believes is 
necessary. This Court should require the Government to employ the tools available to it as 
investigator and prosecutor and deny its attempt to bypass judicial scrutiny in those cases to 
which it is already a party.  
ii. 
The Government’s claimed interest in the outcome of this case is 
adequately protected by Estate within the meaning of Rule 24(a) 
The Government is not entitled to intervene under Rule 24(a) for the additional reason 
that “existing parties adequately represent [the Government’s] interest.” V.I.R.Civ.P. 24(a)(2). 
Rule 24(a) does not require that Defendants here have “identical” interests to a would-be 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 16 of 20 
intervenor. The issue is whether they have “the same ultimate objective.” Virginia v. 
Westinghouse Elec. Corp., 542 F.2d 214, 216 (4th Cir. 1976). For example, “if there is a party 
charged by law with representing [a would-be intervenor’s] interest, then a compelling showing 
should be required to demonstrate why this representation is not adequate.” Mountain Top, 72 
F.3d at 368–69 (emphasis added) (citing 7C Wright, Miller & Kane, Federal Practice & 
Procedure § 1908, at 318–19).  
Here, as the Government concedes, the Trustees have “an interest in preserving [the 
Estate’s] funds against [Plaintiff’s] claim for indemnification.” GVI Mtn. at 15.  In fact, the 
Trustees are “charged by law” to “faithfully and diligently perform the duties of [their] trust” at 
the risk of their removal. 15 V.I.C. § 240. Under Virgin Islands law, the Executors owe fiduciary 
duties to all who may have a beneficial interest in the estate. In re Estate of Cummings, 1985 WL 
1177815, at *5 (Terr. V.I. Nov. 26, 1985). Further, “[t]he Virgin Islands Probate Code prescribes 
stringent ethical standards of a person holding the trust office of executor or administrator.” 
Estate of Christensen, 1998 WL 242722, at *3 (Terr. V.I. Mar. 25, 1998). Finally, as noted 
above, the Government’s Criminal Activity Liens subject the Executors to liability under 14 
V.I.C. § 610 for any transfer or conveyance of Estate property. To the extent that the 
Government is concerned with the dissipation of the Estate’s assets, the Trustees adequately 
represent the Government’s interest here. 
The Government’s suggestions that Plaintiff and Defendants “are not truly adversarial” 
are unsupported innuendos. The Government asserts that Plaintiff’s “evident involvement in 
Epstein’s alleged criminal conduct makes her a critical fact witness with whom the Estate is very 
likely to try to cooperate.” Such a statement is not only improper—Plaintiff is innocent until 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 17 of 20 
proven guilty and has maintained her innocence from the beginning—but provides no coherent 
explanation for why Plaintiff and Defendants are somehow not “adversarial.”  As explained 
above, Defendants have every incentive to defend Plaintiff’s claim vigorously. Indeed, 
Defendants have moved to dismiss Plaintiff’s Complaint in this action. Defendants further 
apparently take no position as to the instant Motion to Intervene. Putting aside the Government’s 
pure speculation, there is no actual support for the notion that the Executors would fail to 
“faithfully and diligently perform the duties of [their] trust” as required by Virgin Islands law.  
In sum, any interest the Government arguably has is coextensive with Defendants and is 
thus adequately represented by Defendants. 
C. 
The Government Fails to Satisfy Rule 24’s Requirements for Permissive 
Intervention  
i. 
The Government cannot articulate a “claim or defense” required for 
permissive intervention 
The Government also fails to satisfy the standards for permissive intervention under Rule 
24(b). Rule 24(b)(1)(B) permits intervention, in a court’s discretion, where the proposed 
intervenor has a “claim or defense” that shares “a common question of law or fact” with the main 
action. V.I.R.Civ.P. 24(b)(1)(B). Here, the Government’s CICO complaint against the Estate and 
its Trustees and criminal CICO investigation of Plaintiff do not share common questions of law 
or fact with this indemnification action. Indeed, the matters could not be more distinct. The 
Government’s stated intent for intervention is to “investigat[e] [Plaintiff’s] [alleged] participation 
in the criminal sex-trafficking and sexual abuse conduct of the Epstein Enterprise.”11 GVI Mtn. 
Plaintiff categorically denies all allegations of personal conduct in the Motion to 
Intervene.  

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 18 of 20 
at 4. This inquiry will involve a completely different set of witnesses, different operative facts, 
different procedural rules, and different (novel) legal issues, than the instant action, which does 
not involve “conduct of the Epstein Enterprise” and is governed by principles of contract law. 
There is no question of law or fact that these matters would share.12 
ii. 
The Government will cause undue delay and prejudice if it is allowed 
to intervene under Rule 24(b) 
Rule 24(b) is also clear that the Court “must” consider whether the proposed intervention 
“will unduly delay or prejudice the adjudication of the original parties’ rights.” V.I.R.Civ.P. 
24(b)(3).13 Unwittingly, the Government’s Motion to Intervene demonstrates why its 
intervention would cause “undu[e] delay and prejudice” to Plaintiff, if not completely derail this 
case. Throughout its motion, the Government proposes to inject legal issues that diverge 
substantially from those involved in this indemnification action. These would include novel, 
complex issues of first impression concerning the Government’s intent to conduct a criminal 
investigation of Plaintiff within the context of this civil action. These issues would assuredly and 
Notably, Rule 24 also expressly contemplates intervention by government entities. The 
rule allows the Government to officially intervene on behalf of the public interest in any case 
where a party’s claim or defense is based on: 
(A)  
a statute or executive order administered by the officer, 
employee or governmental body, agency or board; or 
(B)  
any regulation, order, requirement, or agreement issued or 
made under a statute or executive order. 
V.I.R.Civ.P. 24(b)(2).  The Government does not even mention this rule, nor can there be any 
argument that it applies here.   
See also 7C Charles Alan Wright, Arthur R. Miller, & Mary Kay Kane, Federal 
Practice and Procedure § 1911 (citing Chadima v. Nat'l Fid. Life Ins. Co., 848 F. Supp. 1418, 
1423 (D. Iowa 1994)). 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 19 of 20 
unnecessarily clog this Court’s docket. This indemnification action will take longer and cost 
more if the parties are required to litigate such unrelated, collateral issues. The Government’s 
Motion to Intervene shows exactly why its participation would cause the very delay and 
prejudice that Rule 24(b) prohibits. 
“Additional parties always take additional time that may result in delay and that thus may 
support the denial of intervention.” 7C Charles Alan Wright, Arthur R. Miller, & Mary Kay 
Kane, Federal Practice and Procedure § 1913, at p. 481. That fact requires this Court to consider 
whether the Government’s intervention would add value to the litigation. See 6 James Wm. 
Moore, Moore's Federal Practice § 24.10[2][b] (1998). For the reasons discussed above, the 
Government’s intervention would not. Because anything that the Government’s wants to do can 
be adequately done in the other proceedings in which it is involved and by using the enormous 
statutory powers at its disposal that are not available to private civil litigants, its Motion to 
Intervene should be denied. 
III. 
CONCLUSION  
For the reasons set forth above, the Government’s motion is procedurally defective and 
its grounds for relief are meritless.  The Government simply has not met its burden of showing 
that it has standing to assert any “claim or defense,” much less one that is appropriate in the 
context of this proceeding. The Government’s intervention would unduly delay this case and 
prejudice Plaintiff. Its Motion to Intervene therefore should be denied. 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 20 of 20 
Dated: September 8, 2020  
QUINTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A.  
Attorneys for Plaintiff  
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
T: (340) 693-0230 
F: (340) 693-0300  
By:  
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com       
V.I. Bar No.:  1038 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing, which complies with 
the word and page requirements of V.I.R.Civ.P. 6-1(e), was served via email and U.S. Mail this 
8th day of September, 2020 to:   
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
ckroblin@kellfer.com    
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. (AAG) 
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
Office of the Attorney General  
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov  
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
 kwaldner@qpwblaw.com       
 V.I. Bar No.: 1038 

EXHIBIT "1"
Doc ff 2020000423 
01/30/20.."0 10:40 AH 
II Pages 3 
Official Records of ST THOMAS/ ST J()t4 
ERICA D01.,{R tl.P .A., RECORI{R OF ocrns 
Fees $0.00 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
GERS Complex, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, V.1. 00802 
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 
#213 Estate La Reine 
RRI Box 6151, Kingshill 
St. Croix, V.1. 00850 
(340) 774-5666 Fax: (340) 776-3494 
(340) 773-0295 Fax: (340) 773-1425 
CRIMINAL ACTIVITY LIEN NOTICE 
Title 14 V.I.C. §610 
CRIMINALLY INFLUENCED AND CORRUPT ORGANIZATIONS ACT 
TO: 
Ms. Erica Dover 
Director, Recorder of Deeds 
Office of the Lieutenant Governor 
5049 Kongens Gade 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
RE: 
Parcel Number 109803010100, consisting of 3.1 million square feet of land 
(Commonly known as "Little St. James") 
LET IT BE KNOWN THAT the Attorney General of the United States Virgin 
Islands hereby files a Criminal Activity Lien Notice pursuant to Chapter 30, Title 14 V.I.C. § 610, 
based on a civil proceeding, Case No. ST-2020-CV-14, having been instituted by the Government 
of the United States Virgin Islands under Chapter 30 of the Virgin Islands Code, namely, the 
Criminal~v Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (CICO), is pending in the Superior Court of 
the Virgin Islands naming the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; THE 1953 TRUST; 
PLAN D, LLC; GREAT ST. JIM, LLC; NAUTILUS, INC.; HYPERION AIR, LLC.; AND 
POPLAR, INC. as defendants. 
01/30/2020 10:40 AM 
2020000423 
Page 1 of 3 

Attorney General 
Criminal Activity Lien - ST-2020-CV- I 4, 
Office of the Lt. Governor - Recorder of Deeds 
January 29, 2020 
Page 2 
In conformity with Title 14 V.I.C. §610(e}, from the time of the filing of this Criminal 
Activity Lien Notice, a Criminal Activity Lien in favor of the Government of the United States 
Virgin Islands is created on the following: 
1. 
Any and personal or real property located in the Territory of the Virgin Islands in the name 
of, or under the signatory authority of the EST A TE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, THE 1953 TRUST; PLAN D, LLC; GREAT ST. JIM, LLC; 
NAUTILUS, INC.; HYPERION AIR, LLC.; AND POPLAR, INC. 
2. 
Any beneficial Interest of the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN; THE 1953 TRUST; PLAN D, LLC; GREAT ST. JIM, LLC; NAUTILUS, 
INC.; HYPERION AIR, LLC.; AND POPLAR, INC. in any personal or real property 
located in the Territory of the Virgin Islands. 
3. 
Any and all bank accounts, certificates of deposits and any other accounts in the name of, 
or under the signatory authority of the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN; THE 1953 TRUST; PLAN D, LLC; GREAT ST. JIM, LLC; NAUTILUS, 
INC.; HYPERION AIR, LLC.; AND POPLAR, INC. 
Pursuant to Title 14 V.I.C. § 61 O(a), the Director of the Record of Deeds, of the Office 
of the Lieutenant Governor shall, upon the presentation of a Criminal Activity Lien Notice, 
immediately record it in the official records. 
01/30/2020 10:40 AM 
2020000423 
Page 2 of 3 

Attorney General 
Criminal Activity Lien - ST-2020-CV- l 4, 
Office of the Lt. Governor - Recorder of Deeds 
January 29, 2020 
Page 3 
Any trustee, executor, person or institution who moves, transfers or conveys title to 
personal or real property upon which a Criminal Activity Lien Notice has been filed in the 
judicial subdivision in which the personal or real property is located, and who transfers or 
conveys such property while having actual notice of the Criminal Activity Lien Notice, shall 
be liable to the Attorney General in accordance with Title 14 V.I.C. § 610(1)(1)(2) or (3). 
DA TED: January_!!!}_, 2020 
01/30/2020 10:40 AM 
DENISE N. GEORGE, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY GENERAL 
By:~ 
-/4.~rrii,SQ. 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
3438 Kronprindsens Gade 
GERS Building, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
(340) 77 4-5666 Ext. 10101 
2020000423 
Page 3 of 3 

Doc tt 2020000424 
01/30/2020 10:40 AH 
II Pages 3 
0ffidal Records of ST THOMAS/ ST JOHN 
ERICA DOVER M.P .A.' R£CORI(R OF m:ris 
Fees $0.00 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
GERS Complex, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
OFFICE OF THE ATTOR:\'.EY GENERAL 
#213 Estate La Reine 
RRl Box 6151, Kingshill 
St. Croix, V.I. 00850 
(340) 774-5666 Fax: (340) 776-3494 
(340) 773-0295 Fax: (340) 773-1425 
CRIMINAL ACTIVITY LIEN NOTICE 
Title 14 V.I.C. §610 
CRIMINALLY INFLUENCED AND CORRUPT ORGANIZATIONS ACT 
TO: 
Ms. Erica Dover 
Director, Recorder of Deeds 
Office of the Lieutenant Governor 
5049 Kongens Gade 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
RE: 
Parcel Number 109801010100, consisting of 3.5 million square feet of land 
Parcel Number 109801010200, consisting of 450,000 square feet of land 
Parcel Number 109801010300, consisting of 1.2 million square feet of land 
(Collectively known as "Great St. James") 
LET IT BE KNOWN THAT the Attorney General of the United States Virgin 
Islands hereby files a Criminal Activity Lien Notice pursuant to Chapter 30, Title 14 V.I.C. ~ 610, 
based on a civil proceeding, Case No. ST-2020-CV-14, having been instituted by the Government 
of the United States Virgin Islands under Chapter 30 of the Virgin Islands Code, namely, the 
Criminal~v Influenced and Corrupt Organi:::ations Act (C/CO), is pending in the Superior Court of 
the Virgin Islands naming the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; THE 1953 TRUST; 
PLAN D, LLC; GREAT ST. JIM, LLC; NAUTILUS, INC.; HYPERION AIR, LLC.; AND 
POPLAR, INC. as defendants. 
01/30/2020 10:40 AM 
2020000424 
Page 1 of 3 

Attorney General 
Criminal Activity Lien - ST-2020-CV-14, 
Office of the Lt. Governor - Recorder of Deeds 
January 29, 2020 
Page 2 
In conformity with Title 14 V.I.C. §610(e), from the time of the filing of this Criminal 
Activity Lien Notice, a Criminal Activity Lien in favor of the Government of the United States 
Virgin Islands is created on the following: 
1. 
Any and personal or real property located in the Territory of the Virgin Islands in the name 
of, or under the signatory authority of the EST A TE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, THE 1953 TRUST; PLAN D, LLC; GREAT ST. JIM, LLC; 
NAUTILUS, INC.; HYPERION AIR, LLC.; AND POPLAR, INC. 
2. 
Any beneficial Interest of the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN; THE 1953 TRUST; PLAN D, LLC; GREAT ST. JIM, LLC; NAUTILUS, 
INC.; HYPERION AIR, LLC.; AND POPLAR, INC. in any personal or real property 
located in the Territory of the Virgin Islands. 
3. 
Any and all bank accounts, certificates of deposits and any other accounts in the name of, 
or under the signatory authority of the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; JEFFREY 
EPSTEIN; THE 1953 TRUST; PLAN D, LLC; GREAT ST. JIM, LLC; NAUTILUS, 
INC.; HYPERION AIR, LLC.; AND POPLAR, INC. 
Pursuant to Title 14 V.I.C. § 610(a), the Director of the Record of Deeds, of the Office 
of the Lieutenant Governor shall, upon the presentation of a Criminal Activity Lien Notice, 
immediately record it in the official records. 
01/30/2020 10:40 AM 
2020000424 
Page 2 of 3 

Attorney General 
Criminal Activity Lien - ST-2020-CV-14, 
Office of the Lt. Governor~ Recorder of Deeds 
January 29, 2020 
Page 3 
Any trustee, executor, person or institution who moves, transfers or conveys title to 
personal or real property upon which a Criminal Activity Lien Notice has been filed in the 
judicial subdivision in which the personal or real property is located, and who transfers or 
conveys such property while having actual notice of the Criminal Activity Lien Notice, shall 
be liable to the Attorney General in accordance with Title 14 V.I.C. § 610(1)(1)(2) or (3). 
DA TED: January ~ 
, 2020 
01/30/2020 10:40 AM 
DENISE N. GEORGE, ESQ. 
ATTORNEY GENERAL 
By~ 
RIEL.TH,ESQ. 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
3438 Kronprindsens Gade 
GERS Building, 2nd Floor 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
(340) 774-5666 Ext. 10101 
2020000424 
Page 3 of 3 

EXHIBIT "2"
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
******************************** 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
VIRGIN ISLANDS, 
PLAINTIFF, 
V. 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as the 
EXECUTOR FOR THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN and ADMINISTRATOR OF THE 1953 
TRUST; RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
the EXECUTOR FOR THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, and ADMINISTRATOR OF THE 
1953 TRUST; ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; 
THE 1953 TRUST; PLAN D, LLC; GREAT ST. 
JIM, LLC; NAUTILUS, INC.; HYPERION AIR, 
LLC; POPLAR, Inc.; SOUTHERN TRUST 
COMPANY, INC.; JOHN AND JANE DOES, 
DEFENDANTS. 
Case No.: ST-20-CV-14 
ACTION FOR DAMAGES 
JURY TRIAL DEMANDED 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS' OPPOSITION 
TO MOTION TO VACATE CRIMINAL ACTIVITY LIEN NOTICES 
The Government of the United States Virgin Islands ("Government") hereby responds in 
opposition to the motion filed March 17, 2020 by Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. 
Kahn, Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein ("Epstein Estate") and Co-Administrators 
of the 1953 Trust, to vacate the Government's Criminal Activity Lien Notices. The Government 
states in opposition as follows. 

INTRODUCTION 
On January 15, 2020, the Government filed this action under the Criminally Influenced and 
Corrupt Organizations Act ("CICO"), 14 V.I.C. §§ 600 et seq. against the Epstein Estate and 
various Epstein-controlled entities. On February 5, 2020, the Government filed its Amended 
Complaint, adding, inter alia, Indyke and Kahn as Defendants in their capacities as Co-Executors 
of the Epstein Estate and Co-Administrators of the 1953 Trust. 
Th~ Government alleges that decedent Jeffrey E. Epstein engaged in a criminal sexual 
trafficking enterprise in the Virgin Islands, wherein he used his vast wealth and property holdings 
and a deliberately opaque web of corporations and companies to transport young women and girls 
to his privately-owned islands where they were held captive and subject to severe and extensive 
sexual abuse. Epstein committed suicide in prison in August 2019 after he was indicted and 
incarcerated on federal charges of trafficking and sexually abusing girls as young as 14. 
Defendants Indyke and Kahn, in addition to being Co-Executors of the Epstein Estate, also are 
officers in several of the companies Epstein used in his criminal enterprise. 
Pursuant to its authority under 14 V.I.C. § 610, the Government filed Criminal Activity 
Lien Notices establishing liens in its favor on Epstein-owned property or beneficial interests 
therein located in the Virgin Islands and on the accounts of specified Epstein entities based in the 
Virgin Islands. 
In their motion to vacate the Criminal Activity Liens, Indyke and Kahn seek for the Epstein 
Estate to proceed wholly unfettered as though none of Epstein's credibly-alleged conduct ever 
occurred. They seek a blank check for the Epstein Estate by urging the Court to vacate the 
Government's Criminal Activity Liens in their entirety. As evidence of the free reign they seek for 
the Epstein Estate, the Government has approved and offered to permit future releases of Estate 

funds for administration and asset preservation upon a proper accounting of these items. See Ex. 
A (Government's Notice to Probate Court, filed Feb. 11, 2020), at 1-3. But Indyke and Kahn 
refused to provide this. Instead, they first filed an Emergency Motion with the Probate Court, 
asking that Court to vacate the Government's Liens even though it lacked jurisdiction because this 
Court's jurisdiction over the Government's Criminal Activity Liens under CICO is exclusive. 
Now, Indyke and Kahn ask this Court to vacate the Liens in their entirety, arguing that both 
they as Executors and the Epstein Estate itself are exempt from CICO's Criminal Activity Lien 
provisions based on various legal and factual contentions, none of which has merit. Their position, 
at bottom, is that any restraint on their use of Epstein Estate funds is impermissible. This position 
is inconsistent with the Government's express authority under CICO, the egregious conduct of the 
decedent and his associated entities, and the substantial claims asserted against the Estate by both 
the Government and individual victims. 
The Court thus should reject Indyke and Kahn's motion as both legally baseless and 
factually untenable. 
STATEMENT OF FACTS 
A. 
Jeffrey Epstein's Alleged Child Sex-Trafficking Enterprise 
The Government filed its operative First Amended Complaint ("F AC") against the Epstein 
Estate, Indyke, Kahn, and various Epstein-owned entities on February 5, 2020. The Government 
alleges that decedent Jeffrey E. Epstein was a resident of the Virgin Islands and maintained a 
residence since 1998 on Little St. James Island, which he owned. F AC, ,r 5. In 2016, he purchased 
a second island-Great St. James. Id. By this time, he also was a registered sex offender because 
he was convicted in Florida of procuring a minor for prostitution. Id., ,r 6. 

The Government alleges that Mr. Epstein for decades conducted an enterprise (the "Epstein 
Enterprise") whereby he used his web of businesses in the Virgin Islands to transport female 
victims, many of them children, to his privately-owned Little St. James Island, where they were 
sexually abused, injured, and held captive. Id., ,r,r 40-41. Flight logs show that betwe~n 2001 and 
2019, girls and young women were transported to the Virgin Islands and then helicoptered to Little 
St. James. Id., ,r 46. Air traffic controller reports state that some victims appeared to be as young 
as 11 years old. Id., ,r 51. Mr. Epstein and his associates lured these girls and young women to 
his island with promises of modeling and other career opportunities. Id., ,r 49. Once they arrived, 
though, they were sexually abused, exploited, and held captive. Id. 
Mr. Epstein's privately-owned islands in the Virgin Islands were essential to the sex-
trafficking enterprise. Little St. James is a secluded, private island, nearly two miles off-shore 
from St. Thomas with no other residents. Id., ,r 66. It is accessible only by private boat or 
helicopter, with no public or commercial transportation servicing the island. Id. When two 
victims, one age 15, attempted to escape from Little St. James, Mr. Epstein organized search parties 
that located them, returned them to his house, and then confiscated the 15-year old girl's passport 
to hinder her ability to escape again. Id., ,r,r 57-58. Mr. Epstein's acquisition of the second 
island-Great St. James-in 2016 provided an additional layer of security, allowing him to better 
ensure that authorities could not observe the sex-trafficking activity on Little St. James and that 
the victims could not escape. Id., ,r 67. 
Mr. Epstein's Virgin Islands-based corporations and companies also played central roles 
in the criminal sex-trafficking enterprise. Defendant Plan D, LLC knowingly and intentionally 
facilitated the trafficking scheme by flying underage girls and young women into the Virgin 
Islands to be delivered into sexual servitude. Id., ,r 97. Defendants Great St. Jim, LLC and 

Nautilus, Inc.-for which Defendants Indyke and Kahn served, respectively, as Secretary and 
Treasurer-knowingly participated in the Epstein Enterprise and facilitated the trafficking and 
sexual servitude of underage girls and young women by providing the secluded properties at, from, 
or to which Epstein and his associates could transport, transfer, maintain, isolate, harbor, provide, 
entice, deceive, coerce, and sexually abuse them. Id., ,r,r 23-29, 98. 
Defendant Southern Trust Company, Inc., of which Epstein was President/Director and 
Defendants Indyke and Kahn were respectively Secretary/Director and Treasurer/Director, 
fraudulently obtained tens of millions of dollars in tax exemptions from the Virgin Islands between 
2012 and 2019. Id., ,r,r 37, 112. Southern Trust Company held itself out as providing "cutting 
edge consulting services" in the area of "biomedical and financial informatics." Id., ,r,r 104-106. 
In fact, it had only one full-time employee working on information technology before 2019, while 
numerous other administrative or support employees performed personal services for Epstein, and 
the company itself existed solely or primarily to secure tax benefits that helped support his criminal 
activities and properties in the Virgin Islands. Id., ,r,r 107-111, 113-114. 
B. 
The Government's Criminal Activity Lien Notices 
Pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 610, the Government filed and served Criminal Activity Lien 
Notices covering Mr. Epstein's Virgin Islands-based properties, beneficial interests therein, and 
accounts. Specifically, the Government's notices created liens on the following: 
1. Any personal or real property located in the Territory of the Virgin Islands in the 
name of, or under the signatory authority of the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN; JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; THE 1953 TRUST; PLAN D, LLC; 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC; NAUTILUS, INC.; HYPERION AIR, LLC; AND 
POPLAR, INC. 
2. Any beneficial interest of the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN; THE 1953 TRUST; PLAN D, LLC; GREAT ST. JIM, LLC; 
NAUTILUS, INC.; HYPERION AIR, LLC; AND POPLAR, INC. m any 
personal or real property located in the Territory of the Virgin Islands; 

3. Any and all bank accounts, certificates of deposits and any other accounts in the 
name of, or under the signatory authority of the EST ATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN; JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; THE 1953 TRUST; PLAN D, LLC; 
GREAT ST. JIM, LLC; NAUTILUS, INC.; HYPERION AIR, LLC; AND 
POPLAR, INC. 
Ex. B (Criminal Activity Lien Notice, dated Jan. 23, 2020). 
C. 
The Attorney General's Attempts to Ensure Lawful Administration of the 
Epstein Estate 
On February 5, 2020, Shauna Betz, Legal Assistant at Kellerhals Ferguson Kroblin PLLC 
(Attorneys for the Epstein Estate, Indyke, and Kahn) sent email correspondence to the Attorney 
General from attorney Christopher Kroblin, Esq., objecting to the Criminal Activity Lien hold 
("Lien") the Government placed on accounts in the name of "The Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein," 
"Nautilus, Inc.," and "Great St. Jim, LLC" at the First Bank of Puerto Rico on January 31, 2020. 
See Ex. A (Government's Notice to Probate Court, filed Feb. 11, 2020) at 1. The next day, 
February 6, 2020, the Attorney General responded by email and offered to schedule a meeting for 
the following day, which Attorney Kroblin accepted. See id. at 2. 
On February 7, 2020, the Attorney General and Attorney Kroblin met in person. Attorney 
Kroblin expressed concern that the Lien would prevent the Epstein Estate from paying its expenses 
to maintain and preserve its assets. See id. The Attorney General recognized the importance of 
the Epstein Estate meeting its expenses for maintenance and preservation and so offered, pursuant 
to her express and exclusive and express authority under 14 V.I.C. § 610(r), to release sufficient 
funds to meet such expenses once the Epstein Estate identifies the expenses and the amounts of 
funds needed to satisfy them. See id. 
On Sunday February 9, 2020, the Attorney General followed up and memorialized the 
meeting by sending an email again conveying her willingness to accommodate an immediate 

release of funds sufficient to pay necessary expenses to manage, maintain, and preserve estate 
assets, and stating that the Attorney General's Office eagerly awaited the listing of expenses to 
facilitate the prompt release of funds for payment. See id. In that same email, the Attorney General 
also stated her intent to follow up about the proposed Epstein victims' compensation program fund 
that also was discussed briefly at the in-person meeting. See id. 
Rather than provide the requested itemization, however, Counsel for the Epstein Estate, 
lndyke, and Kahn (Attorney Kroblin) sent an email to the Attorney General on Monday February 
10, 2020 stating that the Estate had that morning filed to seek an emergency Order from the Probate 
Court because FirstBank had conveyed that the hold would remain in place absent a court order. 
See id. at 3. The Attorney General has opposed the Epstein Estate's emergency motion, which is 
pending before the Probate Court. 
After the Epstein Estate filed its Probate Court emergency motion, the Attorney General 
continued to try to reach a common understanding with the Estate over what constitutes reasonable 
administration expenses. See Ex. C (March 17, 2020 email to Estate's counsel). 
On March 17, 2020, Defendants Indyke and Kahn filed their motion for this Court to vacate 
the Government's Criminal Activity Liens. 
Despite Defendants' motions, the Attorney General has approved release of$14.76 million 
from the Government's Criminal Activity Liens--$10.4 million for Estate administration, 
maintenance expenses, and attorneys' fees, and has continued to seek a common understanding 
with the Estate on how to verify such expenses in the future, see Ex. D (May 18-27, 2020 emails 
between counsel) (5/20/20 email), plus an additional $4.36 million for administration of a victims 
compensation fund. Defendants, however, continue to refuse to cooperate. They insist that the 
Government's Criminal Activity Liens cannot be enforced against them and that they should have 

unfettered control over funds used and obtained in connection with the Epstein Enterprise. See id. 
(5/21/20 email). 
D. 
Unexplained Estate Transactions Involving Tens of Millions of Dollars 
On May 14, 2020, Counsel for the Government wrote Counsel for the Epstein Estate 
inquiring about irregularities in the Estate's accounting involving tens of millions of dollars. See 
Ex. E (May 14, 2020 letter by Government's Counsel). The first of these involves the Estate's 
payment of $15.5 million to Epstein-owned Southern Country International, Ltd. ("SCI"), which 
the Estate represents to be repayment of a loan by SCI to Epstein for his legal expenses after his 
arrest in July 2019, but for which there is no record of any loan made by SCI. See id. at 1-2. This 
therefore is an unaccounted-for disbursement of $15.5 million by the Epstein Estate. 
The second irregularity involves the Estate's transfer of $24 million from Epstein-owned 
SCI to Epstein-owned Defendant Southern Trust Company. The Estate made this transfer from 
SCI to Southern Trust on December 18, 2019-the day before it made the above $15.5 million 
payment to SCI-but did not disclose this payment until over four months later. See id. at 2-3. 
None of these transactions are consistent with SCI's banking license, which limits its activities, 
except in narrow circumstances, to non-resident individuals and entities, see 9 V.I.C. § 726(b), 
which excludes both Epstein and Southern Trust. 
Defendants have not explained these irregularities involving tens of millions of dollars of 
Epstein Estate funds. They also refuse to provide a basis for their requests for additional releases 
of funds covered by the Government's Criminal Activity Liens, insisting instead that they have 
complete control over these funds used and obtained in connection with the Epstein Enterprise. 

ARGUMENT 
In their Motion to Vacate, Defendants Indyke and Kahn raise a series of arguments that, if 
accepted, would effectively nullify the Attorney General's enforcement authority under CICO and 
other laws where a primary wrongdoer is deceased and his or her property and assets used in 
connection with the wrongful conduct go to probate. These arguments are contrary both to CICO's 
express provisions giving the Attorney General statutory authority to enforce Criminal Activity 
Liens and to the estate administration statutes that Defendants invoke. The Court therefore should 
reject each of Defendants' arguments as set forth below. 
A. 
The Court Should Not Vacate or Release the Government's Criminal 
Activity Liens Against Defendants While This CICO Action is Pending. 
Under CICO, where the Government has filed a civil or criminal action against a party and 
concurrently filed a Criminal Activity Lien Notice, only the Attorney General may release the liens 
thereunder while the action is pending. The relevant CICO sections provide first that "[ u ]pon the 
institution of any criminal or civil proceeding or action under this chapter, the Attorney General . 
. . may file ... a Criminal Activity Lien Notice" and that the "clerk of the trial court shall upon the 
presentation of a Criminal Activity Lien Notice, immediately record it in the official records." 14 
V.I.C. § 610(a). The Government has done this here. See Ex. B (Criminal Activity Lien Notice, 
dated Jan. 23, 2020). 
The Government's "filing of a Criminal Activity Lien Notice creates from the time of its 
filing, a lien in favor of the Government of the Territory of the Virgin Islands" on the named 
person or entity's "personal or real property situated in the Territory of the Virgin Islands" and on 
"any beneficial interest in it located in the Territory of the Virgin Islands." 14 V.I.C. § 610(c)(l)-
(2) (emphasis added); see also 14 V.I.C. § 610(t) ("The lien shall commence and attach as of the 
time of filing of the Criminal Activity Lien Notice .... "). The Government's Criminal Activity 

Liens thus already are attached to all of the Epstein Estate's known property and interests located 
within the Virgin Islands connected to his criminal enterprise. 
Once the Government's Criminal Activity Liens were filed and attached, they "shall 
continue thereafter until expiration, termination or release as provided herein." 14 V. I. C. § 610( f). 
The Act provides with respect to expiration that "[t]he term of a Criminal Activity Lien Notice 
shall be for a period of 6 years from the date of filing" and subject to renewal for one additional 
6-year period upon Notice filed by the Attorney General. 14 V.I.C. § 610(q). The Government's 
Liens on the Epstein Estate thus shall continue in effect until either January 23, 2026, or January 
23, 2032, absent a termination or release as provided in the Act. 
Where, as here, the Government's underlying CICO action still is pending, only the 
Attorney General may release any property or interest from the Criminal Activity Liens. This is 
the express command of the statute, which provides in relevant part that: 
The Attorney General ... filing the Criminal Activity Lien Notice may release, in 
whole or in part, any Criminal Activity Lien Notice or may release any personal or 
real property or beneficial interest in it from the Criminal Activity Lien Notice upon 
such terms and conditions as he may determine. 
V.I.C. § 610(r) (emphasis added). The Act thus is unambiguous that where a Criminal Activity 
Lien Notice has commenced and attached upon the Attorney General's filing of an action and 
Notice, the Attorney General has sole authority to vacate or release the Liens upon terms and 
conditions she deems appropriate. This means that the Court may not, with the one exception 
addressed below, vacate or release the Government's Criminal Activity Liens. 
The one instance where CICO permits the Court to release or extinguish a Criminal 
Activity Lien does not apply here. The Act provides that where "no criminal or civil proceeding 
or action under this chapter is then pending against the person named in a Criminal Activity Lien 
Notice, any person named in a Criminal Activity Lien Notice may institute an action ... seeking 

a release or extinguishment of the notice," which a court may grant upon the appropriate factual 
findings. 14 V.I.C. § 610(t)(l)-(3). This exception does not apply here because the Government's 
CICO action against the Epstein Estate is pending. The Court therefore may not vacate or release 
the Government's Criminal Activity Liens as Defendants request. 
This statutory remedial scheme enables the Attorney General to ensure that property and 
assets used in or obtained from unlawful conduct are not shielded from law enforcement. It also 
protects defendants.by allowing them to challenge the underlying allegations through, for example, 
a motion to dismiss or for summary judgment to ensure there is sufficient legal and factual basis 
for the Government's action. Where no action is pending, the§ 610(t) review process likewise 
protects a lien defendant's due process rights. Where an action is pending, like here, the Criminal 
Activity Liens are to remain in place until the Government's claims are resolved. 
In sum, Defendants' request that the Court vacate or release the Government's Criminal 
Activity Liens is contrary to CICO's lien-enforcement statutory provisions. In light of the 
Legislature's purpose in enacting CICO to "curtail criminal activity and lessen its economic ... 
power in the Territory of the Virgin Islands by ... providing to law enforcement ... new civil 
sanctions and remedies," 14 V.I.C. § 601, the Court may not grant this relief while the 
Government's CICO action against the Epstein Estate is pending. The Defendant's motion to 
vacate therefore must be summarily denied. 
B. 
The Government's Criminal Activity Liens are Valid. 
1. 
The Criminal Activity Liens Apply to the Estate's Property. 
Defendants Indyke and Kahn contend that CICO "excludes executors of estates from the 
reach of Criminal Activity Lien Notices." Motion to Vacate at 8 (citing 14 V.I.C. § 604(r)) 

(emphasis in original). This is incorrect. Although§ 604(r) excludes executors from the Act's 
definition of"Trustee," this is immaterial to the Government's claims and Liens for two reasons. 
First, § 610( e)' s "trustee" provisions do not support vacature of the Government's Criminal 
Activity Liens on Epstein Estate assets. These provisions merely exempt the personal or real 
property of the trustees themselves from a Criminal Activity Lien where the trustees are not named 
in their personal capacity. See V.I.C. § 610(m). That has no relevance to this case because the 
Government's Liens are not on Defendant Indyke or Kahn's personal property, but on the Epstein 
Estate's property and assets. 
Second, and closely related, CICO also does not apply only to trustees. Rather, its Criminal 
Activity Lien Notice provisions apply broadly to any ''person or other entity named in the [Lien] 
notice .... " 14 V.I.C. § 610(e)(emphasis added). Thus, even if the Co-Executors are not deemed 
trustees under CICO, they do not have to be because the Act applies far more broadly to any other 
person or entity named-such as the Epstein Estate, each Epstein-controlled company, and each 
individual named in this lawsuit. 
Section 604(r)'s exclusion of executors from the Act's definition of a "trustee" thus is 
irrelevant to the validity and scope of the Government's Criminal Activity Liens. 
2. 
The Government Sued the Proper Parties in Interest 
Defendants Indyke and Kahn also argue that it was improper for the Government to name 
the Epstein Estate and the 1953 Trust as defendants in the CICO action because neither is a legal 
entity that can be sued. See Motion to Vacate at 8-9. This argument that the Epstein Estate and 
1953 Trust are not "persons" that can be sued under CICO makes no reference to Virgin Islands 
law, under which both entities clearly can be sued for two separate and independent reasons. 

i 
First, in Ottley v. Estate of Bell, 61 V.I. 480 (2014), the Supreme Court addressed a lawsuit 
naming an estate as defendant. See id. at 486 ("Ottley named Bell's estate, Eboni, and Gerard 
( collectively, 'Appell es') as defendants in the action."). In deciding the appeal, the Supreme Court 
squarely held that it was permissible for the plaintiff to sue the estate. See id. at 500 ("Ottley 
correctly named Bell's estate as the defendant, and although not necessary, additionally listed the 
two heirs entitled to inherit her interest in the [disputed] property."). In Francis v. Ruan Living 
Trust, No. ST-15-cv-177, 2016 V.I. LEXIS 160, 2016 WL 5867452 (Super. Ct. Oct. 5, 2016), this 
Court held the same with respect to a plaintiffs claims against a trust. See id. at *13 ("Plaintiff 
has pied sufficient facts to support her claim of negligence . . . against Defendant Ruan Trust.") 
( emphasis added). These decisions thus demonstrate that both the Epstein Estate and the 1953 
Trust are properly subject to suit. 
Second, the Court also should reject the argument that the Epstein Estate and 1953 Trust 
cannot be sued because this would undermine CICO's enforcement scheme by shielding Epstein's 
egregious conduct and the property and assets he used to carry it out from law-enforcement. The 
Government seeks to preserve the Estate's assets to satisfy claims for civil penalties, repayment of 
fraudulently obtained tax benefits, and restitution for victims. As discussed, supra, § A, the 
Legislature enacted CICO to "curtail criminal activity and lessen its economic and political power 
in the Territory of the Virgin Islands by establishing new penal prohibitions and providing to law 
enforcement and the victims of criminal activity new civil sanctions and remedies." 14 V.I.C. § 
601. Exempting the Epstein Estate and 1953 Trust from the Act's Criminal Activity Lien remedy 
would thwart these purposes by allowing the wrongdoer's estate and beneficiaries to retain 
property and assets used for egregiously unlawful purposes. 

In sum, the Epstein Estate and its Co-Executors' arguments on the alleged impropriety of 
the Government's CICO action against the Epstein Estate and the 1953 Trust are legally incorrect. 
The Court should reject these arguments as grounds for vacating the Government's Criminal 
Activity Liens. 
3. 
Civil Forfeiture is an Available Remedy to the Government Under 
CICO, Though Not Necessary to Maintain its Criminal Activity Liens. 
Defendants Indyke and Kahn next argue that the Court must vacate the Government's 
Criminal Activity Liens because CICO does not permit civil forfeiture, and "[ w ]ithout a valid 
forfeiture claim, the Attorney General has no basis to freeze the Estate's assets pending the 
outcome of this action." Motion to Vacate at 10-12. Both parts of this argument are incorrect. 
CICO does provide for the Attorney General to obtain civil forfeiture, and the Criminal Activity 
Liens would be valid even if it did not. Each of these arguments is taken in tum. 
First, CICO provides for civil forfeiture. The Supreme Court squarely has recognized this. 
See In re Najawicz, 52 V.I. 311, 333 (2009) ("CICO provides for both civil and criminal forfeitures 
.... "). Defendants ask this Court to ignore the Supreme Court's statement on this point as dictum 
that is incorrect. See Motion to Vacate at 10. The Supreme Court did not err on this point. 
Under 14 V.I.C. § 607, the Government's remedies in civil cases where it proves conduct 
violating the Act include a judgment "ordering any defendant to divest himself of any interest in 
any enterprise, or in any real property[.]" 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)(l). Defendants acknowledge this 
remedy,but try to dismiss it as irrelevant because "the Decedent no longer has an interest to be 
divested." Motion to Vacate at 11. This cavalier assertion does nothing to differentiate between 
divestiture and forfeiture as civil remedies available to the Government. Whether the Government 
seeks forfeiture, divestiture, or both (as here), Jeffrey Epstein still will be deceased. This argument 
thus is just another attempt to shield the Epstein Estate's assets from law enforcement altogether. 

Moreover, even if Defendants could meaningfully distinguish between divestiture and 
forfeiture under § 607 (which they cannot), the Government still could obtain forfeiture in this 
civil action. This is because§ 607 also provides that "[n]one of the above provisions shall be held 
to limit the existing equitable powers of the trial court." 14 V.I.C. § 607(a)(6). The Court's 
retained equitable powers include the power to order forfeiture based upon proven misconduct. 
See generally Ottley, supra, 61 V .I. at 496 n.12 ("[A] court may properly find that an administrator 
forfeited the right to raise [15 V.I.C.] section 606 as a defense due to equitable considerations."); 
see also Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton, LLP v. J-M Mfg. Co., Inc., 6 Cal. 5th 59, 237 
(2018) ("The law takes these case-specific factors into account because forfeiture of compensation 
is, in the end, an equitable remedy."); Prozinski v. Northeast Real Estate Servs., LLC, 797 N.E.2d 
415, 424 n.9 (Mass. App. Ct. 2003) ("Forfeiture is an equitable remedy."); Burrow v. Arce, 997 
S.W.2d 229, 237 (Tex. 1999) ("[W]e look to the jurisprudential underpinnings of the equitable 
remedy of forfeiture."). 
It is true that equity sometimes disfavors forfeiture. See, e.g., Martin v. Domain, 6 V.I. 
599, 604 (1968) ("Equity relieves against a forfeiture where no real fault is committed .... ") 
(internal quotation marks and citation omitted). This, however, is not a case where no fault was 
committed. Just the opposite, the appalling, numerous, and well-documented allegations by the 
Government and dozens of Epstein's victims confirm that equity commands that Epstein's Estate 
be denied the ability to deplete or transfer these assets to Epstein's beneficiaries. Forfeiture thus 
is and should be an available civil or equitable remedy. 
Second, Defendants' "no civil forfeiture" argument for vacating the Government's 
Criminal Activity Liens also fails because the Liens are expressly authorized by statute without 
regard to civil forfeiture. Under 14 V.I.C. § 610, the Attorney General may file a Criminal Activity 

Lien Notice "[u]pon the institution of any criminal or civil proceeding or action under this 
chapter[.]" 14 V.I.C. § 610(a). The Legislature thus did not condition the availability of Criminal 
Activity Liens on the assertion of forfeiture claims. 
Indeed, if Defendants were correct both that the Liens require a forfeiture claim and that 
forfeiture is unavailable in civil actions, then the Government could never file a Lien Notice in a 
civil action. The plain language of§ 610 permitting Criminal Activity Liens in criminal and civil 
actions alike thus clearly refutes these arguments. And for good reason, as the Government's Liens 
will ensure the availability of Epstein Estate assets to satisfy its claims not only for forfeiture and 
divestiture, but also for maximum civil penalties, treble damages, disgorgement, restitution, and 
such other relief as the Court deems proper. See FAC, Prayer for Relief, ff D, E, F, J, K, N, P. 
For each of these reasons, the Court should reject Defendants Indyke and Kahn's "no civil 
forfeiture" arguments for vacature and should reaffirm the validity of the Government's Criminal 
Activity Liens. 
4. 
The Criminal Activity Liens are not Overbroad. 
The Government's Criminal Activity Liens are appropriately tailored to property used in 
the course of Mr. Epstein's alleged child sex-trafficking enterprise in the Virgin Islands. Under 
CICO, the Government may place a lien upon any personal or real property situated in the Virgin 
Islands where the notice is filed which then or thereafter was owned by the person named and upon 
any beneficial interest therein then or thereafter owned by the person named. 
V.I.C. § 
610(e)(l)-(2). Inln re Najawicz, supra, the Supreme Court clarified that "on its face, CICO clearly 
allows for pre-trial restraint only of 'real or personal property used in the course of, intended for 
use in the course of, derived from, or realized through, conduct in violation of [CICO]."' 52 V.I. 
at 343 (quoting 14 V.I.C. § 606(c) forfeiture provision). 

The Government's Criminal Activity Liens here do no more than this. With respect to the 
assets beyond Mr. Epstein's islands and aircraft referenced in Defendants Indyke and Kahn's 
motion, see Motion to Vacate at 14, the Lien Notices placed a hold on accounts held by the Estate 
of Jeffrey E. Epstein; Nautilus, Inc.; and Great St. Jim LLC. See Ex. F (Feb. 4, 2020 letter of 
FirstBank to Co-Executors). Mr. Epstein and both named entities are central to the alleged child 
sex-trafficking enterprise in the Virgin Islands. 
See F AC, ,r 40 ("Epstein, through and in 
association with Defendants, trafficked, raped, sexually assaulted and held captive underage girls 
and young women at his properties in the Virgin Islands."); ,r 27 ("Great St. Jim, LLC ... owns at 
least three properties that make up Great St. James .... "); ,r 28 ("Epstein is listed as manager and 
a member of Great St. Jim, LLC and the nature of its business is described as 'holding assets."'); 
,r 98 ("Great St. Jim, LLC and Nautilus, Inc. knowingly participated in the Epstein Enterprise and 
facilitated the trafficking and sexual servitude of young women and underage girls by providing 
the secluded properties at, from, or to which Epstein and his associates were able to transport, 
transfer, receive, maintain, isolate, harbor, provide, entice, deceive, coerce, and sexually abuse 
underage girls and young women."). 
In light of these allegations specifically connecting each accountholder to the Epstein sex-
trafficking enterprise, Defendants' argument that "at best the Liens might attach to Little St. James 
Island and the three identified aircraft," Motion to Vacate at 14, is incorrect. Although Mr. 
Epstein's privately-owned islands clearly were central to the enterprise, so too were the activities 
and resources of the companies he controlled. The Criminal Activity Liens thus are appropriately 
tailored to the conduct of the Epstein Enterprise. 
The Court also should reject Defendants' undeveloped argument about the geographic 
scope of the Government's Criminal Activity Liens. See Motion to Vacate at 14-15 ("The 

Defendants request that the Court's Order specifically state that the Liens do not cover real or 
personal property or accounts located outside of the Virgin Islands."). Since Defendants do not 
specify which property or accounts they allege to be located outside of the Virgin Islands, the 
Court should decline this invitation to issue a blanket advisory opinion. Cf In re Media Ventures 
Inc., 30 V.1. 43, 45 (Terr. Ct. 1994) (Hodge, V.) ("The Court therefore finds that no actual case or 
controversy exists which needs to be addressed, and that Petitioner is in effect asking this court for 
an advisory opinion. This request must therefore be denied."). The Government's Criminal 
Activity Liens are appropriately tailored to property and assets used in connection with the 
unlawful conduct alleged, and thus should not be vacated either in whole or in any part. 
C. 
The Government's Criminal Activity Liens Do Not Conflict with Legitimate 
Estate Administration. 
Finally, the Court also should reject Defendants Indyke's and Kahn's separate argument 
that the "expenses of Estate administration have priority" over the Government's Criminal Activity 
Liens. Motion to Vacate at 15. This question is not presented on the facts before the Court because 
the Government does not seek to prohibit the Epstein Estate from making truly administrative and 
preservation-related expenditures. 
Rather, the Attorney General repeatedly has sought an accounting from Defendants Indyke 
and Kahn to ensure that any Estate funds they release are used for these and only these legitimate 
purposes. See supra, Statement of Facts §§ C-D. The requested accounting would ensure that 
both the Estate's administrative and preservation purposes and the Government's law-enforcement 
interests are served. Cf 15 V.I.C. § 161 (requiring Probate Court to administer justice in all matters 
relating to the affairs of decedents "in the manner prescribed by law.") ( emphasis added). 
Defendants Indyke and Kahn, however, refuse to provide the Government or this Court with any 
accounting in their capacity as Co-Executors of the Epstein Estate. Their failure to do so either in 

their Motion to Vacate or elsewhere makes their argument for a determination of "priority" nothing 
more than another improper attempt to obtain an advisory opinion by this Court. 
Moreover, the "manner prescribed by law" for disposition of the Epstein Estate's property 
and assets subject to the Government's Criminal Activity Liens is set forth in CICO itself, 
specifically 14 V.I.C. § 610. This provision gives the Attorney General sole authority to set the 
terms and conditions for release of property subject to a Criminal Activity Lien while a CICO 
action is pending: 
The Attorney General or United States Attorney filing the Criminal Activity Lien 
Notice may release, in whole or in part, any Criminal Activity Lien Notice or may 
release any personal or real property or beneficial interest in it from the Criminal 
Activity Lien Notice upon such terms and conditions as he may determine. 
V .I. C. § 6 lO(r) ( emphasis added). Thus, any release of Epstein Estate property or assets covered 
by the Government's Criminal Activity Liens must be upon such terms and conditions as the 
Attorney General permits. 
The Attorney General is appropriately exercising her authority under CICO by requesting 
an accounting to ensure that released Epstein Estate funds are put to legitimate administration and 
preservation uses. She does not seek to prohibit the Epstein Estate from making necessary 
administrative and preservation expenditures. Just the opposite, she seeks to ensure that released 
Estate funds are used for these legitimate purposes and no other. Toward this end, the Attorney 
General has approved release of $10.4 million for Epstein Estate administration and preservation 
expenses to date. See supra, Statement of Facts § C. This is both her exclusive right and her duty 
under CICO to ensure that the statute's law-enforcement objectives are served and not evaded. 
Since Defendants Indyke and Kahn as Co-Executors have refused to provide the Attorney 
General or this Court with any accounting of the Epstein Estate's legitimate administrative and 
preservation expenses, their request here for a blanket determination of priority improperly seeks 

an advisory opinion and/or is contrary to CICO's Criminal Activity Lien provisions. For either or 
both reasons, their motion to vacate should be denied. 
The Government credibly alleges that Jeffrey Epstein used his Virgin Islands properties 
and network of Virgin Islands-based companies to fund (through fraudulently-obtained tax 
benefits) and operate an unlawful sex-trafficking enterprise in which dozens of underage girls and 
young women were sexually abused and held captive. The Epstein Estate Co-Executors' motion 
to vacate the Government's Criminal Activity Liens is nothing less than an attempt to use Epstein's 
jailhouse suicide as a vehicle to sweep this sordid history under the rug and allow Epstein's 
beneficiaries to retain the instrumentalities of the enterprise at the expense of its victims. The 
Court should reject the motion and enforce the Government's Liens against the Epstein Estate. 
CONCLUSION 
For all of the reasons set forth, Defendants Indyke and Kahn's motion to vacate the 
Government's Criminal Activity Liens should be denied. 
Dated: June 11 , 2020 
By: 
Respectfully submitted, 
DENISE N. GEORGE, ESQUIRE 
ATTORNEY GENERAL 
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
. MITH, ESQUIRE 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Depaiiment of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Email: ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov 

. {340}: 774r5666 ext. 1015,S 

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
IT IS HEREBY CERTIFIED that the foregoing Opposition to Motion complies with the 
word and page requirements ofV.I.R. Civ. P. 6-l(e) and a true and conect copy of the 
Opposition was served via regular mail, postage prepaid, with a comiesy copy sent by email to 
counsel of record on June 11, 2020 to: 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
ANDREW W. HEYMANN, ESQ., 
WILLIAM BLUM, ESQ. 
SHARI D' ANDRADE, ESQ. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802-3602 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
aheymann@solb 1 um.com 
wblum@solblum.com 
sdandrade@kel 1 fer. com 
mwhalen@kellfer.com 
ANDREW TOMBACK 
WHITE & CASE, LLP 
1221 A venue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10020-1095 
United States 
Email: andrew.tomback@whitecase.com 
DANIEL WEINER 
MARC A. WEINSTEIN 
HUGHES HUBBARD & REID, LLP 
One Battery Park Plaza 
New York, NY 10004-1482 
United States 
Email: daniel.weiner@hugheshubbard.com 
mare. weinstein@hugheshubbard.com 
By ~ 
~YsQuiiui 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 

St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Email: ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov 
(340) 774-5666 ext. 10155 

IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff,  
vs. 
ESTATE 
OF 
JEFFREY 
E. 
EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his 
capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE 
OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
________________________________________ 
ORDER 
This matter comes before the Court on the Motion to Intervene (the “Motion”) filed by 
nonparty, the Government of the United States Virgin Islands (the “Government”). The Court 
being fully advised in the premises, it is hereby  
ORDERED, that the Government’s Motion is hereby DENIED; and it is further 
ORDERED, that a certified copy of this Order shall be distributed to counsel of record. 
Dated: ______________ 
__________________________________ 
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT 
ATTEST: 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Tamara Charles  
Clerk of the Court 
By: 
_________________________ 
Dated: _________________________ 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.09.08.001 Opposition.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.09.08.002 Opposition.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.09.08.002 Opposition.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff,  
vs. 
ESTATE 
OF 
JEFFREY 
E. 
EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his 
capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE 
OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
________________________________________ 
PLAINTIFF’S OPPOSITION TO DEFENDANTS’ MOTION TO DISMISS  
Plaintiff GHISLAINE MAXWELL (“Plaintiff”), by counsel, pursuant to V.I.R.Civ.P. 12, 
hereby opposes the Motion to Dismiss1 (the “Motion to Dismiss”) filed by Defendants DARREN 
K. INDYKE (“Indyke”) and RICHARD D. KAHN (“Kahn”) (collectively, the “Co-Executors”), 
in their capacity as Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Estate”), and on behalf 
of the Estate and NES, LLC (“NES”).  
I. 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT   
Defendants’ Motion to dismiss must be denied because its primary basis is now moot and 
it secondary arguments have no sufficient basis.  
First, Co-Executors’ argument that Plaintiff’s claim against them is premature in 
violation of 15 V.I.C § 606(a) is no longer viable. While the Co-Executors argue that they may 
The Motion to Dismiss is cited herein by page number as “MTD.”  
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OFTHE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
September 08, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 2 of 14 
not be sued until the expiration of twelve months from the granting of letters testamentary, that 
time has now passed. Under the Virgin Islands Supreme Court’s ruling in Ottley v. Estate of Bell, 
V.I. 480 (2014), this action may proceed against the Co-Executors.  
Next, Defendants’ argument that Plaintiff’s claim for common law indemnification is 
premature on the grounds that a judgment has not yet been rendered against her likewise must 
fail. Plaintiff has pleaded sufficient facts supporting each element of a claim for common law 
indemnification recognized in this jurisdiction.   
Finally, NES, LLC’s argument that Plaintiff’s claim for indemnification fails to state a 
claim is meritless and depends entirely on irrelevant matters that fall outside the four corners of 
the Complaint. NES, LLC improperly invites this Court to award it summary judgment on the 
merits of Plaintiff’s claim based on a company operating agreement adopted long after Plaintiff 
served as a company manager.  Because this document does not directly pertain to the allegations 
of the Complaint, this Court should exclude it from its consideration of the Motion to Dismiss 
and consider only the allegations in the Complaint (viewing these allegations and reasonable 
inferences therefrom in the light most favorable to Plaintiff). Since NES, LLC does not otherwise 
argue that Plaintiff fails to state a claim against it upon which relief can be granted, its motion 
must be denied.     
II. 
STANDARD  
A motion to dismiss under V.I. R. Civ. P. 12(b)(6) must be decided based upon V.I. R. 
Civ. P. 8’s pleading standards. The Virgin Islands is a “Notice” pleading jurisdiction. Under Rule 
8(a)(2), a claim for relief must contain “a short and plain statement of the claim showing that the 
pleader is entitled to relief-because this is a notice pleading jurisdiction ... .”  Rule 8’s adoption 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 3 of 14 
“eliminates the [federal] plausibility standard and instead will permit a complaint so long as it 
adequately alleges facts that put an accused party on notice of claims brought against it.”  Mills- 
Williams v. Mapp, 67 V.I. 574, 585 (V.I. 2017) (internal quotation marks and citation omitted); 
see also V.I. R. Civ. P. 8, Comment (this approach “declines to enter dismissals of cases based 
on failure to allege specific facts which, if established, plausibly entitle the pleader to relief.”). In 
applying this standard, the Court must “‘view the facts alleged in the pleadings and the 
inferences to be drawn from these facts, in the light most favorable to the plaintiff.’”  Pedro v. 
Ranger Am. of the V.I., Inc., 70 V.I. 251, 264 (Super. Ct. 2019) (quoting Benjamin v. AIG Ins. of 
P.R., 56 V.I. 558, 566 (V.I. 2012)). Rule 8 “will permit a complaint so long as it adequately 
alleges facts that put an accused party on notice of claims brought against it[,]”  Mills-Williams, 
V.I. at 585, and “declines to enter dismissals of cases based on failure to allege specific facts 
which, if established, plausibly entitle the pleader to relief,” V.I. R. Civ. P. 8, Comment.   
III. 
ARGUMENT 
A. 
The Estate May Be Sued In Its Own Capacity And Is Properly Named As A 
Defendant 
Defendants suggest in a footnote that it was improper for Plaintiff to name the Estate as 
defendant in this action because it “does not have a separate identity and may not be sued as a 
party.”  See MTD at 2 n.1.  Defendants do not cite any provision of Virgin Islands law in support 
of this argument. In fact, there is no provision of Virgin Islands law precluding an action against 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 4 of 14 
an estate, no Virgin Islands has held that it is improper to do so, and courts in this jurisdiction 
customarily allow it.2 
For example, in Ottley v. Estate of Bell, 61 V.I. 480 (2014), the Virgin Islands Supreme 
Court addressed a lawsuit naming an estate as defendant.  See id. at 486 (“Ottley named Bell’s 
estate, Eboni, and Gerard . . . as defendants in the action.”). In deciding the appeal, the Virgin 
Islands Supreme Court held that it was permissible for the plaintiff to sue the estate.  See id. at 
500 (“Ottley correctly named Bell’s estate as the defendant, and although not necessary, 
additionally listed the two heirs entitled to inherit her interest in the property.”). Consistent with 
this decision, Courts in the Virgin Islands have commonly recognized estates as legal entities 
that can sue and be sued. See, e.g., Laforce v. Estate of Laforce, 2019 WL 7987454, at *2 (V.I. 
Super. Dec. 27, 2019); Garvey v. Estate of Moorhead, 2016 WL 9503603, at *2 (V.I. Super. 
Aug. 1, 2016); Kalloo v. Estate of Small, 2015 WL 1514572, at *1 (V.I. Mar. 27, 2015); 
Guardian Ins. Co. v. Estate of Knight-David, 2015 WL 5782098, at *1 (V.I. Super. Sept. 30, 
2015); Estate of Ludington v. Jaber, 2011 WL 1304470, at *1 (V.I. Mar. 22, 2011). These 
decisions thus demonstrate that the Estate is properly subject to suit in this case.  
In sum, Defendants’ argument that the Estate may not be sued as a party is unsupported 
by any law, is inconsistent with the law and practice of this jurisdiction, and must be rejected.  
Defendants’ sole citation in support of their argument is to an American Jurisprudence 
treatise—which in turn relies on a single Illinois state court opinion from 1981—that clearly does 
not reflect the law or practice of this jurisdiction.  

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 5 of 14 
B. 
Plaintiff’s Claims Are Not Premature  
i. 
Plaintiff’s claims against the Co-Executors are ripe and 
may proceed  
First, the Co-Executors argue that Plaintiff’s claim against them is premature in violation 
of 15 V.I.C § 606(a). See MTD at 4. This statute provides that  
[a]n action may be commenced against an executor or 
administrator at any time after the expiration of twelve months 
from the granting of letters testamentary or of administration and 
until the final settlement of the estate and discharge of such 
executor or administrator from the trust, and not otherwise. 
Citing this provision, the Co-Executors argue that Plaintiff may not maintain an action against 
them “until September 6, 2020.” See MTD at 4. Since this date has now passed, the Co-
Executors argument under 15 V.I.C § 606 is now moot.  
Further, the fact that Plaintiff commenced this action before the conclusion of the twelve-
month letters testamentary period does not require dismissal. Facing this exact scenario, the 
Virgin Islands Supreme Court in Ottley v. Estate of Bell held that the Superior Court erred in 
dismissing a complaint for failure to comply with 15 V.I.C § 606 where the claim had ripened by 
the time the trial court dismissed it. 2014 WL 5471948, at *6 (“Because Ottley could have 
immediately refiled the complaint, and the law does not generally require a useless act, the 
Superior Court erred in dismissing Ottley’s complaint for the $60,000 debt on the basis of 
noncompliance with section 606(b).”) Thus, even assuming Plaintiff was not in compliance with 
Section 606(a) at the time she filed her Complaint, Plaintiff’s claims against the Co-Executors 
are now ripe by the Co-Executors’ own measure and may proceed.3 
15 V.I.C. § 606(b) further provides that “[a]n action against an executor or 
administrator shall not be commenced until the claim of the plaintiff has been duly presented to 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 6 of 14 
ii. 
Plaintiff’s common-law claim for indemnification is ripe 
and may proceed  
Second, Defendants suggest in a footnote that Plaintiff’s common-law claim for 
indemnification is premature on the grounds that “a party may not assert a common-law claim 
for indemnification in a separate action before a judgment has been rendered against her.” See 
MTD at 6 n.5.  
Defendants cite one case for this proposition, Willie v. Amerada Hess Corp., 2017 WL 
772808 (V.I. Super. Feb. 28, 2017). That case flatly contradicts Defendants’ suggestion and 
plainly does not require dismissal of Plaintiff’s claim here. In fact, Willie expressly allows a 
party to “plead” a common law indemnification claim before a judgment has been rendered. Id., 
at *30 (“The Court also agrees that before a party can prevail on, but not plead, a common law 
indemnification claim, there must have been a determination that the person who initially 
brought suit (in this case, Mr. Willie) was in fact injured.”) (Emphasis added.) Indeed, courts in 
this jurisdiction commonly allow claims for indemnification to proceed despite the absence of 
any underlying judgment. Vandenhouten v. Olde Towne Tours, LLC, 2009 WL 1956360, at *5 
(D.V.I. July 8, 2009) (“there is no merit to Francis's contention that any indemnity claim against 
him must await a determination that Olde Towne is liable to the Vandenhoutens”); Davis v. 
Sunrise Med. (US), LLC, 2013 WL 3775461, at *6 (D.V.I. July 17, 2013). 
Under Willie, upon which Defendants rely,  
[t]o state a claim for common law indemnification, the indemnitee 
must allege that (1) it has been or may be sued (2) for damages, (3) 
proximately caused by the indemnitor's actions or inactions, and 
such executor or administrator and by him disallowed.” Defendants do not—and could not—
claim that Plaintiff is in violation of this provision. Here, Plaintiff submitted a claim to the Estate 
and the Estate did not honor it.  Compl. ¶¶ 28-29.  

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 7 of 14 
(4) but for the relationship between the indemnitee and the 
indemnitor, the indemnitee would not have been sued or found 
liable. 
Willie, 2017 WL 772808, at *42 (emphasis added).4  
Here, Plaintiff has pleaded sufficient facts supporting each of these elements. First, 
Plaintiff alleges that she “has incurred and will continue to incur significant legal fees, personal 
Plaintiff does not necessarily concede that Willie properly states the elements of a 
common law indemnification claim in this jurisdiction. The Willie opinion, more than anything, 
demonstrates that this is not a settled area of law because the Virgin Islands Supreme Court has 
not yet spoken to the issue. In Willie, the Superior Court recognizes that a “key difference” 
between the Restatement (Second) of Tort and the Restatement (Third) of Tort regarding 
“Apportionment of Liability” centers on whether a pre-judgment claim is ultimately viable, and 
that the Restatement (Third) allows such claims while the earlier restatement does not. Id. at 30 
(citing Restatement (Third) of Torts: Apportionment of Liability § 22(a)). Nevertheless, the 
Superior Court in Willie ultimately held that it would require an underlying judgment before 
entering any judgment on the merits on a common law claim for indemnification.  
The Superior Court reached the opposite conclusion in In re Kelvin Manbodh Asbestos 
Litig. Series, 2006 WL 1084317 (V.I. Super. Mar. 6, 2006). In Manbodh, the Superior Court 
(through now-Justice, Hon. Maria Cabret) held that the rule for common law indemnification 
claims contained in the Restatement (Third) of Tort is the majority rule and the best rule for the 
USVI:  
In sum, while both the Restatement (Second) and the Restatement 
(Third) contain more modern approaches to common law 
contribution and indemnification, the Restatement (Third) 
represents the current majority substantive law. In the Restatement 
(Third), the drafters promote the interests of both flexibility and 
judicial economy by supplying security for settlors. ... For all of 
these reasons, and in an effort to establish the best total set of rules 
by bridging the gaps in substantive tort law, this Court 
acknowledges the current majority rule and adopts the provisions 
of the Restatement (Third) of Torts: Apportionment of Liability, 
Topic 3 for the substantive requirements for common law 
contribution and indemnification. 
Id. at *10. It is likely that the Virgin Islands Supreme Court would reach the same conclusion, as 
that Court has acknowledged that a “strong preference exists for following the most recent 
Restatement over an older version.” Banks v. Int'l Rental & Leasing Corp., 2011 WL 6299025, at 
*6 (V.I. Dec. 15, 2011).  

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 8 of 14 
security costs, and other costs in connection with legal suits, proceedings, and investigations 
relating to Epstein, his affiliated businesses, and his alleged victims.” Compl. ¶ 25. Second, 
Plaintiff alleges that she “incurred these legal fees and expenses as a direct result of Epstein’s 
acts and/or omissions.” Compl. ¶ 43. Finally, Plaintiff alleges that “[t]he suits, proceedings, 
and/or investigations for which Maxwell seeks indemnification were instituted against Maxwell 
solely because she was an employee of Epstein and his affiliated businesses.” Compl. ¶ 42. 
For all of the foregoing reasons, Plaintiff’s claim for common law indemnification is 
viable.   
C. 
NES, LLC’s Request That The Court Consider Matters Outside The 
Pleadings Should Be Rejected  
Defendants argue that Plaintiff’s claim for indemnification against NES, LLC fails 
because “NES has no obligation to indemnify [Plaintiff] for or advance her fees and expenses” 
under the “Operating Agreement of NES, LLC dated January 1, 2014” (hereinafter, the “2014 
Operating Agreement”). See MTD at 6. While Plaintiff did not expressly reference or premise 
her claims on the 2014 Operating Agreement, Defendants submit a copy of this Operating 
Agreement with its Opposition and invites the Court to consider it as part of the “pleadings.” See 
MTD at 6.  In other words, NES, LLC seeks judgment on the merits of this claim based entirely 
on matters outside the pleadings. 
In ruling on a pre-answer motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim for relief, courts 
“‘assume all reasonable factual allegations in the complaint as true and draw all fair inferences 
from such allegations.’” Arno v. Hess Corp., 2019 WL 5295588, at *14 (citation omitted). “The 
basic purpose of a motion to dismiss is to test the legal sufficiency of the complaint to state an 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 9 of 14 
actionable claim, not to test the truth of the facts alleged in the complaint.” Id. (emphasis 
added) (citation omitted).  
 “[C]ourts [in the Virgin Islands] have the discretion to exclude extra-pleading materials 
attached to a motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim for relief.” Stanley v. Virgin Islands 
Bureau of Corr., 2020 WL 1639902, at *4 (V.I. Super. Apr. 1, 2020) (citing Howell v. U.S.V.I. 
Police Dep't, 67 V.I. 149, 158 n.4 (Super. Ct. 2016)). In Howell, the defendant submitted two 
documents with its pre-answer motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim. Howell, 67 V.I. 149, 
158 n.4. Finding that those documents “[did] not directly pertain to any allegation asserted in the 
complaint” and “[were] not relevant to deciding the present motion to dismiss,” the Court did not 
convert the motion to a motion for summary judgment and decided the motion based on the 
allegations in the complaint. Id.  
Here, Defendants fail to demonstrate the relevance of its extraneous submission. 
Defendants ask this Court to accept, without a verified statement5, that the 2014 Operating 
Agreement is the controlling document here. Indeed, the document raises more questions than it 
answers. According to the first page of the 2014 Operating Agreement, NES, LLC was formed in 
1998. Presumably, there exist earlier operating agreements relating to the company. Plaintiff may 
enjoy rights under prior LLC operating agreements. See, e.g., Branin v. Stein Roe Inv. Counsel, 
LLC, 2014 WL 2961084, at *8 (Del. Ch. June 30, 2014) (finding that an enforceable right to 
The rules in fact require the Court to reject Defendants’ unverified statements regarding 
the 2014 Operating Agreement and otherwise. See V.I.R.Civ.P. 6-1(d) (requiring that “then-
available” affidavits and other documents supporting a party's position to be filed simultaneously 
with a motion that contains allegations of fact not appearing of record). For example, Defendants 
apparently ask the Court to conclude based on the representation of its counsel, without any 
independent support, that Plaintiff has engaged in “fraud, gross negligence, or reckless or 
intentional misconduct.” See MTD at 7.    

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 10 of 14 
indemnification can vest in accordance with the terms of an operating agreement such that it may 
not thereafter be rescinded by a later amendment to the agreement).  
Further Plaintiff was a manager of the LLC during the mid-2000s, well before the 
effective date of the 2014 Operating Agreement. Compl. ¶¶ 15; 46. The company thus had a 
different management structure, and surely a different operating agreement, at the time that 
Plaintiff was a company manager. Plaintiff is entitled to discover all circumstances surrounding 
the company and its indemnification and/or advancement rights and policies over time, including 
any in effect during her time as manager, before she is required to respond to Defendants’ 
motion seeking judgment on the merits of the claim. Plaintiff is not able to do so now due to the 
Estate’s refusal to voluntarily provide any documents relating to the company. See Compl. ¶51 
(“By ... letter dated November 22, 2019 [to the Co-Executors], Maxwell requested copies of 
documents setting forth applicable indemnification and/or advancement rights and policies, 
including any operating agreements for NES, LLC, and never received a response.”)  
Defendants themselves suggest that the Court should consider the 2014 Operating 
Agreement pursuant to the so-called “incorporation-by-reference” doctrine, claiming that 
Plaintiff “expressly incorporates by reference NES’s corporate organizational documents in her 
Complaint.” See MTD at 6 n.6. This doctrine is not applicable here.6 The “incorporation-by-
reference” doctrine allows a court to “review the actual document referenced in the complaint” 
The “incorporation-by-reference” doctrine has not been expressly adopted by the Virgin 
Islands Supreme Court, has not been widely embraced in the Virgin Islands, and Defendants 
ultimately fail to establish that this jurisdiction should recognize this common law rule. See Gov't 
of the V.I. v. Connor, 2014 WL 702639, at *3 (V.I. Feb 24, 2014), referencing Banks v. Int'l 
Rental & Leasing Corp., 55 V.I. 967 (V.I.2011) (“[T]he Superior Court, when considering a 
question not foreclosed by prior precedent ... must perform a three-part analysis as set forth in 
Banks”).  

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 11 of 14 
to ensure that language has not been taken out of context. Hess Oil Virgin Islands Corp. v. 
Daniel, 2020 WL 1819622, at *8 (V.I. Super. Apr. 8, 2020) (emphasis added). Unlike the Hess 
case, upon which Defendants rely, Plaintiff’s Complaint does not expressly reference the 2014 
Operating Agreement, which is, in any event, not relevant to the claims here. Plaintiff did not 
incorporate by reference any particular version of the operating agreement because she was 
unable to do so.  The operative operating agreements are not in her possession. Plaintiff asked 
the Estate for documents pertaining to NES, LLC before commencing this action but was 
refused. The “incorporation-by-reference” doctrine is therefore inapplicable here.7   
Finally, in the event that this Court elects to consider the extraneous documents submitted 
by Defendants with their Motion to Dismiss, thereby converting the motion to a Rule 56 motion 
for summary judgment, Plaintiff asks that she have a reasonable opportunity to conduct the 
discovery described herein.  Rule 12(d) provides that: 
If, on a motion under Rule 12(b)(6) or 12(c), matters outside the 
pleadings are presented to and not excluded by the court, the 
motion must be treated as one for summary judgment under Rule 
56. All parties must be given a reasonable opportunity to 
present all the material that is pertinent to the motion. 
To the extent Defendants suggest that the 2014 Operating Agreement is not a “matter 
outside the pleading” for some other reason, any such suggestion too must fail. “[A]ny written or 
oral evidence introduced challenging the pleadings that ‘does not merely reiterate what is said in 
the pleadings, will constitute a matter outside the pleading for the purpose of triggering a 
conversion, if not excluded.’” Raymond v. Assefa, 2017 WL 5303467, at *3 (V.I. Super. Nov. 8, 
2017) (citing In re Kelvin Manbodh Asbestos Litigation Series, 47 V.I. 375, 382 (V.I. Super 
2006. A court may only consider, without requiring the conversion of a motion the following: 
“(1) exhibits attached to the pleadings, (2) matters that the court can take judicial notice of [sic], 
and (3) items of unquestioned authenticity that are referred to in the challenged pleading and are 
integral to the pleader's claim for relief.” Id. The 2014 Operating Agreement falls into none of 
these categories. 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 12 of 14 
V.I.R.Civ.P. 12(d) (emphasis added). The Virgin Islands Supreme Court has repeatedly 
reinforced the requirement that a non-moving party have notice and a fair opportunity to be 
heard with respect to any grounds for summary judgment raised sua sponte. United Corp. v. 
Hamed, 2016 WL 154893, at *5 (V.I. Jan. 12, 2016); Raymond v. Assefa, 2017 WL 5303467, at 
*3 (V.I. Super. Nov. 8, 2017) (listing Virgin Islands Supreme Court cases). Failure to give a non-
moving party adequate notice before conversion constitutes reversible error. Stanley, 2020 WL 
1639902, at *5.  
Here, NES, LLC may not be permitted to obtain a summary judgment on Plaintiff’s claim 
for indemnification before Plaintiff has a reasonable opportunity to conduct essential discovery. 
NES, LLC has not moved to dismiss the Complaint because Plaintiff failed to state a claim for 
relief. Instead, NES, LLC seeks judgment on the merits. The applicable rules of procedure 
contemplate that a party may conduct necessary discovery before a response to a Rule 56 motion 
must be made. See, e.g., V.I.R.Civ.P. 56(d) (“If a nonmovant shows by affidavit or declaration 
that, for specified reasons, it cannot present facts essential to justify its opposition, the court may 
... defer considering the motion or deny it; ... allow time to obtain affidavits or declarations or to 
take discovery; or ... issue any other appropriate order.”).8 Here, this necessary discovery is 
exclusively in the possession of NES, LLC and the other Defendants. The Court should therefore 
deny NES, LLC’s Rule 56 motion so that the parties can conduct discovery on the issues 
presented therein.  
In sum, because the 2014 Operating Agreement does not “directly pertain to any 
allegation asserted in the [C]omplaint,” the Court should exclude it from its consideration of the 
Plaintiff reserves the right to file a motion pursuant to V.I.R.Civ.P. 56(d) in the event 
that Defendants’ Motion to Dismiss is converted to a Rule 56 motion for summary judgment.     

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 13 of 14 
Motion to Dismiss and consider only the allegations in the Complaint. See Howell, supra, at 158 
n.4 (emphasis added).  In the event the Court elects to consider this agreement and converts the 
Motion to Dismiss to a Rule 56 motion, Plaintiff asks that consideration of such motion be 
deferred until she can conduct necessary discovery.  
IV. 
CONCLUSION 
Defendants’ arguments in support of dismissal lack legal support and must fail. Their 
Motion to Dismiss therefore should be denied. 
Dated: September 8, 2020  
QUINTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A.  
Attorneys for Plaintiff  
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
T: (340) 693-0230 
F: (340) 693-0300  
By:  
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com       
V.I. Bar No.:  1038 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
Page 14 of 14 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing, which complies with 
the word and page requirements of V.I.R.Civ.P. 6-1(e), was served via email and U.S. Mail this 
8th day of September, 2020 to:   
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
ckroblin@kellfer.com    
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. (AAG) 
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
Office of the Attorney General  
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov  
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
 kwaldner@qpwblaw.com       
 V.I. Bar No.: 1038 

IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-20-CV-155 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff,  
vs. 
ESTATE 
OF 
JEFFREY 
E. 
EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his 
capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE 
OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
________________________________________ 
ORDER 
This matter comes before the Court on the Motion to Dismiss (the “Motion”) filed by 
Defendants DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, in their capacity as Co-Executors 
of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Estate”), and on behalf of the Estate, and NES, LLC 
(“NES”). The Court being fully advised in the premises, it is hereby  
ORDERED, that the Motion is hereby DENIED; and it is further 
ORDERED, that a certified copy of this Order shall be distributed to counsel of record. 
Dated: ______________ 
__________________________________ 
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT 
ATTEST: 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
Tamara Charles  
Clerk of the Court 
By: 
_________________________ 
Dated: _________________________ 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.09.08.002 Opposition.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.09.22 Exhibit M.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.09.22 Exhibit M.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT 
M 
IN THE SUP.ERJOR COURT 
OFTHE VIRGI 
ISLAND 
FILED 
September 22, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

September 15, 2020 
By E-Filing 
Honorable Carolyn P. Hermon-Percell 
Superior Court of the U.S. Virgin Islands 
Magistrate Division 
Barbell Plaza South 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 
Re: 
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Probate No. ST-19-PB-80 
Dear Magistrate Hermon-Percell: 
We write on behalf of the Estate in response to the Government’s September 10, 2020 letter.  The 
Government’s letter, as well as the Government’s August 18, 2020 letter, is yet further confirmation 
that the Attorney General is improperly usurping the roles of the Court and the Co-Executors in this 
probate proceeding.  Although the Attorney General’s liens are invalid, she is unfairly making use of 
the fact that there is no assigned judge in that case to rule on the Co-Executors’ motions to vacate 
those liens and dismiss that action.  Just as Your Honor directed the Attorney General in February 
2020 to lift her liens to allow the Estate to operate, the Court should do so again here, where the 
Attorney General is crippling the administration of the Estate. 
The Attorney General’s suggestion in her August 18 Letter1 that the Co-Executors seek to conceal 
information about the administration of the Estate is not only unfounded, unfair, and misleading, it is 
squarely at odds with reality.  By making those accusations, the Attorney General not only suggests 
that the Government is entitled to such information -- it is not -- but also pretends that the 
Government does not already have that information and that the Co-Executors are improperly seeking 
to withhold it.  That is false:  the Attorney General has issued two subpoenas, purportedly as a 
discovery tool in the Government’s ongoing investigation, to FirstBank for records of the Estate’s 
operating account.  The first subpoena, served in February 2020, covered the period from 1998 
through February 2020.  The second subpoena, served in June 2020, called for all records of every 
transaction conducted from the Estate’s operating account from February 1, 2020 through June 30, 
2020.  Putting aside whether those subpoenas, issued without notice to the Estate, comport with the 
legitimate exercise of the Government’s authority under CICO, they provide the Government with 
the very information it complains to the Court it needs to release funds for administration of the 
Estate.  The Estate has confirmed that FirstBank produced records for every transaction, of every 
size, conducted by the Estate from that account through June 30, 2020.  For example, the Attorney 
General, having received and reviewed such records, required FirstBank to provide additional 
To the extent the Attorney General served her August 18 letter on counsel for the Estate, we are not aware 
of that service and were not aware of that letter until the Attorney General attached it to her September 10 
filing.  That is the only reason the Estate did not previously respond to the Attorney General’s August 18 letter. 
Kellerhals Ferguson Kroblin PLLc 
Royal Palms Professional Building, 9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101, St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
340.779.2564 Telephone I 1.888.316.9269 Fax I www.kellfer.com 

Letter to Honorable Carolyn P. Hermon-Percell 
September 15, 2020 
Page 2 
information for 37 transactions during the period May through June 2020 which were described 
generically on the account statements as “ACH Offset.”  These transactions for which the Attorney 
General required such additional information included 16 transactions involving less than $1,000, two 
of which were for as little as $60.  FirstBank provided the requested detail for all of the 37 
transactions.  Thus, the Attorney General’s suggestion that she needs information for transactions 
above $5,000 is disingenuous, since the Attorney General has information about every transaction by 
the Estate down to the penny. 
The Attorney General also argues that the Estate is trying to “protect participants in Epstein’s criminal 
enterprise” simply because the Estate is indemnifying certain current and former employees of and 
professionals on behalf of one or more defendants in the Attorney General’s suit.  The Attorney 
General has it backwards.  Despite the fact that the Estate has a long-pending motion to stay discovery 
in the Attorney General’s suit, and the Court in that action has not adopted a discovery plan for that 
matter, the Attorney General continues to serve wide-ranging subpoenas to a swath of individuals and 
entities, including certain defendants in that action as well as current and former employees and 
professionals.  Given the Attorney General’s penchant for leveling serious (and false) accusations 
against any individual associated with Mr. Epstein, and her apparent belief that any financial 
transaction conducted by Mr. Epstein or his various entities somehow constitutes a criminal act, many 
current and former employees have determined that they need counsel.  Many cannot afford counsel.  
And many have understandably requested indemnification for legal fees for legal representation, which 
they otherwise cannot afford.  It is deeply troubling that a government law enforcement agency 
contends that affording individuals the opportunity for legal representation in the face of a scope-less 
law enforcement investigation constitutes an act of concealment.   
Finally, the Attorney General’s suggestion that Co-Executor Indyke “structured” financial transactions 
is absolutely false and libelous.  To make such a baseless accusation in a letter to the Court is not only 
unprofessional and unbecoming of the Territory’s highest law enforcement officer, it betrays an 
ongoing effort by the Attorney General to intimidate the Co-Executors intended to prevent them 
from carrying out their fiduciary duties.  While the Court expressly directed the Attorney General to 
permit the Co-Executors to administer the Estate and exercise their fiduciary duties in doing so, the 
Attorney General appears intent on ignoring the Court’s instructions.  
As set forth in our letters dated August 14 and September 9, 2020, we urgently ask the Court to 
schedule a videoconference to resolve this matter, or alternatively, to issue an Order for the Attorney 
General to release the liens on the Estate’s FirstBank account in the amount requested in the Estate’s 
correspondence with the Attorney General.  The Estate is on the verge of suffering irreparable harm. 
Respectfully submitted, 
Christopher Allen Kroblin 
Counsel for the Co-Executors  
cc: 
Counsel of record 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.09.22 Exhibit M.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.09.22 Reply Motion.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.09.22 Reply Motion.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
******************************** 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
)  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
) 
vs. 
) 
) 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN 
) 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
) 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN,  
) 
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
) 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. ) 
EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
) 
Liability Company, 
) 
Defendant.  
) 
__________________________________________) 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS’  
REPLY BRIEF IN SUPPORT OF MOTION TO INTERVENE 
The Government of the United States Virgin Islands (“Government”), by and through its 
undersigned counsel, hereby submits this Reply Brief in support of its motion for an order 
permitting the Government to intervene in this action as of right pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(a) 
or else by leave pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(b).  The Government states in further support of its 
motion as follows. 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
The Government moves to intervene in this action by Plaintiff Ghislaine Maxwell seeking 
indemnification and advancement of legal expenses from Defendants the Estate of Jeffrey E. 
Epstein and its Co-Executors—Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn—on two distinct but 
closely related grounds.  First, the Government has an interest in preserving Epstein Estate funds 
to satisfy a judgment in its pending action against Defendants alleging that Epstein and others 
IN THE SUP.ERJOR COURT 
OFTHE VIRGI 
ISLAND 
FILED 
September 22, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

engaged in a criminal sex-trafficking enterprise in the Virgin Islands for which the Government 
seeks forfeiture, divestiture, disgorgement, and payment of civil penalties and damages under the 
Criminally Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (“CICO”), 14 V.I.C. §§ 601 et seq.  Second, 
the Government has an investigatory interest in Maxwell’s involvement with Epstein’s criminal 
sex-trafficking and sexual abuse conduct pursuant to its authority under CICO, 14 V.I.C. § 612, 
which Maxwell has thwarted by resisting and evading service of the Government’s investigatory 
subpoena, even while she has invoked the jurisdiction of the Virgin Islands Courts to obtain 
indemnification for the very same alleged conduct. 
Maxwell opposes the Government’s motion to intervene on numerous grounds, none of 
which have merit.  First, Maxwell contends she lacks sufficient notice of the Government’s claims 
because it failed to attach a pleading as required by V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(c).  This is incorrect.  The 
Government attached as Exhibit A to its motion the Amended Complaint in its CICO action setting 
forth all of its claims against Defendants and the factual bases therefor.  The CICO Complaint 
serves Rule 24’s purpose of giving the parties notice of what the Government’s claims and interests 
are.  See, e.g., U.S. v. Metro St. Louis Sewer Dist., 589 F.3d 829, 834 (8th Cir. 2009) (“Appellees 
argue that MIEC’s failure to submit a pleading is sufficient to deny its motion to intervene, but we 
conclude that the statement of interest satisfies Rule 24(c) because it provides sufficient notice to 
the court and the parties of MIEC’s interests.”); Massachusetts v. Microsoft Corp., 373 F.3d 1199, 
1236 n.19 (D.C. Cir. 2004) (“The Government and Microsoft make no claim they had inadequate 
notice of the intervenors’ appeal, and we find no reason to bar intervention based solely upon this 
technical [lack of pleading] defect, if defect it be.”).  Maxwell and the Epstein Estate have ample 
notice of the Government’s claims and interests. 

Second, Maxwell argues that the Government’s pending CICO claims against Defendants 
do not provide a sufficient interest because they are contingent, not yet having been litigated to 
judgment.  Maxwell relies almost entirely on federal court cases within the Third Circuit for this 
argument.  These cases are not controlling.  See Bruni v. Alger, 71 V.I. 71, 76 n.11 (Super. Ct. 
2019) (decisions interpreting federal rules of procedure are persuasive, not binding, authority as to 
analogous Virgin Islands Rules provisions).  Here, far more persuasive are decisions in at least six 
other federal Circuits rejecting the Third Circuit’s analysis and holding that a pending claim may 
provide a sufficient interest for intervention in the defendant’s coverage action.  See, e.g., Utahns 
for Better Transp. v. U.S. Dept. of Tramsp., 295 F.3d 1111, 1115-16 (10th Cir. 2002) (“The threat 
of economic injury from the outcome of litigation undoubtedly gives a petitioner the requisite 
interest [in intervention as of right].”); Security Ins. Co. v. Schipporeit, Inc., 69 F.3d 1377, 1380-
(7th Cir. 1995); Teague v. Baker, 931 F.2d 259, 261 (4th Cir. 1991); TIG Specialty Ins. Co. v. 
Fin. Web.com, Inc., 208 F.R.D. 336, 338 (M.D. Fla. 2002); St. Paul Fire & Marine Ins. Co. v. 
Summit-Warren Ind’s Co., 143 F.R.D. 129, 134 (N.D. Ohio 1992); New Hampshire Ins. Co. v. 
Greaves, 110 F.R.D. 549, 552 (D.R.I. 1986).  The Government has a clear and sufficient interest 
in the outcome of this action. 
Third, Maxwell argues that intervention is unnecessary because the Government’s interest 
in ensuring availability of the Epstein Estate’s funds is secured by the Government’s Criminal 
Activity Liens placed pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 610.  This is incorrect because the Government’s 
Criminal Activity Liens under CICO are limited to Epstein’s funds or property situated or owned 
in the Virgin Islands, see 14 V.I.C. § 610(e)(1)-(2), and because the Epstein Estate is fighting 
enforcement of the Government’s Liens at every turn.  See Exhibit M hereto (Letter of Counsel 
for Epstein Estate and Co-Executors to Probate Court, Sept. 15, 2020) at 2 (“[W]e urgently ask the 

Court to . . . issue an Order for the Attorney General to release the liens on the Estate’s FirstBank 
account in the amount [$7,200,000] requested in the Estate’s correspondence with the Attorney 
General.”). 
Finally, Maxwell argues that the Government’s interest in the outcome of this case is 
adequately protected by the Epstein Estate’s interest in protecting its own funds.  This, too, is 
incorrect.  Numerous of the above-cited federal courts reject the same argument that the parties to 
a coverage action can adequately represent the interests of a tort claimant.  See, e.g., Security Ins., 
F.3d at 1381; Teague, 931 F.3d at 262.  Here, the Epstein Estate and its Co-Executors clearly 
are inadequate to represent the Government’s interest in preserving Estate funds because 
• Maxwell herself pleads that “Indyke, in his capacity as Executor of the Estate, also 
made assurances to Maxwell that Maxwell’s legal fees and obligations would be 
reimbursed by Epstein and the Estate . . . .”  Complaint, ¶ 21; and 
• Indyke and Kahn admit that “the Estate is indemnifying certain current and former 
employees of and professionals on behalf of one or more defendants in the Attorney 
General’s suit.”  Ex. M (Letter of Counsel for Epstein Estate and Co-Executors to 
Probate Court, Sept. 15, 2020) at 2. 
There thus is no question that the Co-Executors are not acting to preserve Estate funds.  The 
Government’s interest in preservation thus is not adequately represented by the Epstein Estate or 
its Co-Executors, the Defendants in the Government’s CICO enforcement action. 
For all of these reasons and as set forth more fully below, the Court should grant the 
Government’s motion to intervene. 
ARGUMENT 
A. 
The Motion Gives Ample Notice of the Government’s Claims and Interests. 
Maxwell begins her opposition by arguing that the Government’s motion to intervene is 
“procedurally defective” because it does not attach a pleading as required by Rule 24(c) and that, 
because of this alleged failure, the motion “does not adequately provide notice to Plaintiff of the 

precise nature of [the Government’s] claims.”  Opposition at 3-4.  This argument is factually 
and/or legally incorrect. 
Rule 24 provides that a motion to intervene “must state the grounds for intervention and be 
accompanied by a pleading that sets out the claim or defense for which intervention is sought.”  
V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(c).  The Government satisfied this requirement by attaching as Exhibit A to its 
motion its First Amended Complaint in its CICO action against Defendants the Epstein Estate and 
its Co-Executors and others.  The CICO Complaint is 54 pages, contains 114 paragraphs of factual 
allegations, and states 24 separate counts setting forth the legal grounds for each item of relief the 
Government seeks from Defendants.  The Government also attached as Exhibit B its CICO 
Subpoena Duces Tecum, the service of which Maxwell previously resisted and evaded, which 
states clearly that the Government is seeking documents from her related to “the rape, abuse, 
exploitation and trafficking of young women and underage girls by Jeffrey E. Epstein and his 
associates” in violation of Virgin Islands law.  Maxwell does not even address the Government’s 
submission of its CICO Complaint or Subpoena, let alone explain how or why they do not satisfy 
the Rule’s requirement of a pleading to give notice of interest. 
Since Maxwell ignores the Government’s attached CICO Complaint and Subpoena, she 
does not address whether or how Rule 24(c) contemplates something different.  But even if it did, 
this would be purely a matter of form, not substance, because the CICO Complaint and subpoena 
clearly satisfy the pleading provision’s purpose—to give the litigating parties notice of the 
intervening party’s claims and interest.  See generally In re L.O.F., 62 V.I. 655, 665 (2015) (“It is 
a settled rule that in the construction of statutes an interpretation is never to be adopted that would 
defeat the purpose of the enactment.”) (internal quotation marks and citation omitted). 

This is the conclusion reached by numerous federal circuit courts of appeal in applying the 
identical pleading provision of Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(c).  See Peaje Invs. LLC v. Garcia-Padilla, 845 
F.3d 505, 515 (1st Cir. 2017) (“Accordingly, denial of a motion to intervene based solely on the 
movant’s failure to attach a pleading, absent prejudice to any party, constitutes an abuse of 
discretion.”); Metro St. Louis, supra, 569 F.3d at 834 (“[T]he statement of interest satisfies Rule 
24(c) because it provides sufficient notice to the court and the parties of MIEC’s interests.”); 
Providence Baptist Church v. Hillandale Comm., Ltd., 425 F.3d 309, 314 (6th Cir. 2005) 
(“Furthermore, neither party has ever claimed that any prejudice would result from granting the 
motion to intervene despite the failure to attach a pleading; the parties are clearly on notice as to 
Hillandale Committee’s position and arguments.”); Mass. v. Microsoft, supra, 373 F.3d at 1236 
n.19 (“The Government and Microsoft make no claim they had inadequate notice of the 
intervenors’ appeal, and we find no reason to bar intervention based solely upon this technical 
defect, if defect it be.”). 
Since Maxwell cannot plausibly claim lack of notice of the Government’s interests in 
preservation of the Epstein Estate’s funds and in service of its CICO investigatory subpoena, her 
argument for denial of intervention based upon Rule 24(c) fails and should be rejected. 
B. 
The Government Has a Clear and Sufficient Interest in the Outcome of this 
Action. 
Maxwell next argues that the Government’s interest in preservation of Epstein Estate funds 
is insufficient for intervention because the interest is “contingent” until a judgment is entered in 
the Government’s CICO action against the Estate.  The Court should reject this argument because 
it relies upon an overly rigid and stringent conception of the “interest” that supports intervention 
as of right under Rule 24(a)(2). 

Maxwell cites as support for her argument decisions of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
Third Circuit and the U.S. District Court for the District of the Virgin Islands, which was bound 
by Third Circuit precedent.  See Opposition at 6-7 (citing Mountain Top Condo Ass’n v. Dave 
Stabbert Master Builder, Inc., 72 F.3d 261, 366 (3d Cir. 1995); Gen. Star Indem. Co. v. V.I. Port 
Auth., 224 F.R.D. 372, 375-76 (D.V.I. 2004)).  These decisions, however, both applying Federal 
Rule 24, are not controlling on this Court’s application of Virgin Islands Rule 24.  See, e.g., Bruni 
v. Alger, supra, 71 V.I. at 76 n.11 (decisions applying Federal Rules of Civil Procedure are 
persuasive, not binding authority, as to analogous Virgin Islands Rules). 
Here, the Court should not find the Third Circuit’s interpretation of Federal Rule 24 
persuasive because it is contrary to decisions of courts in at least six other federal circuits—the 
First, Fourth, Sixth, Seventh, Tenth, and Eleventh Circuits—which find that the holder of a 
pending claim may have a sufficient interest to intervene in a related coverage case.  See Utahns 
for Better Transp., supra, 295 F.3d at 1115 (“The threat of economic injury from the outcome of 
litigation undoubtedly gives a petition the requisite interest” to intervene); Security Ins. Co., supra, 
F.3d at 1380-81 (affirming grant of intervention by tort claimant in coverage action); Teague, 
supra, 931 F.2d at 261 (“[O]ther [courts] have allowed intervention in a dispute between an insurer 
and its insured even when the intervenor’s interest is contingent on the outcome of other litigation.  
We find the reasoning of this latter authority persuasive.”) (citations omitted); TIG Specialty Ins. 
Co., supra, 208 F.R.D. at 338 (potential deprivation of source of recovery if intervenor prevails on 
its claim is a sufficient interest); St. Paul Fire & Marine, supra, 143 F.R.D. at 134 (“There is 
nothing in the wording or history of Rule 24 which indicates intent to exclude would be intervenors 
whose interest in the pending litigation is not yet vested.”) (quoting New Hampshire Ins. Co., 
supra, 110 F.R.D. at 552); see also Romero v. Bd. of Cty. Comm’rs, 313 F.R.D. 133, 140 (D.N.M. 

2016) (“[T]he Tenth Circuit and numerous other Courts of Appeal have permitted intervenors with 
a contingent interest to intervene.”). 
In Teague, supra, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit held that class action 
plaintiffs seeking to intervene in a coverage action involving the class action defendant had a 
sufficient interest because they “stand to gain or lose by the direct legal operation of the district 
court’s judgment” in the coverage case.  931 F.2d at 261.  That same conclusion applies here.  If 
this Court rules that the Epstein Estate must indemnify Maxwell for claims related to her 
relationship with Epstein and to “advance” her attorneys’ fees (while she is in prison awaiting trial 
on federal criminal charges), then the Government stands to lose funds for the satisfaction of a 
judgment in its CICO action against the Epstein Estate. 
Maxwell also argues that the Government’s separate but related investigatory interest under 
CICO as to her involvement with Epstein’s conduct is not sufficient to support intervention.  See 
Opposition at 12-14.  Maxwell focuses primarily on the Government’s ability to enforce its CICO 
subpoena by other means, rather than on the investigatory interest itself.  The Government’s 
interest is established by statute, 14 V.I.C. § 612(a), and involves the same subject matter as this 
action—Maxwell’s relationship to the Epstein Enterprise’s conduct.  Compare Maxwell 
Complaint, ¶ 1 (“This is an action for indemnification for and advancement of the attorneys’ fees, 
security costs, costs to find safe accommodation, and all other expenses Maxwell has reasonably 
incurred and will incur by reason of her employment relationship with Jeffrey E. Epstein 
(‘Epstein’) and his affiliated businesses . . . .”); with Gov’t Ex. B (CICO Subpoena) (seeking 
documents from Maxwell related to “the rape, abuse, exploitation and trafficking of young women 
and underage girls by Jeffrey E. Epstein and his associates” in violation of Virgin Islands law).  
This related interest thus provides an additional basis supporting the Government’s intervention. 

Based on the substantial weight and persuasive force of the foregoing authority applying 
the analogous federal rules provision, the Court should hold that the Government’s pending CICO 
claims against the Epstein Estate provide it with a clear and sufficient interest to intervene to ensure 
preservation of Estate funds.  
C. 
The Government’s Interest in Preserving Epstein Estate Funds for Payment 
of a Judgment May Be Impaired Absent Allowance of Intervention. 
Maxwell separately argues that the Government’s interest in preservation of Epstein Estate 
funds will not be impaired by any judgment or resolution of this action because the Government 
has placed Criminal Activity Liens on certain Estate assets pursuant to 14 V.I.C. § 610.  See 
Opposition at 10-11.  The Court should reject this argument because it ignores the difference in 
scope between all Epstein Estate assets and those covered by the Government’s Criminal Activity 
Liens. 
CICO’s Criminal Activity Lien provisions permit the Government to place liens upon a 
CICO defendant’s property that is “situated in the Territory of the Virgin Islands” or its “beneficial 
interest” that is “located in the Territory of the Virgin Islands.”  14 V.I.C. § 610(e)(1)-(2).  Maxwell 
acknowledges this territorial limitation.  See Opposition at 10 (“These liens cover all real and 
personal property located in the Virgin Islands in the name or under the signatory authority of 
the Estate.”) (emphasis in original). 
The Government’s claims for forfeiture, divestiture, maximum civil penalties per violation, 
treble and punitive damages, and disgorgement of ill-gotten gains under CICO, see Ex. A-CICO 
Complaint at 53-54 (Prayer for Relief), are not so limited.  See 14 V.I.C. § 607(c), (e) (provisions 
for awarding damages and civil penalties, without territorial limit). 
Since the Epstein Estate assets covered by the Government’s Criminal Activity Liens are 
not co-extensive with the relief the Government may obtain through a judgment on its CICO 

claims, the Court should reject Maxwell’s argument that the Liens alone are sufficient to secure 
the Government’s interests without intervention. 
Although the foregoing suffices to reject Maxwell’s argument, it also bears emphasis that 
Defendants the Epstein Estate and its Co-Executors are resisting and seeking to evade the 
Government’s Criminal Activity Liens at every turn.  As just one example, even though the 
Attorney General and the Superior Court in the CICO action have sole and exclusive authority to 
release funds covered by the Liens, see 14 V.I.C. § 610(r) (Attorney General’s authority), (t) 
(CICO Court’s authority), the Co-Executors repeatedly have asked and currently are asking the 
Probate Court to order release of over $7,000,000 covered by the Government’s Criminal Activity 
Liens.  See Ex. M hereto (Letter of Counsel for Epstein Estate and Co-Executors to Probate Court, 
Sept. 15, 2020) at 2 (“[W]e urgently ask the Court to . . . issue an Order for the Attorney General 
to release the liens on the Estate’s FirstBank account in the amount [$7,200,000] requested in the 
Estate’s correspondence with the Attorney General.”).  While these requests have no legal merit, 
their existence is at least relevant to Maxwell’s assertion that the Government’s interest are 
absolutely secured by the Criminal Activity Liens. 
Maxwell also argues that the Government’s investigatory interest under CICO as to her 
involvement with Epstein’s conduct will not be impaired absent intervention because the 
Government may protect this interest by other means—by enforcing its CICO subpoena in the 
state where she resides.  See Opposition at 14 (citing 14 V.I.C. § 612(k)).  In so arguing, Maxwell 
admits that she avoided service of the Government’s CICO Subpoena by refusing to authorize her 
attorney in the Virgin Islands to accept service.  See Opposition at 14 (Government’s subpoenas 
“were served to persons who did not have authority to accept them.”).  She also does not deny that 
she resisted or evaded service in the, previously unknown, state where she resided prior to her 
----

arrest.  See Gov’t Motion at 4-6.  She also does not consent to service or to a court’s personal 
jurisdiction over her as a citizen of New York where she is imprisoned.  She has, however, 
consented to this Court’s jurisdiction over her claims related to her relationship with Jeffrey 
Epstein.  This action in this Court thus is the one venue in which the Government’s investigatory 
interest is certain not to be impaired. 
For all of these reasons, the Court should reject Maxwell’s argument and should hold that 
the Government’s interests in preservation of Epstein Estate funds and in advancement of its 
investigation of Maxwell may be impaired absent intervention. 
D. 
The Epstein Estate Does Not Adequately Represent the Government’s 
Interests. 
Maxwell also argues that the Government may not intervene because the Epstein Estate 
and its Co-Executors, in her telling, share and thus adequately represent the Government’s interest 
in preserving Estate funds.  See Opposition at 15-17 (“To the extent that the Government is 
concerned with the dissipation of the Estate’s assets, the Trustees adequately represent the 
Government’s interest here.”).  They do not. 
Maxwell’s own Complaint allegations undercut this argument.  As one of the grounds for 
her alleged right to indemnification and advancement of legal costs, Maxwell alleges that separate 
and apart from Epstein’s promises, Defendant “Indyke, in his capacity as an Executor of the Estate, 
also made assurances to Maxwell that Maxwell’s legal fees and obligations would be reimbursed 
by Epstein and the Estate, and that Maxwell’s legal fees and expenses would be paid going 
forward.”  Complaint, ¶ 21 (emphasis added).  How this promise by Indyke squares with his 
“fiduciary duties to all who may have a beneficial interest in the estate,” Opposition at 15, or to 
otherwise preserve Epstein Estate funds, Maxwell does not say. 

Nonetheless, her allegation that Indyke is offering up Epstein Estate funds for the legal 
defense of persons not specifically identified as Estate beneficiaries is borne out by Indyke and 
Kahn’s recent admission to the Probate Court that this is exactly what they are doing.  Their 
counsel’s September 15, 2020 letter to the Probate Court acknowledges that “the Estate is 
indemnifying certain current and former employees of and professionals on behalf of one or more 
defendants in the Attorney General’s suit.”  Ex. M hereto (Sept. 15, 2020 letter) at 2.  Specifically, 
the Government has learned that the Estate is paying the legal fees for an immigration attorney it 
believes may have obtained visas for Epstein’s trafficking victims.  Paying the legal fees of 
individuals alleged to have participated in Epstein’s trafficking enterprise demonstrates the 
Estate’s interest in preventing the disclosure of information relevant to the Government’s case in 
the Government’s case, and belies Maxwell’s assertion that the Government’s and the Estate’s 
interests in preservation of funds are perfectly aligned. 
At risk of stating the obvious, the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein and its Co-Executors are not 
adequate representatives for the Government’s interest in preserving the availability of Estate 
funds to satisfy a CICO action judgment based upon Epstein’s sex-trafficking and other related 
criminal conduct.  The Court therefore should grant the Government intervention as of right under 
Rule 24(a). 
E. 
The Government Also Satisfies Rule 24(b)’s Requirements for Permissive 
Intervention. 
Maxwell’s arguments for denying permissive intervention pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(b) 
also have no merit and should be rejected if intervention as of right is denied (which it should not 
be). 
Maxwell first argues that permissive intervention should be denied because the 
Government’s claims do not share “a common question of law or fact,” V.I. R. Civ. P. 24(b)(1)(B), 

with the claims in her indemnification action.  See Opposition at 17.  This is incorrect.  The 
Government’s CICO claims against Defendants, its investigated claims against Maxwell, and 
Maxwell’s claims against Defendants all present the common question of:  Who is liable to pay a 
judgment on the Government’s CICO claims against Defendants (and/or Maxwell) for their 
involvement in or connection to the rape, abuse, exploitation, and trafficking of young women and 
underage girls by Epstein and his associates? 
Numerous federal courts have addressed the question of whether a tort claim and an 
indemnification claim present a common question of law or fact, and concluded that they do.  See 
Security Ins. Co., supra, 69 F.3d at 1381 (common question and independent jurisdiction 
requirements “are clearly met in this case”); Nationwide Mut. Ins. Co. v. Nat’l REO Mgmt., Inc., 
205 F.R.D. 1, 6 (D.D.C. 2000) (“Thus, while the insurance contract may not be an issue in the 
underlying case in Superior Court, the factual similarities between the two cases are enough to 
establish a common question of fact.  Specifically, both the present case and the underlying case 
arise from alleged carbon monoxide emissions from a furnace in the defendant’s building that 
began on February 23, 1995.  In addition, neither case can be decided without determining the 
source of the applicant’s injuries.  Accordingly, for purposes of [Federal] Rule 24(b), the court 
finds a common question of fact in the present lawsuit and the underlying lawsuit in Superior 
Court.”).  This Court should hold the same here. 
Maxwell’s next and final argument is that the Government’s intervention will cause undue 
delay and prejudice because the Government “proposes to inject legal issues that diverge 
substantially from those involved in this indemnification action.”  Opposition at 18.  Not so. 
The only such issues Maxwell identifies are those “concerning the Government’s intent to 
conduct a criminal investigation of Plaintiff within the context of this civil action.”  Id.  This 

question, however, would be answered by the intervention itself.  Once intervention is granted, the 
Government will seek to:  (a) oppose unauthorized expenditures of Epstein Estate’s funds, which 
Maxwell contends already is or should be the Estate’s position, see Opposition at 16; and (b) 
enforce its investigatory subpoena against Maxwell, which raises a discrete question clearly 
answered under 14 V.I.C. § 612(a), as Maxwell also appears to recognize (but nonetheless wants 
to be answered in any other court where she has not yet consented to jurisdiction), see Opposition 
at 13-14. 
At bottom, the only thing the Government’s intervention threatens is to provide facts 
answering the questions already raised by Maxwell’s indemnification claim in this action.  
Maxwell seeks indemnification from the Epstein Estate based upon her purported “prior 
employment relationship” with Epstein and his businesses in connection with any claim “related 
to Epstein, his affiliated businesses, and his alleged victims.”  Complaint, ¶ 1 (emphasis added).  
The Epstein Estate’s Co-Executors already are “indemnifying certain current and former 
employees of and professionals on behalf of” Epstein’s companies.  Ex. M (Sept. 15, 2020 letter 
to Probate Court).  Only the Government stands at the ready to determine: 
• what actual conduct by Epstein and Maxwell is at issue in connection with claims 
by Epstein’s “alleged victims;” 
• whether the criminal sex-trafficking and sexual abuse conduct that is alleged would 
fall within the scope of any purported employment relationship; and/or 
• whether, employment relationship or no, it is a legitimate expenditure of Epstein 
Estate funds to provide legal representation to persons connected to an alleged 
criminal sex-trafficking enterprise instead of preserving funds for the Estate’s true 
beneficiaries and claimants. 
Thus, rather than unduly complicate this litigation, the Government’s intervention would guide it 
towards a fact-based resolution of the issues Maxwell’s indemnification claims actually present. 
----

For each of these reasons, the Court should grant permissive intervention under Rule 24(b) 
if intervention as of right under Rule 24(a) is denied (which it should not be). 
CONCLUSION 
For all of the reasons set forth herein and in the moving papers, the Court should grant the 
Government’s motion to intervene as of right under Rule 24(a) or else by permission under Rule 
24(b).  
Respectfully submitted, 
DENISE N. GEORGE, ESQUIRE 
ATTORNEY GENERAL 
Dated: September 22, 2020  
By: 
/S/ Carol Thomas-Jacobs 
CAROL THOMAS-JACOBS, ESQ. 
Chief Deputy Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
3438 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Email: carol.jacobs@doj.vi.gov  
(340) 774-5666 ext. 10101 

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
IT IS HEREBY CERTIFIED that the foregoing Reply Brief in Support of Motion to 
Intervene complies with the word and page requirements of V.I.R. Civ. P. 6-1(e) and a true and 
correct copy of the Motion was served via regular mail, postage prepaid, with a courtesy copy sent 
by email to counsel of record on September 22, 2020 to: 
KYLE R. WALDNER, ESQ. 
QUINTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
E-mail: kwaldner@qpwblaw.com 
DAVID CATTIE, ESQ. 
THE CATTIE LAW FIRM, P.C. 
1710 Kongens Gade 
St. Thomas, V.I., 00802 
e-mail:  david.cattie@cattie-law.com  
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
ANDREW W. HEYMANN, ESQ., 
WILLIAM BLUM, ESQ. 
SHARI D’ANDRADE, ESQ. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802-3602 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com   
aheymann@solblum.com   
wblum@solblum.com  
sdandrade@kellfer.com   
mwhalen@kellfer.com  
ANDREW TOMBACK 
McLaughlin & Stern, LLP 
260 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10016 
United States 
Email: ATomback@mclaughlinstern.com 

DANIEL WEINER 
MARC A. WEINSTEIN 
HUGHES HUBBARD & REID, LLP 
One Battery Park Plaza 
New York, NY 10004-1482 
United States 
Email: daniel.weiner@hugheshubbard.com 
marc.weinstein@hugheshubbard.com 
/S/ Carol Thomas-Jacobs 
CAROL THOMAS-JACOBS, ESQ. 
Chief Deputy Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
3438 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Email: carol.jacobs@doj.vi.gov  
(340) 774-5666 ext. 10101 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.09.22 Reply Motion.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.09.28 Exhibit D.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.09.28 Exhibit D.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cr. 330
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 1 of 18
EXHIBIT D
IN THE SUP.ERJOR COURT 
OFTHE VIRGIN ISLA DS 
FILED 
September 28, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
X 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL , 
Defendant. 
X 
COUNT ONE 
SEALED 
INDICTMENT 
Cr. 
(Conspiracy to Entice Minors to Travel to Engage in 
Illegal ~ex Acts) 
The Grand Jury charges: 
OVERVIEW 
1. 
The charges set forth herein stem from the role 
of GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, in the sexual exploitation 
and abuse of multiple minor girls by Jeffrey Epstein. 
In 
particular, from at least in or about 1994, up to and including 
at least in or about 1997, MAXWELL assisted, facilitated, and 
contributed to Jeffrey Epstein's abuse of minor girls by, among 
other things, helping Epstein to recruit, groom, and ultimately 
abuse victims known to MAXWELL and Epstein to be under the age 
of 18. 
The victims were as young as 14 years old when they were 
groomed and abused by MAXWELL and Epstein, both of whom knew 
that certain victims were in fact under the age of 18. 
2. 
As a part and in furtherance of their scheme to 
abuse minor victims, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, and 
Jeffrey Epstein enticed and caused minor victims to travel to 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 2 of 18
Epstein's residences in different states, which MAXWELL knew and 
intended would result in their grooming for and subjection to 
sexual abuse. 
Moreover, in an effort to conceal her crimes, 
MAXWELL repeatedly lied when questioned about her conduct, 
including in relation to some of the minor victims described 
herein, when providing testimony under oath in 2016. 
FACTUAL BACKGROUND 
3. 
During the time periods charged in this 
Indictment, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, had a personal and 
professional relationship with Jeffrey Epstein and was among his 
closest associates. 
In particular, between in or about 1994 and 
in or about 1997, MAXWELL was in an intimate relationship with 
Epstein and also was paid by Epstein to manage his various 
properties . 
Over the course of their relationship, MAXWELL and 
Epstein were photographed together on multiple occasions, 
including in the below image: 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 3 of 18
4. 
Beginning in at least 1994, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
the defendant, enticed and groomed multiple minor girls to 
engage in sex acts with Jeffrey Epstein, through a variety of 
means and methods, including but not limited to the following: 
a. 
MAXWELL first attempted to befriend some of 
Epstein's minor victims prior to their abuse, including by 
asking the victims about their lives, their schools, and their 
families. 
MAXWELL and Epstein would spend time building 
friendships with minor victims by, for example, taking minor 
victims to the movies or shopping. 
Some of these outings would 
involve MAXWELL and Epstein spending time together with a minor 
victim, while some would involve MAXWELL or Epstein spending 
time alone with a minor victim. 
b. 
Having developed a rapport with a victim, 
MAXWELL would try to normalize sexual abuse for a minor victim 
by, among other things, discussing sexual topics, undressing in 
front of the victim, being present when a minor victim was 
undressed, and/or being present for sex acts involving the minor 
victim and Epsiein. 
c. 
MAXWELL'S presence during minor victims' 
interactions with Epstein, including interactions where the 
minor victim was undressed or that involved sex acts with 
Epstein, helped put the victims at ease because an adult woman 
was present. 
For example, in some instances, MAXWELL would 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 4 of 18
massage Epstein in front of a minor victim. 
In other instances, 
MAXWELL encouraged minor victims to provide massages to Epstein, 
including sexualized massages during which a minor victim would 
be fully or partially nude. 
Many of those massages resulted in 
Epstein sexually abusing the minor victims. 
d. 
In addition, Epstein offered to help some 
minor victims by paying for travel and/or educational 
opportunities, and MAXWELL encouraged certain victims to accept 
Epstein's assistance. 
As a result, victims were made to feel 
indebted and believed that MAXWELL and Epstein were trying to 
help them. 
e. 
Through this process, MAXWELL and Epstein 
enticed victims to engage in sexual activity with Epstein. 
In 
some instances, MAXWELL was present for and participated in the 
sexual abuse of minor victims. 
Some such incidents occurred in 
the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 
5. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, facilitated 
Jeffrey Epstein's access to minor victims knowing that he had a 
sexual preference for underage girls and that he intended to 
engage in sexual activity with those victims. 
Epstein's 
resulting abuse of minor victims included, among other things, 
touching a victim's breast, touching a victim's genitals, 
placing a sex toy such as a vibrator on a victim's genitals, 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 5 of 18
directing a victim to touch Epstein while he masturbated, and 
directing a victim to touch Epstein's genitals. 
MAXWELL AND EPSTEIN'S VICTIMS 
6. 
Between approximately in or about 1994 and in or 
about 1997, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, facilitated 
Jeffrey Epstein's access to minor victims by, among other 
things, inducing and enticing, and aiding and abetting the 
inducement and enticement of, multiple minor victims. 
Victims 
were groomed and/or abused at multiple locations, including the 
following: 
a. 
A a multi-story private residence on the 
Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York owned by Epstein (the 
"New York Residence"), which is depicted in the following 
photograph: 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 6 of 18
b. 
An estate in Palm Beach, Florida owned by 
Epstein (the "Palm Beach Residencen), which is depicted in the 
following photograph: 
c. 
A ranch in Santa Fe, New Mexico owned by 
Epstein (the "New Mexico Residencen), which is depicted in the 
following photograph: 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 7 of 18
d. 
MAXWELL'S personal residence in London, 
England. 
7. 
Among the victims induced or enticed by GHISLAINE 
MAXWELL, the defendant, were minor victims identified herein as 
Minor Victim-1, Minor Victim-2, and Minor Victim-3. 
In 
particular, and during time periods relevant to this Indictment, 
MAXWELL engaged in the following acts, among others, with 
respect to minor victims: 
a. 
MAXWELL met Minor Victim-1 when Minor 
Victim-1 was approximately 14 years old. 
MAXWELL subsequently 
interacted with Minor Victim-1 on multiple occasions at 
Epstein's residences, knowing that Minor Victim-1 was under the 
age of 18 at the time . 
During these interactions, which took 
place between approximately 1994 and 1997, MAXWELL groomed Minor 
Victim-1 to engage in sexual acts with Epstein through multiple 
means. 
First, MAXWELL and Epstein attempted to befriend Minor 
Victim-1, taking her to the movies and on shopping trips. 
MAXWELL also asked Minor Victim-1 about school, her classes, her 
family, and other aspects of her life. 
MAXWELL then sought to 
normalize inappropriate and abusive conduct by, among other 
things, undressing in front of Minor Victim-1 and being present 
when Minor Victim-1 undressed in front of Epstein. 
Within the 
first year after MAXWELL and Epstein met Minor Victim-1, Epstein 
began sexually abusing Minor Victim-1. 
MAXWELL was present for 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 8 of 18
and involved in some of this abuse. 
In particular, MAXWELL 
involved Minor Victim-1 in group sexualized massages of Epstein. 
During those group sexualized massages, MAXWELL and/or Minor 
Victim-1 would engage in sex acts with Epstein. 
Epstein and 
MAXWELL both encouraged Minor Victim-1 to travel to Epstein's 
residences in both New York and Florida. 
As a result, Minor 
Victim-1 was sexually abused by Epstein in both New York and 
Florida. 
Minor Victim-1 was enticed to travel across state 
lines for the purpose of sexual encounters with Epstein, and 
MAXWELL was aware that Epstein engaged in sexual activity with 
Minor Victim-1 after Minor-Victim-1 traveled to Epstein's 
properties, including in the context of a sexualized massage. 
b. 
MAXWELL interacted with Minor Victim-2 on at 
least one occasion in or about 1996 at Epstein's residence in 
New Mexico when Minor Victim-2 was under the age of 18. 
Minor 
Victim-2 had flown into New Mexico from out of state at 
Epstein's invitation for the purpose of being groomed for and/or 
subjected to acts of ~exual abuse. 
MAXWELL knew that Minor 
Victim-2 was under the age of 18 at the time. 
While in New 
Mexico, MAXWELL and Epstein took Minor Victim-2 to a movie and 
MAXWELL took Minor Victim-2 shopping. 
MAXWELL also discussed 
Minor Victim-2's school, classes, and family with Minor Victim-
2. 
In New Mexico, MAXWELL began her efforts to groom Minor 
Victim-2 for abuse by Epstein by, among other things, providing 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 9 of 18
an unsolicited massage to Minor Victim-2, during which Minor 
Victim- 2 was topless. 
MAXWELL also encouraged Minor Victim-2 to 
massage Epstein. 
c. 
MAXWELL groomed and befriended Minor 
Victim-3 in London, England between approximately 1994 and 1995, 
including during a period of time in which MAXWELL knew that 
Minor Victim-3 was under the age of 18. 
Among other things, 
MAXWELL discussed Minor Victim-3's life and family with Minor 
Victim-3. 
MAXWELL introduced Minor Victim-3 to Epstein and 
arranged for multiple interactions between Minor Victim-3 and 
Epstein. 
During those interactions, MAXWELL encouraged Minor 
Victim-3 to massage Epstein, knowing that Epstein would engage 
in sex acts with Minor Victim- 3 during those massages. 
Minor 
Victim-3 provided Epstein with the requested massages, and 
during those massages, Epstein sexually abused Minor Victim-3. 
MAXWELL was aware that Epstein engaged in sexual activity with 
Minor Victim-3 on multiple occasions, including at times when 
Minor Victim-3 was under the age of 18, including in the context 
of a sexualized massage . 
MAXWELL'S EFFORTS TO CONCEAL HER CONDUCT 
8. 
In or around 2016, _in the context of a deposition 
as part of civil litigation, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, 
repeatedly provided false and perjurious statements, under oath, 
regarding, among other subjects, her role in facilitating the 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 10 of 18
abuse of minor victims by Jeffrey Epstein, including some of the 
specific events and acts of abuse detailed above. 
STATUTORY ALLEGATIONS 
9. 
From at least in or about 1994, up to and 
including in or about 1997, in the Southern District of New York 
and elsewhere, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and others known and unknown, willfully and knowingly 
did combine, conspire, confederate, and agree together and with 
each other to commit an offense against the United States, to 
wit, enticement, in violation of Title 18 , United States Code, 
Section 2422. 
10. 
It was a part and object of the conspiracy that 
G~ISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and others 
known and unknown , would and did knowingly persuade, induce, 
entice, and coerce one and more individuals to travel in 
interstate and foreign commerce, to engage in sexual activity 
for which a person can be charged with a criminal offense, in 
violation of Title 18 , United States Code, Section 2422. 
Overt Acts 
. 
In furtherance of the conspiracy and to effect 
the illegal object thereof, the following overt acts, among 
others, were committed in the Southern District of New York and 
elsewhere: 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 11 of 18
l 
I 
a. 
Between in or about 1994 and in or about 
1997, when Minor Victim-1 was under the age of 18, MAXWELL 
participated in multiple group sexual encounters with Epstein 
and Minor Victim-1 in New York and Florida. 
b. 
In or about 1996, when Minor Victim-1 was 
under the age of 18, Minor Victim-1 was enticed to travel from 
Florida to New York for purposes of sexually abusing her at the 
New York Residence, in violation of New York Penal -Law, Section 
130.55. 
c. 
In or about 1996, when Minor Victim-2 was 
under the age of 18, MAXWELL provided Minor Victim-2 with an 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
was topless. 
d. 
Between in or about 1994 and in or about 
1995, when Minor Victim-3 was under the age of 18, MAXWELL 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
London, England, knowing that Epstein intended to sexually abuse 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 371.) 
COUNT TWO 
(Enticement of a Minor to Travel to Engage in Illegal Sex Acts) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
12. 
The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 12 of 18
' • 
13. 
Fr om at least in or about 1994, up to and 
including in or about 1997, in the Southern District of New York 
and elsewhere, GHISLAINE MAXWELL , the defendant , knowingly did 
persuade, induce, entice, and coerce an individual to travel in 
interstate and foreign commerce to engage in sexual activity for 
which a person can be charged with a criminal offense, and 
attempted to do the same, and aided and abetted the same, to 
wit, MAXWELL persuaded, induced, enticed, and coerced Minor 
V~ctim-1 to travel from Florida to New York, New York on 
multiple occasions with the intention that Minor Victim-1 would 
engage in one or more sex acts with Jeffrey Epstein, in 
violation of New York Penal Law, Section 130.55. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 2422 and 2.) 
COUNT THREE 
(Conspiracy to Transport Minors with Intent to 
Engage in Criminal Sexual Activity) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
14. 
The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 
15. 
From at least in or about 1994, up to and 
including in or about 1997, in the Southern District of New York 
and elsewhere, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, Jeffrey 
Epstein, and others known and unknown, willfully and knowingly 
did combine, conspire, confederate, and agree together and with 
each other to commit an offense against the United States, to 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 13 of 18
wit, transportation of minors, in violation of Title 18, United 
States Code, Section 2423(a). 
16. 
It was a part and object of the conspiracy that 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, and others 
known and unknown, would and did, knowingly transport an 
individual who had not attained the age of 18 in interstate and 
foreign commerce, with intent that the individual engage in 
sexual activity for which a person can be charged with a 
criminal offense, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, 
Section 2423(a). 
Overt Acts 
17. 
In furtherance of the conspiracy and to effect 
the illegal object thereof, the following overt acts, among 
others, were committed in the Southern District of New York and 
elsewhere: 
a. 
Between in or about 1994 and in or about 
1997, when Minor Victim-1 was under the age of 18, MAXWELL 
participated in multiple group sexual encounters with EPSTEIN 
and Minor Victim-1 in New York and Florida. 
b. 
In or about 1996, when Minor Victim-1 was 
under the age of 18, Minor Victim-1 was enticed to travel from 
Florida to New York for purposes of sexually abusing her at the 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 14 of 18
New York Residence, in violation of New York Penal Law, Section 
130.55. 
c. 
In or about 1996, when Minor Victim-2 was 
under the age of 18, MAXWELL provided Minor Victim-2 with an 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
was topless. 
d. 
Between in or about 1994 and in or about 
1995, when Minor Victim-3 was under the age of 18, MAXWELL 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
London, England, knowing that Epstein intended to sexually abuse 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 371.) 
COUNT FOUR 
(Transportation of a Minor with Intent to 
Engage in Criminal Sexual Activity) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
18. 
The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 
19. 
From at least in or about 1994, up to and 
including in or about 1997, in the Southern District of New York 
and elsewhere, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, knowingly did 
transport an individual who had not attained the age of 18 in 
interstate and foreign commerce, with the intent that the 
individual engage in sexual activity for which a person can be 
charged with a criminal offense, and attempted to do so, and 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 15 of 18
aided and abetted the same, to wit, MAXWELL arranged for Minor 
Victim-1 to be transported from Florida to New York, New York on 
multiple occasions with the intention that Minor Victim-1 would 
engage in one or more sex acts with Jeffrey Epstein, in 
violation of New York Penal Law, Section 130.55. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Sections 2423(a) and 2.) 
COUNT FIVE 
(Perjury) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
20. 
The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 
21. 
On or about April 22, 2016, in the Southern 
District of New York, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, having 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
connection with a case then pending before the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York under 
docket number 15 Civ. 7344, knowingly made false material 
declarations, to wit, MAXWELL gave the following underlined 
false testimony: 
Q. 
Did Jeffrey Epstein have a scheme to recruit 
underage girls for sexual .massages? 
If you know. 
A. 
I don't know what you're talking about. 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 16 of 18
,,., 
\' 
Q. 
List all the people under the age of 18 that you 
interacted with at any of Jeffrey's properties? 
A. 
I'm not aware of anybody that I interacted with, 
other than obviously [the plaintiff] who was 17 
at this point. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 1623.) 
COUNT SIX 
(Perjury) 
The Grand Jury further charges: 
22. 
The allegations contained in paragraphs 1 
through 8 of this Indictment are repeated and realleged as if 
fully set forth within. 
23. 
On or about July 22, 2016, in the Southern 
District of New York, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, having 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
connection with a case then pending before the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York under 
docket number 15 Civ. 7344, knowingly made false material 
declarations, to wit, MAXWELL gave the following underlined 
false testimony: 
Q: 
Were you aware of the presence of sex toys or 
devices used in sexual activities in Mr. 
Epstein's Palm Beach house? 
A: 
No, not that I recall. 
Q. 
Do you know whether Mr. Epstein possessed sex 
toys or devices used in sexual activities? 
A. 
No. 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 17 of 18
Q. 
Other than yourself and the blond and brunette 
that you have identified as having been involved 
in three-way sexual activities, with whom did Mr. 
Epstein have sexual activities? 
A. 
I wasn't aware that he was having sexual 
activities with anyone when I was with him other 
than myself. 
Q. 
I want to be sure that I'm clear. 
Is it your 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were 
not aware that Mr. Epstein was having sexual 
activities with anyone other than yourself and 
the blond and brunette on those few occasions 
when they were involved with you? 
A. 
That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Q. 
Is it your testimony that you've never given 
anybody a massage? 
A. 
I have not given anyone a massage. 
Q. 
You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that 
your testimony? 
A. 
That is my testimony. 
Q. 
You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your 
testimony? 
A. 
I never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
(Title 18, United States Code, Section 1623.) 
AUDREY 
Acting nited States Attorney 

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN   Document 1   Filed 06/29/20   Page 18 of 18
Form No. USA-33s-274 (Ed. 9-25-58) 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
v. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Defendant. 
INDICTMENT 
(18 U.S.C. §§ 371, 1623, 2422, 2423(a), 
and 2) 
AUDREY STRAUSS 
Acting United States Attorney 
. 
Foreperson 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.09.28 Exhibit D.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.09.28 Response to Opposition.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2020.09.28 Response to Opposition.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS & ST. JOHN 
********************************* 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company 
Defendants. 
CIVIL NO. ST-20-CV-155 
CO-EXECUTORS’ REPLY BRIEF IN SUPPORT OF MOTION TO DISMISS 
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, by and through their undersigned 
counsel, in their capacity as Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Estate”), and 
on behalf of the Estate and NES, LLC (“NES”), an entity administered in probate by the Co-
Executors as part of the Estate, respectfully submit this Reply Brief in further support of their 
Motion to Dismiss the Complaint filed in this action on May 1, 2020 (the “Motion to Dismiss”). 
I. 
MAXWELL’S CLAIM FOR COMMON LAW INDEMNIFICATION IS UNRIPE 
AND SHOULD BE DISMISSED. 
Maxwell initially filed her Complaint prematurely in violation of 15 V.I.C. § 606(a).  
(Motion to Dismiss at 1–2, 4–6.)  After forcing the Co-Executors to file the Motion to Dismiss, 
Maxwell implicitly conceded her error and, on June 1, 2020, jointly moved with the Co-Executors 
for a stay of this action until the required one-year waiting period had passed.  While the Court 
granted the stay on August 3, 2020, and Maxwell is no longer in violation of section 606(a), her 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OFTHE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
September 28, 2020 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein et al.  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 2 
claim for common law indemnification remains unripe for adjudication until judgments are 
rendered in the underlying actions against her pending in New York state and federal courts.  
Under the ripeness doctrine, courts in the Virgin Islands “will defer from ruling on a claim 
when ongoing or potential future litigation precludes an informed determination of the issues.”  
Simon v. Joseph, 59 V.I. 611, 628 (V.I. 2013).  For example, in Simon, the plaintiff, a convicted 
felon, pursued a legal malpractice action in Superior Court against his criminal defense attorney 
while his habeas corpus petitions were on appeal in federal and local courts and while the Ethics 
and Grievance Committee of the Virgin Islands Bar Association investigated the attorney’s 
conduct.  Id. at 615–20.  After Simon’s attorney moved to dismiss, the Superior Court considered 
Simon’s claims on their merits, ultimately granting the motion.  Id.  On appeal, the Supreme Court 
vacated the decision, holding that the Superior Court “committed a fundamental error” when it 
considered any aspect of Simon’s claims on the merits rather than sua sponte dismissing the 
complaint for lack of ripeness.  Id. at 621.  Because Simon’s criminal appeal and other related 
actions had not yet been decided (and he still had the ability to file additional habeas petitions), 
the Superior Court “severely disrupted comity amongst federal and local courts by creating 
inconsistent adjudications of essentially the same factual and legal issues.”  Id. at 630.    
Similarly, in Virgin Islands Government Hospitals and Health Facilities Corp. v. 
Government of the Virgin Islands, 50 V.I. 276 (V.I. 2008), the Supreme Court vacated an order 
granting an award of attorney’s fees because “the presence of ongoing litigation precludes an 
informed determination of whether the moving party is in fact entitled to attorney’s fees under the 
relevant law” and “the prevailing party [could not yet] be ascertained.”  Id. at 280–81.  And in 
Virgin Islands Water and Power Authority v. Sound Solutions, LLC, the Superior Court dismissed 
a claim seeking costs and fees arising from an ongoing underlying case as unripe, holding that 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein et al.  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 3 
determination of the issue would “force this Court to assess and rule on whether Defendants’ 
[underlying case] is meritorious before such a determination has been made in that case itself” and 
“there is a substantial possibility that the final disposition in [the underlying case] would moot this 
cause of action here, or at least substantially alter the appropriate remedy.”  No. ST-14-cv-558, 
2015 WL 3429078, at *4–5 (V.I. Super. Ct. May 27, 2015).  As the Sound Solutions court found, 
“[i]t would be improper to allow this case to proceed when the relevant facts are so unstable.”  Id. 
at *5. 
The same reasoning applies here, where the predicate criminal and civil actions accusing 
Maxwell of sexual abuse and other misconduct are pending in front of various state and federal 
courts.1  As a matter of public policy, Maxwell cannot be indemnified for intentional wrongdoing, 
including criminal conduct.2  As a result, any determination of Maxwell’s common law 
1. The Co-Executors previously described the civil actions pending against Maxwell in the New York 
state and federal courts.  (Motion to Dismiss at 3 n.3.)  On June 29, 2020, Maxwell was criminally 
indicted in the Southern District of New York for conspiracy to entice minors to travel to engage in 
illegal sex acts, enticement of a minor to travel to engage in illegal sex acts, conspiracy to transport 
minors with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, transportation of a minor with intent to engage 
in criminal sexual activity and two counts of perjury.  (See Indictment, a copy of which is attached 
hereto as Exhibit D (Exhibits A-C were attached to the original Motion to Dismiss).)  Her criminal trial 
is scheduled to begin in New York federal court on July 12, 2021.  
2. As this Court has held, “an agreement is against public policy if it is injurious to the interests of the 
public . . . .  The Court has a duty to refuse to enforce a contract that is contrary to public policy and 
tends to injure the public good.”  Berne Corp. v. Government of the Virgin Islands, 46 V.I. 106, 115 
(V.I. Super. Ct. 2004).  Courts across the country—including in New York, where the underlying 
actions against Maxwell are pending—hold that indemnification for intentional wrongdoing is against 
public policy because it would promote illegality and allow a wrongdoer to cause intentional injury 
with impunity.  See, e.g., Austro v. Niagara Mohawk Power Corp., 66 N.Y.2d 674, 676 (1985) 
(indemnification of party for “damages flowing from the intentional causation of injury” void as against 
public policy); Equitex, Inc. v. Ungar, 60 P.3d 746, 750 (Colo. App. 2002) (“Public policy prohibits 
‘indemnifying a party for damages resulting from intentional or willful wrongful acts.’”) (quoting 
Bohrer v. Church Mut. Ins. Co., 12 P.3d 854, 856 (Colo. App. 2000)); In re RFC and RESCAP 
Liquidating Tr. Action, 332 F.Supp. 3d 1101, 1134–35 (D. Minn. 2018) (indemnification void as against 
public policy “where the indemnitor shows that the indemnitee’s underlying conduct was intentional, 
willful, or wanton”).  See also Restatement (Third) of Torts § 22(e) (“Except for contractual indemnity, 
a vicariously liable person can obtain indemnity from the person whose negligence was imputed only 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein et al.  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 4 
indemnification claim in this proceeding risks inconsistent adjudication, wastes judicial resources, 
and threatens to disrupt comity between New York and Virgin Islands courts.  In addition, if 
Maxwell’s claim is allowed to proceed, discovery and fact-finding will have to be duplicated, and 
discovery in this case regarding the facts and circumstances of the underlying civil and criminal 
cases against Maxwell will have to be taken while those underlying cases are ongoing.  Moreover, 
common law indemnity may not apply at all if any of numerous different events relating to the 
underlying proceedings occur, including if Maxwell is found (1) guilty of the crimes with which 
she is charged, or (2) civilly liable due to her own misconduct toward young girls, rather than her 
performance of legitimate, employment-related duties for Mr. Epstein or his affiliated businesses.  
In these circumstances, the doctrine of ripeness requires dismissal of Maxwell’s common law 
indemnification claim.3   
The authorities Maxwell cites in her Opposition reinforce the Co-Executors’ position.  
Those sources make clear that, because an indemnitee must discharge liability of the indemnitor 
in order to receive indemnification, an indemnitee may not plead a claim for common law 
indemnity unless it is (i) in the original suit, while that original suit is pending, or (ii) in a separate, 
if the vicariously liable person is not independently liable.”); 8 Williston on Contracts § 19:19 (4th ed.) 
(indemnification agreements “tending to promote a breach of duty to the public” generally not upheld).  
Cf. Willie v. Amerada Hess Corp., 66 V.I. 23, 34 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2017) (conducting an analysis under 
Banks v. International Rental & Leasing Corp., 55 V.I. 967 (V.I. 2011), and finding that the Virgin 
Islands recognizes common law indemnification “when an innocent party is held vicariously liable for 
the actions of the true tortfeasor”) (emphasis in original). 
3. Courts in other jurisdictions also have found unripe claims for common law indemnification brought 
in a separate action prior to determination of the underlying proceedings.  See, e.g., Medline Indus., 
Inc. v. Ram Med., Inc., 892 F. Supp. 2d 957, 966–67 (N.D. Ill. 2012) (dismissing claim for common 
law indemnification under Illinois law as unripe when no underlying judgments had yet been rendered); 
Lincoln Gen. Ins. Co. v. Kingsway Am. Agency, Inc., No. 1:11-CV-1195, 2013 WL 214634, at *10 
(M.D. Penn. Jan. 18, 2013) (same, under Pennsylvania law); Gramercy Advisors, LLC v. BDO USA, 
LLP, No. FSTCV136020625S, 2015 WL 2191655, at *3–4 (Conn. Sup Ct. Apr. 9, 2015) (same, under 
Connecticut law).    

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein et al.  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 5 
“subsequent suit against the indemnitor.”  Restatement (Third) of Torts § 22, cmt. i (emphasis 
added) (listing cases); see also Willie v. Amerada Hess Corp., 66 V.I. 23, 30 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2017) 
(denying motion to dismiss counterclaims for common law indemnification where claims were 
brought in original tort suit); Manbodh v. Hess Oil Virgin Islands Corp. (In re Kelvin Manbodh 
Asbestos Lit. Series), 47 V.I. 375 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2006) (in original tort action where various 
parties brought claims for common law indemnification against third-party defendants, converting 
motions to dismiss to motions for summary judgment and holding that the Restatement (Third) of 
Torts set forth applicable law).  None of these sources supports Maxwell’s argument that she may 
pursue this independent action for common law indemnification while the underlying actions 
against her—both criminal and civil—remain pending in other jurisdictions.   
In particular, Maxwell’s contention that Willie “expressly allows a party to ‘plead’ a 
common law indemnification claim before a judgment has been rendered,” is critically misleading 
as applied to the present facts.  (See Opposition at 6.)  In performing a Banks analysis to determine 
the soundest rule for the Virgin Islands with respect to common law indemnification,4 the Willie 
court canvassed Virgin Islands precedent since 1980, concluding that there are two types of 
common law indemnification cases.  In the first type of indemnity case, a party may plead an 
indemnity claim before it is found liable if it does so “through a counterclaim or third-party 
complaint” in the underlying liability action.  Id.  This was the situation in Willie.  In the second 
type of case, a party may bring a separate claim for indemnification “after a party has been found 
liable” in the underlying liability action.  Id. (emphasis added).  Thus, in a separate action for 
indemnification—such as the present case—a purported indemnitee (here, Maxwell) may not 
4. Until the Supreme Court rules on this issue, it remains an open question whether a claim for common 
law indemnification is a viable cause of action in the Virgin Islands post-Banks.   

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein et al.  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 6 
assert a claim for common law indemnification unless and until her liability has been determined 
in the underlying actions.5 
II. 
MAXWELL’S CLAIM AGAINST NES FAILS.6 
A. The Court Should Dismiss Maxwell’s Claim Against NES as a Matter of Law.  
Maxwell alleges upon information and belief that NES’s governing corporate documents 
entitle her to the advancement of expenses and indemnification that she now demands.  (Compl. 
5. All three of the other decisions cited by Plaintiff—Vandenhouten v. Olde Towne Tours, LLC, No. 
20008-41, 2009 WL 1956360, at *5 (D.V.I. July 8, 2009), Davis v. Sunrise Med. (US), LLC, No. 
2012/29, 2013 WL 3775461, at *6 (D.V.I. July 17, 2013) and Manbodh, 47 V.I. 392–95—are the first 
type of case, where an indemnity claim was asserted in an existing action as a counterclaim or third-
party claim, and are therefore inapplicable here.  Moreover, while Maxwell incorrectly asserts that 
Manbodh is directly contrary to the relevant holding in Willie, Manbodh says nothing about bringing a 
separate claim for indemnification while the underlying action remains pending, and that was not the 
situation faced by that court.  Instead, Manbodh holds that the Restatement (Third) of Torts, rather than 
the First or Second Restatements, sets forth applicable law.  Id. at 392–94.  As discussed above, the 
Restatement (Third) of Torts provides that a claim for indemnification may be brought in the original 
underlying action or a subsequent suit:   
Except when a contract for indemnity provides otherwise . . . an indemnitee must extinguish the 
liability of the indemnitor to collect indemnity. The indemnitee may do so either by a settlement 
with the plaintiff that by its terms or by application of law discharges the indemnitor from liability 
or by satisfaction of judgment that by operation of law discharges the indemnitor from liability. 
. . . An indemnitee may, however, assert a claim for indemnity and obtain a contingent judgment 
in an action where the indemnitee is sued by the plaintiff as permitted by procedural rules, even 
though liability of the indemnitor has not yet been discharged.   
Restatement (Third) of Torts § 22(b) (emphasis added, in part); see also cmt. i (quoted above), notes to 
cmt. i (“[V]irtually all states permit the indemnitee to assert his claim in the original suit, by cross-
complaint or impleader, or in a subsequent suit against the indemnitor.”) (emphasis added). 
6. The Court also should dismiss Maxwell’s claims against the Estate itself.  While Maxwell continues to 
incorrectly assert that the Estate is a legal entity that can be sued (see Opposition at 3–4), it is a basic 
tenet of trusts and estates law that “[a]n estate is not a person or a legal entity and cannot sue or be sued; 
an estate can only act by and through a personal representative and therefore any action must be brought 
by or against the executor or representative of the estate.”  34 C.J.S. Executors and Administrators § 
847; see also, e.g., 31 Am. Jur. 2d Executors and Administrators § 1141 (2016) (“Since estates are not 
natural or artificial persons, and they lack legal capacity to sue or be sued, an action against an estate 
must be brought against an administrator or executor as the representative of the estate.”); Campbell v. 
Estate of Kilburn, No. 3:13-cv-00627-LRH-WGC, 2014 WL 3613701, at *3 (D. Nev. July 21, 2014) 
(“It has long been recognized that an estate is not a legal entity, but rather a collection of assets and 
liabilities. Consequently, an estate cannot sue or be sued, and it is thus proper to name the representative 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein et al.  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 7 
¶ 47.)  However, when presented with the actual corporate document in question—the NES 
Operating Agreement—Maxwell ignores the effect of that document, which unambiguously 
allows NES to decline her claims for indemnification and advancement of fees and expenses.  (See 
Motion to Dismiss 6–8.)7  Instead, Maxwell contends that she should be allowed to conduct a 
fishing expedition in the hopes of finding some other document that might undermine the 
unambiguous language of NES’s Operating Agreement.  That is not the law.  
As Maxwell acknowledges, courts deciding a motion to dismiss may consider “items of 
unquestioned authenticity that are referred to in the challenged pleading and are integral to the 
pleader’s claim for relief.”  (Opposition at 11 n.7.)  Put another way, this Court is free to consider 
“documents whose contents are alleged in the complaint and whose authenticity no party 
questions, but which are not physically attached to the pleadings.”  Groff v. Cane Bay Partners VI, 
LLLP, No. SX–15–CV–127, 2017 WL 2709832, at *1–2 (V.I. Super. Ct. June 20, 2017).  “The 
reasoning underlying this approach is particularly sound where the exhibit being considered is the 
very document forming the basis of a plaintiff’s complaint.”  Id. at *1.8 
of the estate, rather than the estate itself, as a party.”).  This principle is reflected in 15 V.I.C. § 606 
(“Commencement of action against executor or administrator”).  While Maxwell cites cases in which 
an estate has been named as a defendant, there is no indication that the status of the estate as a entity 
with the capacity to be sued was at issue in any of those proceedings.  The Court should decline 
Maxwell’s invitation to create law recognizing an estate as a separate legal entity here. 
7. The NES Operating Agreement also forbids indemnification for “fraud, gross negligence, or reckless 
or intentional misconduct.”  (NES Operating Agreement, attached as Exhibit C to the Motion to 
Dismiss, § VI.B.1.) 
8. As discussed in the Co-Executors’ opening brief (Motion to Dismiss at 6–7 & n.7), the “incorporation 
by reference” doctrine “permits a court to review the actual document referenced in the complaint ‘to 
ensure that the plaintiff has not misrepresented its contents and that any inference the plaintiff seeks to 
have drawn is a reasonable one’ . . . [and] ‘limits the ability of the plaintiff to take language out of 
context.’”  Hess Oil Virgin Islands Corp. v. Daniel, No. SX-05-CV-165, 2020 WL 1819622, at *8 (V.I. 
Super. Ct. Apr. 8, 2020) (quoting Amalgamated Bank v. Yahoo! Inc., 132 A.3d 752, 797 (Del. Ch. 
2016), overruled in part on other grounds by Tiger v. Boast Apparel, Inc., 214 A.3d 933, 939 (Del. 
2019)).  “Without the ability to consider the document at issue in its entirety, complaints that quoted 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein et al.  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 8 
Here, Maxwell does not contest the authenticity of the NES Operating Agreement attached 
to the Co-Executors’ Motion to Dismiss.9  And the NES Operating Agreement is “integral” to 
Maxwell’s claim that she is entitled to mandatory indemnification and the advancement of fees 
and a myriad of other costs due to the “corporate organizational documents for NES.”  (Compl. 
¶ 47.)  Under applicable New York law,10 “[t]he operating agreement is the primary governing 
instrument for” a New York LLC, and must contain “any provision not inconsistent with law or 
its articles of organization relating to (i) the business of the LLC, (ii) the conduct of its affairs and 
(iii) the rights, powers, preferences, limitations or responsibilities of its members, managers, 
employees or agents.”  N.Y. Limit. Liab. Co. Ch. 34, Refs & Annos § 5.1.  In other words, 
Maxwell’s claim for contractual indemnification is based on her allegations about the contents of 
NES’s corporate organization documents and, under New York law, the NES Operating 
Agreement is NES’s corporate organization document.  See Groff, 2017 WL 2709832, at *1–2 (in 
a case asserting claims for breach of an employment agreement and breach of the implied covenant 
only selected and misleading portions of such documents could not be dismissed under Rule 12(b)(6) 
even though they would be doomed to failure.”  Id.  In addition, the Court may consider “a document 
attached to a motion to  dismiss . . . if the attached document is: “(1) central to the Plaintiff’s claim; and 
(2) undisputed.”  Id. (quoting Ackah v. Hershey Foods Corp., 236 F. Supp. 2d 440, 443 (M.D. Pa. 
2002)).  That is the case here. 
9. While Maxwell argues that the Court cannot consider the NES Operating Agreement because “[t]he 
operative operating agreements are not in her possession,” there is no legal or factual basis to believe 
that an earlier, different version of the NES Operating Agreement even existed.  (Tellingly, the language 
of the NES Operating Agreement does not reference or purport to amend any prior operating 
agreements.)  Maxwell cites no support for the proposition that she can allege, upon information and 
belief, what she believes a purported previous operating agreement may say and then defeat the Co-
Executors’ Motion to Dismiss based on the NES Operating Agreement by simply claiming that she 
does not have that supposed earlier document.   
10. NES is a New York limited liability company governed by New York law.  (See Complaint p. 1 
(identifying NES as a “New York Limited Liability Company”); Operating Agreement §§ I, VIII.E.)   

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein et al.  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 9 
of good faith and fair dealing, holding that the original offer letter and form employment contract 
can be considered on motion to dismiss).     
To the extent that Maxwell now argues that her claim for indemnification from NES is 
based on an implied or unwritten corporate obligation that she might find evidence of, if only she 
were allowed to rummage through NES’s files, this argument is barred by the New York Statute 
of Frauds.  N.Y. Gen. Oblig. Law § 5-701(a)(2) (requiring an agreement to be in writing if “by its 
terms is not to be performed within one year of the making thereof or the performance of which is 
not to be completed before the end of a lifetime” or it “[i]s a special promise to answer for the 
debt, default or miscarriage of another person”).11  Such an argument is also barred by the Virgin 
Islands Statute of Frauds.  28 V.I.C. § 244 (2019) (voiding any unwritten agreement that (1) “by 
its terms is not to be performed within one year from the making thereof” or (2) constitutes “[a] 
special promise to answer for the debt, default, or misdoings of another person”); see, e.g., Guye 
v. Lutheran Soc. Servs. of the Virgin Islands, Inc., No. SX-10-CV-119, 2011 WL 13116070, at *3–
(V.I. Super. Ct. Feb. 10, 2011) (granting motion to dismiss claim for the alleged breach of an 
employment agreement pursuant to the Virgin Islands Statute of Frauds where plaintiff did not 
assert the existence of a valid, written agreement); Arawak Foods, Inc. v. Lawaetz, No. 764/1983, 
1985 WL 1264047, at *3 (Terr. V.I. Feb. 21, 1985) (letter stating that defendant personally 
11. New York limited liability companies without written operating agreements apply the default 
provisions set forth in New York statutes, which permit—but do not require—a company to choose to 
indemnify employees under certain circumstances.  See, e.g., In re Eight of Swords, LLC, 96 A.D.3d 
839, 839 (N.Y. App. Div. 2012) (when no written operating agreement exists, the LLC is subject to the 
“numerous sections in the [Limited Liability Company Law] that set forth default provisions applicable 
to the limited liability company”); N.Y. Limit. Liab. Co. § 420. 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein et al.  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 10 
guaranteed that a corporation’s debt would be paid found insufficient to satisfy the Statute of 
Frauds).12   
Materials outside of the NES Operating Agreement likewise are insufficient to undermine 
the unambiguous language of that Agreement.  See, e.g., Borriello v. Loconte, No. 503180/2013, 
2014 WL 702172, at *6 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. Feb. 24, 2014) (finding that, where operating agreement 
provided for indemnification but was silent on the issue of advancement of fees, LLC members 
could not vote to advance legal fees); N.Y. Limit. Liab. Co. Ch. 34, Refs & Annos § 5.2.2 (material 
outside of written operating agreement insufficient to find obligation in face of written operating 
agreement).  Finally, Maxwell’s assertions that there are “presumably” or “surely” earlier 
operating agreements of NES and that she “may” have rights pursuant to those agreements 
(Opposition at 9–10) are mere speculation—not even rising to the level of factual allegations—
insufficient to support her complaint.  See, e.g., Brathwaite v. H.D.V.I. Holding Co., Inc., No. ST-
16-CV-764, 2017 WL 2295123 at *2 (V.I. Super. Ct. May 24, 2017) (a complaint must “adequately 
allge[] facts that put an accused on notice of claims brought against it”) (emphasis added).13 
12. To the extent that Maxwell’s first cause of action is based on an alleged oral promise, it is likewise 
barred in its entirety by the Statute of Frauds.  See, e.g., MacKay v. Paesano, 185 A.D.3d 915, 916 
(N.Y. App. Div. 2020) (where breach of contract action dismissed based on Statute of Frauds, 
promissory estoppel claim also correctly dismissed as an impermissible attempt to circumvent the 
Statute of Frauds).   
13. Maxwell does not respond to that portion of the Co-Executors’ motion to dismiss Count Three of her 
Complaint to the extent it seeks contractual indemnification from “other entities” not named as 
defendants.  (Motion to Dismiss at 8 n.8.)  As the Complaint fails to allege the necessary elements of a 
claim for contractual indemnification against these additional entities, the Court should dismiss Count 
Three as against them. 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein et al.  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 11 
B. In the Alternative, the Court Should Convert this Motion to a Motion for 
Summary Judgment and Dismiss Maxwell’s Claim Against NES.  
To the extent that the Court concludes that it may not consider the NES Operating 
Agreement on this motion to dismiss, the Court should convert this proceeding to a motion for 
summary judgment under Rule 12(d) of the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure.  See, e.g., 
Stanley v. Virgin Islands Bureau of Corrections, No. ST-16-MC-075, 2020 WL 1639902, at *5 
(V.I. Super. Ct. Apr. 1, 2020) (holding that the notice requirement of Rule 12(d) was satisfied 
where moving party attached material outside of pleadings, opposing party noted that it was 
outside of pleadings and that, in consideration thereof, the Cout would convert the motion to 
dismiss to one for summary judgment, and opponent received additional time to respond in order 
to provide contrary factual materials).  “[W]hen considering a motion for summary judgment, a 
trial judge can consider material outside the pleadings, including affidavits, responses to discovery, 
and other evidence to determine if there is a genuine issue of material fact.”  Racz v. Cheetham, 
ST-17-CV-461, 2019 WL 7985359, at *2 (V.I. Super. Ct. Nov. 21, 2019) (granting summary 
judgment).   
Summary judgment is appropriate where, as here, “there is no genuine dispute as to any 
material fact and the movant is entitled to judgment as a matter of law.”  V.I. R. Civ. Proc. 56(a).  
Once the party moving for summary judgment has demonstrated that there is no genuine issue of 
material fact, “the responding party must introduce some evidence showing a genuine issue for 
trial.  To carry this burden, the nonmoving party may not rest on its allegations alone, but must 
present actual evidence, amounting to more than a scintilla, in support of its position.”  Greene v. 
Virgin Islands Water and Power Authority, 67 V.I. 727, 742 (V.I. 2017) (internal citations and 
quotation marks omitted).  While the nonmovant may show “by affidavit or declaration that, for 
specified reasons, it cannot present facts essential to justify its opposition,” V.I. R. Civ. Proc. 56(d), 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein et al.  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 12 
it cannot require additional discovery without showing that “the facts sought exist.”  Family Home 
and Finance Center, Inc. v. Fed. Home Loan Mortg. Corp., 525 F.3d 822, 827 (9th Cir. 2008) 
(affirming grant of summary judgment despite nonmovant’s argument that discovery was needed 
to oppose); see also, e.g., Carney v. U.S. Dept. of Justice, 19 F.3d 807, 813 (2d Cir. 1994) 
(affirming grant of summary judgment where nonmovant merely speculated about evidence that 
could be adduced in discovery).    
As discussed above and in the Motion to Dismiss, the language of the NES Operating 
Agreement unambiguously demonstrates that NES has no obligation to indemnify Maxwell or 
advance her fees and expenses.  (See Motion to Dismiss at 6–9 & Ex. C.)  Even if Maxwell could 
adduce evidence of an implied agreement or oral promise for indemnification, such an agreement 
or promise could not give rise to an enforceable indemnification obligation.  (Supra § II.A.)  And 
while Maxwell speculates (again, without basis in law or fact) that there are “presumably” earlier 
operating agreements of NES and that she “may” have rights pursuant to those hypothetical 
agreements (Opposition at 9–10), such speculation—which does not even rise to the level of a 
factual allegation sufficient to defeat a motion to dismiss—is insufficient to meet Maxwell’s 
burden here.  Because no genuine dispute of material fact exists and Maxwell offers nothing more 
than her mere hope that discovery could possibly reveal something that might support her claim, 
the Court should dismiss Maxwell’s claim against NES.  
III. 
CONCLUSION 
For the reasons set forth herein and in the Co-Executors’ Motion to Dismiss, the Court 
should dismiss the Complaint in its entirety.14 
14. In recent briefing on its motion to intervene in this action, the Government of the Virgin Islands asserts 
that, where Maxwell’s claims for indemnification are concerned, “the Epstein Estate and its Co-

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein et al.  
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 13 
Respectfully, 
Dated: September 28, 2020 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin  
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
ANDREW W. HEYMANN, ESQ. 
WILLIAM L. BLUM, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ 
MARJORIE WHALEN, ESQ. 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966, 266, 136, 1221 & R2019 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Facsimile: (888) 316-9269 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
aheymann@solblum.com 
wblum@solblum.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
mwhalen@kellfer.com 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on this 28th day of September 2020, I caused a true and exact 
copy of the foregoing Reply in Support of Motion to Dismiss, which complies with the page or 
word limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), to be served via VIJEFS upon: 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin  
Executors clearly are inadequate to represent the Government’s interest in preserving Estate Funds . . 
. ,” bizarrely accepting as gospel truth Maxwell’s allegation that one of the Co-Executors orally agreed 
to indemnify her.  (Gov’t of the U.S. Virgin Islands’ Reply Brief in Support of Motion to Intervene, 
dated September 22, 2020, at 4 (emphasis in original).)  That is nonsense: as the Court is well aware, 
the Co-Executors refused to indemnify Maxwell.  Maxwell brought this action seeking to obtain 
indemnification; by this Motion, the Co-Executors seek to dismiss Maxwell’s claims for 
indemnification in their entirety.   


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2020.09.28 Response to Opposition.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.02.11 NoE.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2021.02.11 NoE.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
District of St. Thomas/St. John
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
Plaintiff
v.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN et al,
Defendant.                           
Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155
Action: Debt
NOTICE of ENTRY
of
AN ORDER
To: Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
Hon.Judge Harold W.L. Willocks
Please take notice that on February 11, 2021                                                 
a(n)
ORDER
dated
FEBRUARY 11, 2021
was/were entered
by the Clerk in the above-titled matter.
Dated: 
February 11, 2021               
Tamara Charles
Clerk of the Court
By:
Donna Donovan
Court Clerk Supervisor
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OFTHE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
February 11, 2 D21 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT ---------------------------------


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.02.11 NoE.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.02.11 Order.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2021.02.11 Order.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE: SUPERIOR COURT 
OF THE \°IRGlN ISLANDS 
FILED 
February 11, 2D2 1 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
V. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN K. 
INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR FOR THE EST ATE 
OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, A New York 
Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
ORDER 
CASE NO. ST-20-CV-155 
THE COURT, sua sponte, and the premises having been considered, it is hereby 
ORDERED that, pursuant to V.I.R. Civ. P. 92(e)(l), this matter is forwarded to the 
Complex Division to consider and determine whether this case should be treated as complex. 
ORDERED that copies of this order shall be distributed to the Presiding Judge and counsel 
of record. 
DATED: February 11, 2021 
ATTEST: 
TAMARA CHARLES 
Cler 
BY: 
r Court 
slands 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.02.11 Order.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.03.17 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2021.03.17 Notice of Entry of Judgment.pdf
----------------------------------------
I TH£ StrP.ERIOR COURT 
OFTHE YI R ,IN I LA ·o 
FILED 
Marc h 17 , 2D2 1 
ST- 2020-CV-00155 
TAMARA CBARL 
C ERK OF THE COURT 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
District of St. Thomas/St. John 
GHISLAINE MAXWEIL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155 
Action: Debt 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, et al., 
Defendants. 
To: 
NOTICE of ENTRY 
of 
ORDER 
------------ -
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
Christopher A Kroblin, Esq. 
Ariel M. Smith, Esq., AAG 
Please take notice that on March 17, 2021 
a(n) 
ORDER 
--- -------------------
date d 
March 17, 2021 
was/were entered 
by the Clerk in the above-titled matter. 
Dated: March 17, 2021 
Tamara Charles 
By: 
Clerk of the Court 
Cheryl Parris 
Court Clerk m 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.03.17 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.03.17 Order.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2021.03.17 Order.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OFTl:lli HRGIN ISL 
l>S 
FILED 
March 1 7, 
2021 
ST-2020- CV- 00155 
TAMARA CHARLE 
CLERK OF THE COURT 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS/ ST. JOHN 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
PLAINTIFF, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREYE.EPSTEIN; 
DARREN K. INDYKE, IN HIS CAPACITY AS 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN; RICHARD D. KAHN, IN HIS 
CAPACITY AS EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; AND NES, LLC, A 
NEW YORK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, 
DEFENDANTS. 
Case No. ST-2020-CV-00155 
Action for Indemnification 
ORDER 
THIS MATTER was referred, sua sponte, by Order dated and entered February l l, 2021, to 
determine whether the case should be treated as complex. The Court issues this Order to set a briefing 
schedule for the parties to follow in addressing that question. Additionally, upon reviewing the case, the 
Court notes that the Government of the Virgin Islands ("Government") moved to intervene. Assuming, 
for purposes of this determination only, that the motion would be granted, the Court will allow the 
Government to be heard as to whether complex treatment is appropriate. The Court takes judicial notice 
that a similar order was entered on March 12, 2021, in Case No. ST-2020-CV-OO0 14, Government of the 
Virgin Islands v. Darren K. Indyke, et al., setting a briefing schedule for the parties to follow as to whether 
that case should be designated as complex. Considering that the Co-Executors are parties in both cases, 
and in the related probate matter, and further that the Co-Executors filed the motion in Case No. ST-2020-
CV-000 14 to designate it as complex, the Court will direct them to respond first, whether in support or in 
opposition to complex treatment, followed by Plaintiff Ghislane Maxwell and the Government. Further 

MaxwPII ,,. Estate of Epstein, et al. 
ST-2020-CV-00155 
ORl>ER 
Page 2 of 2 
response by the Co-Executors will only be permitted on motion showing cause but should be accompanied 
by the proposed surresponse, if any. 
Accordingly, it is hereby 
ORDERED that the Co-Executors MAY SERVE and FILE a response in writing within ten (10) 
days from the date of entry of this Order addressing whether this case should be designated as complex 
and/or assigned to the same judge as Case No. ST-2020-CV-000 14 to avoid delay and inconsistent rulings. 
Plaintiff Ghislane Maxwell and the Government of the Virgin Islands MAY SERVE and FILE a reply to 
the Co-Executors' response within fifteen (15) days from the date the Co-Executors file their response, 
if any, or if none, then within fifteen (15) days from when the response was due. It is further 
ORDERED that failure to file a response or reply will be construed as no objection to designating 
this case as complex or assigning it to the same judge as the other related cases. No extensions of time 
will be granted given the length of time that has already passed since the February 11, 2021 Order was 
entered without response from the current or prospective parties. Lastly, the Court will make its decision 
based on the papers without oral argument. 
A copy of this Order shall be served on Kyle R. Waldner, Esq., Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq., 
and Assistant Attorney General Ariel M. Smith, Esq. 
. l(',, 
DONE and so ORDERED this 
\ f day of March, 2021. 
~ // u / . 
I )/I 
CJ¼A#AJ,;()l4/y 
HAROLD W.L. WILLOCKS 
Presiding Judge of the Superior Court 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.03.17 Order.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.03.29 Response to Order.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2021.03.29 Response to Order.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DISTRICT OF ST. THOMAS & ST. JOHN 
**************************** 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,  
) 
) 
CIVIL NO. ST-2020-CV-00155 
Plaintiff, 
) 
) 
) 
v. 
) 
) 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN ) 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF ) 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
) 
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as   
) 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY ) 
E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a New York  
) 
Limited Liability Company, 
) 
) 
Defendants.  
) 
_________________________________________ ) 
BRIEF PURSUANT TO COURT’S MARCH 17, 2021 ORDER  
COME NOW the Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Estate”), 
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, and hereby submit this brief pursuant to 
the Court’s March 17, 2021 Order. 
DISCUSSION 
The Court’s March 17, 2021 Order requests that the Estate address whether this case 
should be: (i) designated as complex, and (ii) assigned to the same judge as Case No. ST-2020-
CV-00014 to avoid delay or inconsistent rulings.   
The Court should not designate this matter complex.  A “complex” case “requires 
exceptional judicial management to avoid placing unnecessary burdens on the court or the 
litigants and to expedite the case, keep costs reasonable, and promote effective decision making 
by the court, the parties, and counsel.”  V.I. R. Civ. P. 92(a).  This is not such a case.  Rather, 
it is a simple, one (1) issue dispute—whether Maxwell is entitled to indemnification of legal 
fees.  Moreover, the Rule 92(c) factors do not weigh in favor of complex designation: the action 
IN THE SUPERIOR CO RT 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
March 29, 2 D21 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.   
 Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Brief Pursuant to Court’s March 17, 2021 Order 
Page 2  
does not involve a large number of parties, claims, or claimants; the case does not require 
special expertise or case processing by the Complex Litigation Division judge or staff; and the 
case does not implicate the various potential efficiencies of coordinated proceedings.  
Nor would coordination of this matter with Case No. ST-2020-CV-00014 (the “CICO 
action”) significantly advance judicial efficiency.  As noted above, this matter is a simple one, 
based on a nine (9) page complaint asserting three (3) indemnification claims and seeking as 
its sole remedy indemnification of legal fees and costs.  The pending motion to dismiss in this 
matter raises two (2) arguments.  By contrast, the Government’s proposed Second Amended 
Complaint in the CICO action is seventy-six (76) pages long, asserts twenty-six (26) CICO 
claims, alleges a multi-decade long criminal enterprise, and seeks a laundry list of remedies, 
including forfeiture, divestiture, the dissolution of entities, injunctions, revocation of licenses, 
receivership, monetary penalties, and punitive damages.  The Defendants’ motion to dismiss 
the Amended Complaint raises at least ten (10) separate legal issues, none of which overlap 
with the issues raised in the motion to dismiss in this matter.  Given the distinct nature of the 
claims and legal issues presented in the two matters, there is little risk of inconsistent rulings 
should the cases remain assigned to different judges.  Nor are there issues of delay in either 
matter that would be alleviated by coordination of both matters before a single judge. 
CONCLUSION 
For the reasons set forth above, the Court should not designate this matter complex nor 
assign the case to the same judge assigned to the CICO action. 

Ghislaine Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.   
 Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
Brief Pursuant to Court’s March 17, 2021 Order 
Page 3  
Respectfully, 
Dated:  March 29, 2021 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ. 
MARJORIE WHALEN, ESQ. 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966, 1221 & R2019 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Facsimile: (888) 316-9269 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
mwhalen@kellfer.com 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on this 29th day of March 2021, I caused a true and exact 
copy of the foregoing Brief in Response to Court’s March 17, 2021 Order, which complies 
with the page or word limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), to be served via VIJEFS upon: 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com 
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.03.29 Response to Order.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.04.02 Notice of Appearance.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2021.04.02 Notice of Appearance.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
) 
) 
Plaintiff, 
) 
) 
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
v.  
) 
) 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN K. ) 
INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE  ) 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD  ) 
D. KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE  ) 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES,  
) 
LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company 
) 
) 
Defendants. 
) 
__________________________________________) 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE 
COMES NOW, Gordon C. Rhea, Esq., of Gordon C. Rhea, P.C., and enters his 
appearance as counsel for Defendant Richard D. Kahn in his capacity as the Executor for the 
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, and requests that copies of all further pleadings and filings be 
delivered to him at the address appearing below.  
Dated: April 2, 2021  
Respectfully Submitted, 
/s/ Gordon C. Rhea 
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
VI Bar No. 220 
Gordon C. Rhea, PC 
1533 Appling Dr. 
Mt. Pleasant, SC 29464 
340-244-4058 
grhea@rpwb.com 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OFTHE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
Ap ril 02, 2021 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on April 2, 2021, I filed the foregoing, which complies with 
the page and/or word limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), with the Clerk of the Court using the 
Court’s electronic filing system and selected the “eService” method to automatically serve the 
following individuals: 
Kyle Waldner, Esq. 
Christopher Kroblin, Esq. 
Shari N. D’Andrade, Esq. 
Carol Thomas-Jacobs, Esq.  
/s/ Gordon C. Rhea 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.04.02 Notice of Appearance.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.04.13 Reply Motion.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2021.04.13 Reply Motion.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff,  
vs. 
ESTATE 
OF 
JEFFREY 
E. 
EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his 
capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE 
OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
________________________________________ 
PLAINTIFF’S REPLY TO CO-EXECUTORS’ BRIEF 
PURSUANT TO MARCH 17, 2021 ORDER 
Plaintiff, GHISLAINE MAXWELL (hereinafter, “Plaintiff”), pursuant to this Court’s 
Order dated March 17, 2021, hereby files her reply to the brief filed on March 29, 2021 by Co-
Executors Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn (the “Co-Executors”). In short, Plaintiff 
agrees that the Court should not designate this matter complex or assign the case to the judge 
assigned to Case No. ST-2020-CV-00014, Government of the Virgin Islands v. Darren K. 
Indyke, et al. (the “CICO action”).  
First, this action for indemnification does not meet the Complex Litigation Division’s 
assignment criteria. Plainly, this case does not “require[] exceptional judicial management to 
avoid placing unnecessary burdens on the court or the litigants and to expedite the case, keep 
costs reasonable, and promote effective decision making by the court, the parties, and counsel.” 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OFTHE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
Ap ril 13, 2021 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 2 of 4 
V.I. R. Civ. P. 92(a). Nor does this action fit within any of the categories of “presumptively 
complex claims” established by V.I. R. Civ. P. 92(b). Plaintiff’s claims do not involve a mass 
tort or toxic tort; do not involve a design defect; do not arise out of a natural disaster; are not a 
class action; and do not involve insurance claims arising out of multi-party proceedings. Further, 
none of the factors in V.I. R. Civ. P. 92(c)(1)—which all relate to mass tort fact patterns—
applies here. Finally, the factors enumerated in V.I. R. Civ. P. 92(c)(2) strongly weigh against 
assignment. Notably, as far as Plaintiff is aware, no judge is presently assigned to the Complex 
Litigation Division. Assigning this action to a division without a judge will only cause 
unreasonable delay and increase the burden on the judicial system and on the parties. See, e.g., 
Highland Credit Opportunities CDO, Ltd v. Evans-Freke, 2021 WL 1040502, *6 (V.I. Super. 
Mar. 17, 2021) (“[D]esignating this case as complex now, when there is no judge assigned 
exclusively to the Complex Litigation Division at this moment, would be tantamount to staying 
the case.”)  There is also no apparent need for specialized expertise or case processing here, and 
no advantage to coordinating discovery or other procedures with any other action.   
Second, there is no reason to assign the case to the same judge assigned to the CICO 
action. Plaintiff is not a party to the CICO action. To Plaintiff’s knowledge, there are no facts or 
claims in common between this action and the CICO action.  Therefore, assignment of this case 
to the same judge handling the CICO action is not necessary to avoid delay or inconsistent 
rulings.   

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 3 of 4 
CONCLUSION 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff respectfully requests that this case not be transferred to the 
Complex Litigation Division and that it remain with its presently assigned judge.   
Dated: April 13, 2021  
Respectfully submitted, 
QUINTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A.  
Attorneys for Plaintiff  
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156  
T: (340) 693-0230 
F: (340) 693-0300  
By:  
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com       
V.I. Bar No.:  1038 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 4 of 4 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on April 13, 2021, I filed the foregoing, which complies with 
the page or word limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), with the Clerk of the Court using the Court’s 
electronic filing system, which will send a notice of such filing to the following:       
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
ckroblin@kellfer.com    
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. (AAG) 
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
Office of the Attorney General  
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov  
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
GORDON C. RHEA, PC 
1533 Appling Dr. 
Mt. Pleasant, SC 29464 
grhea@rpwb.com  
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.04.13 Reply Motion.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.12.07 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2021.12.07 Notice of Entry of Judgment.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
District of St. Thomas/St. John 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS, 
PLAINTIFF, 
V. 
DARREN K. INDYKE, IN HIS CAPACITY AS THE EXECUTOR FOR 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN AND ADMINISTRATOR OF 
THE 1953 TRUST, ET AL., 
DEFENDANTS. 
Case No. ST-2020-CV-00014 
Action: Damages 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,  
Plaintiff,  
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, ET AL.,  
Defendants. 
Case No. ST-2020-CV-00155 
Action: Indemnification 
IN RE: ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
Deceased. 
Case No. ST-2019-PB-00080 
NOTICE of ENTRY 
of 
ORDER 
To:  Hon. Kathleen Mackay 
Gordon C. Rhea 
Hon. Sigrid M. Tejo 
Kevin F. D’Amour 
Hon. Carolyn P. Hermon-Percell 
Christogher A. Kroblin 
J. Russell B. Pate 
Melody D. Westfall 
Carol L. Thomas-Jacobs 
William L Blum 
Linda Jill Singer 
A. Jeffrey Weiss 
Douglas B. Chance 
Marlorie Beth Whalen 
Ariel M. Smith 
Richard Bourne-Vanneck  
John K. Dema  
Andrew Hemann 
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
December 07, 202 1 05 :23 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Gaylin Vogel 
Denise N. George 
Sean Foster 
Shari Natalya D’Andrade 
Kevin Boyle 
Kyle R. Waldner 
John H. Benham 
Rosalie Simmonds Ballentine 
Robert Glassman 
Please take notice that on December 07, 2021 
a(n) 
ORDER 
dated 
December 07, 2021 
was/were entered 
by the Clerk in the above-titled matter. 
Dated:  
December 08, 2021       
Tamara Charles 
Clerk of the Court 
By: 
Cheryl Parris 
Court Clerk III 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.12.07 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.12.07 Order.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2021.12.07 Order.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN Tilt l 
ERIOR COURT 
OFHIE\'IRGIN I LA D 
FILED 
December 01, 2021 05 : 16 PM 
SI-2020-CV- 00155 
TA IARACRARLE 
CLERK OF THE CO RT 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS I ST. JOHN 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS, 
PLAINTIFF, 
v. 
DARREN K. INDYKE, IN HIS CAPACITY AS THE EXECUTOR 
FOR THE EST A TE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN AND 
ADMINISTRATOR OF THE 1953 TRUST; RICHARD D. KAHN, 
IN HIS CAPACITY AS THE EXECUTOR FOR THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN AND ADMINISTRATOR OF THE 1953 
TRUST; ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; THE 1953 
TRUST; PLAN D, LLC; GREAT ST. JIM, LLC; NAUTILUS, 
INC.; HYPERION AIR, LLC; POPLAR, INC.; SOUTHERN 
TRUST COMPANY, INC.; AND JOHN AND JANE DOES, 
DEFENDANTS. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
V. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; DARREN K. INDYKE, IN 
HIS CAPACITY AS EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN; RICHARD D. KAHN, IN HIS CAPACITY AS 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; AND 
NES, LLC, A NEW YORK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, 
Defendants. 
IN RE: ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
deceased. 
ORDER 
Case No. ST-2020-CV-00014 
Action for Damages 
Jury Trial Demanded 
Case No. ST-2020-CV-00155 
Action for Indemnification 
Case No. ST-2019-PB-00080 
THESE MATTERS are before the Court to determine whether they should be designated as 
complex or, in the alternative, assigned to the same judge as related cases. For the reasons stated below, 

Gov 't of the U.S. V.I. v. lndyke, et al. I Maxu·e/1 v. Estate of Epstein, et al. I In re: Estate of Epstein 
Case Nos. ST-2020-CV-00014 / ST-2020-CV-00155 / ST-2019-PB-00080 
ORDER 
Page 2 of 12 
the Court will designate Government of the United States Virgin Islands v. Darren K. Indyke, et al. 
(hereinafter "lndyke") as complex and assign the case to the undersigned judge for all further proceedings. 
The Court will also designate Ghislane Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al. (hereinafter 
"Maxwell") as complex and reassign it to the undersigned for all further proceedings. Finally, the Court 
will decline to designate the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein probate proceeding as complex at this time. 
Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein and 
Administrators of the 1953 Trust (hereinafter "Co-Executors") and Defendants in bzdyke and Ma.nvell, 
filed a motion in lnd_vke to have that case designated complex. The Plaintiff, Government of the United 
States Virgin Islands (hereinafter "the Government"), did not oppose. The Court (Tejo, J.) referred the 
motion to the Complex Litigation Division for determination.' This Court, in its administrative capacity, 
issued an Order, setting a briefing schedule. The Court also asked the parties to address whether the related 
probate proceeding, which the Co-Executors had referenced in their motion to designate b1dyke as 
complex, should also be designated complex or, alternatively, whether the same judge should handle both 
cases. Leave was granted to identify other related cases that might benefit from being assigned to the same 
judge. The Co-Executors filed a supplemental brief in support of their motion, to which the Government 
responded. The Co-Executors also filed a reply. Defendant Southern Trust Company had appeared in 
lndyke (by filing a motion for a protective order) but did not respond as to whether the case should be 
designated as complex. None of the other Defendants have appeared to date, despite having been served. 
After the Order issued in lndyke, the Court (Tejo, J.) referred a second case, Ghislane Maxwell v. 
Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al., to determinate whether it, too, should be treated as complex. This Court, 
again in its administrative capacity, issued a briefing schedule and, as earlier. inquired whether, if Maxwell 
The Honorable Sigrid M. Tejo then recused from lndyke, after which the Clerk's Office reassigned the case to the Honorable 
Denise M. Francois, who also recused. At present, lndyke is assigned to the Honorable Kathleen Mackay. 

Gm· 't of the U.S. V.l. I'. llldyke, et al. I MaxH"ell 1·. Estate of Epstein, et al. I In re: Estate of Epstein 
Case Nos. ST-2020-CV-00014 / ST-2020-CV-00155 / ST-2019-PB-00080 
ORDER 
Page 3 of 12 
was not designated complex, it should be assigned to the same judge as lndyke and the probate case. The 
Co-Executors, and the Plaintiff, Ghislane Maxwell (hereinafter "Ghislane"), filed briefs in response. 
Although the Government had filed a motion to intervene in Maxwell, the Government did not file a brief. 
The Court turns first to Indyke. In their supplemental brief, the Co-Executors gave little attention 
to the question asked, whether this case should be designated as complex. Instead, they focused on the 
related question whether the probate matter should be designated as complex or, alternatively, both cases 
assigned to the same judge. The Co-Executors did adequately address the criteria for designating lndyke 
as complex in their initial motion for complex treatment, however. Hence, the Court accepts their earlier 
arguments and finds no harm from omitting those points in their supplemental brief. The Government, by 
contrast, initially filed a one-page response to the Co-Executor's motion to state its non-opposition to 
designating this case as complex, a position the Government reiterated in its brief in response to the Co-
Executor's supplemental brief. Although the Government did touch on why it believes this case should be 
designated as complex, it too devoted much of its brief to addressing whether the probate proceeding 
should be treated as complex or both matters assigned to the same judge. The Court will address the 
arguments for and against designating the probate case as complex further below. 
In short, both the Government and the Co-Executors agree that lndyke is complex and should be 
so designated. Considering that the parties are in agreement, and that litigants generally have the right to 
choose the division in which their case is heard, the Court concurs that Jndyke should be designated as 
complex. More than the parties' agreement compels this conclusion, however. As the Co-Executors point 
out in their motion, "the number of defendants ( 10), the nature and number of the statutory claims (twenty-
three (23) CICO counts), the purported duration of the alleged criminal activity (more than two (2) 
decades), and the myriad financial transactions and tax matters at issue weigh substantially in favor of 
[complex treatment] .... " (Mot. 2, filed Feb. I, 2021.) And, as the Government notes in its response, if 

Go,· 'r of the U.S. V./, 1·. lndyke. et al. I Maxwell,·. Estate of Epstein, er al. I In re: Estate of Epstein 
Case Nos. ST-2020-CV-00014 / ST-2020-CV-00155 / ST-2019-PB-00080 
ORDER 
Page 4 of 12 
its motion for leave to file a second amended complaint is granted, the number of parties and claims in 
Indyke will only expand. Although this case does not fit within any of the categories of presumptively 
complex cases, see V .L R. Civ. P. 92(b ), "a single case, unrelated to any other and regardless of the number 
of parties, can also be complex if it 'requires exceptional judicial management."' Highland Credit 
Opportunities CDO, Ltd. v. Evans-Freke, 74 V.I. 275,281 (Super. Ct. 2021) (quoting Sixteen Plus Corp. 
1·. Yousef: 72 V.L 610, 627 (Super. Ct. 2020)). Given the number of defendants, the type and nature of the 
claims, and the potential need to coordinate proceedings with other cases, both within and without this 
jurisdiction, it is clear that lndyke is complex and will be so designated. 
The Court turns next to Maxwell. Both the Co-Executors and Ghislane agree that the case is not 
complex. The Co-Executors note that Maxwell "is a simple, one (I) issue dispute-whether Maxwell is 
entitled to indemnification of legal fees." (Co-Executors' Br. 1, filed Mar. 29, 2021.) The case does not 
fall within any of the presumptively complex categories, nor will it require exceptional judicial 
management, they contend. The Co-Executors also do not believe the case needs to be assigned to the 
same judge as Indyke or the probate case. However, they fail to explain why. Ghislane, for her part, concurs 
with the Co-Executors on both points: complex treatment is not warranted and there is no reason to assign 
this case to the same judge as Indyke or the probate, she says. 
Although the Court agrees, in general, with Ghislane and the Co-Executors that, at first glance, 
Maxwell does not appear to be complex, both sides neglected to mention ( or intentionally omitted) that 
the Government has moved to intervene. In its motion, the Government maintains that Ghislane is the 
subject of a local investigation concerning her role in Epstein's alleged criminal activity and that she has 
evaded attempts to serve her with a CICO subpoena. What's more, the Government moved to intervene 
in Maxwell as of right and by permission, claiming an interest in the funds Ghislane seeks to cover legal 
fees and expenses. Ghislane opposed the Government's motion to intervene. The Co-Executors did not 

Gm' 't of the US, V,1, v, /11dyke, et al, I Maxwell,,, Estate of Epstei11, et al, I In re: Estate of Epstei11 
Case Nos, ST-2020-CV-00014 / ST-2020-CV-00155 I ST-2019-PB-00080 
ORDER 
Page 5 of 12 
respond to it But neither side noted the potential for the Government to be involved in Maxwell, should 
its motion be granted, which would transform "a simple one (I) issue dispute" into a much more 
complicated case. Both sides' failure to reference this development undermines their purported certainty 
as to the simplicity of the case, 
What's more, Ghislane and the Co-Executors fail to recognize that Maxwell could be seen as 
presumptively complex once lndyke is designated as complex. Cf VJ, R, Civ. P, 92(b). Although the 
language of Rule 92(b)(6) speaks of "insurance coverage claims (including indemnification and 
contribution claims) arising out of multi-party proceedings in any of the above categories of cases," id., 
meaning the other category of presumptively-complex cases, the overall intent of the rule is to allow for 
"satellite litigation" involving insurance coverage issues to also be designated as complex, Accord Santa 
Clara Valley Water Dist,\', Century lndem. Co., Case No, l 15CV286500, 2016 Cal. Super. LEXIS 273, 
*2-3 (Cal. Santa Clara Cty Super. Ct. Mar. 23, 2016) ("Insurance coverage cases ... are complex in part 
because of the complexity of the underlying actions from which they arise, ... [C]omplex cases often 
generate satellite litigation dealing with insurance coverage issues, which involve extremely complex sets 
of documents and facts." (brackets, internal quotation marks, and citation omitted)). It would be 
counterintuitive to allow a single case to be designated as complex-because it requires exceptional 
judicial management-but not designate any satellite litigation later spawned by that same case as 
complex. 
At first glance, Maxwell does not appear to be satellite litigation generated by lndyke - because 
Ghislane is not a party to lndyke, at least not yet. But the Government has disclosed that Ghislane is the 
subject of an investigation and the target of subpoenas issued in Indyke and Ghislane seeks indemnification 
in Maxwell for "any threatened, pending, or completed suit, proceeding, or investigation relating to 
Epstein, his affiliated businesses, and his alleged victims," (Comp!. 'I[, filed Mar. 12, 2020, filed Mar. l 2, 

Go\' 't of the U.S. V.l. v. flldyke, et al. I Maxwell ,·. Estate of Epstein, et al. I In re: Estate of Epstein 
Case Nos. ST-2020-CV-00014 / ST-2020-CV-00155 / ST-2019-PB-00080 
ORDER 
Page 6 of 12 
2020.) Since Ghislane seeks payment for legal fees incurred due to pending investigations and threatened 
suits, it follows that a portion the indemnification claims at issue in Maxwell arise out of lndyke. Thus, the 
Court will likewise designate Maxwell as complex as an indemnification case arising out of bzdyke. See 
V.L R. Civ. P. 96(b)(6). Cf Santa Clara Valley Water Dist., 2016 Cal. Super. LEXIS 273 at *4 ("The 
insurance coverage claims in this action are likely to implicate difficult and/or novel legal issues that will 
require extensive pretrial motions. Some of these issues could potentially be dispositive, and the Court 
and the parties may benefit significantly from the procedures available through complex case 
management, such as framing discrete legal issues for resolution, phasing discovery, and perhaps 
undertaking mini-trials on threshold issues."). 
The Court turns next to the Epstein probate. The Government supports designating the probate 
case as complex. The Co-Executors oppose it. As a threshold point, the Court notes that probate 
proceedings can be designated as complex. See V.I. R. Civ. P. 92(a) ("A complex case is a civil action or 
proceeding .... " (emphasis added)). Thus, the Epstein probate is eligible for complex treatment. A probate 
case would never qualify as presumptively complex, however. Instead, it would have to warrant 
"exceptional judicial management[.]" V.I. R. Civ. P. 92(a). Considering that Co-Executors themselves 
refer to the estate as being "of ... enormous size and complexity[,]" (Supp. Br. 3), involving "a welter of 
activity related to administration[,]" id. at 2, and potentially remaining in existence for "years down the 
road[,]" (Reply Br. 3, filed Apr. 6, 2021) - it certainly seems as if the Epstein probate qualifies as complex. 
In fact, the magistrate judge appointed a special master to assist with the Epstein Victims' 
Compensation Fund, which underscores the exceptional judicial management the probate proceeding has 
already demanded. See also V.I. R. Civ. P. 95 ("Because complex cases inherently present exceptional 
circumstances, the judge assigned to the Complex Litigation Division may appoint and assign a master to 
assist with any of the cases pending in the Complex Litigation Division, whether individual cases, related 

Gov't of the U.S. V.l. \'. Indyke, et al. I Maxwell, •. Estate of Epstein, et al. I /11 re: Estate of Epstein 
Case Nos. ST-2020-CV-00014 / ST-2020-CV-00155 / ST-2019-PB-00080 
ORDER 
Page 7 of 12 
cases, or master case[s] .... "); accord In re: Authorization for the Creation & Appointment of Staff 
Master, S. Ct. Admin. Order No. 2021-0012, 2021 V.I. Supreme LEXIS 14 (V.I. Aug. 12, 2021). Of 
course, this is not to say that any case in which a master is appointed is per se complex. But the question 
here is whether "an estate of this enormous size and complexity[,]" (Supp. Br. 3), has already consumed 
( or will consume) too large a portion of judicial resources in contrast with other cases and proceedings 
pending before the same judicial officer. After all, the definition of "[a] complex case is a civil action or 
proceeding that requires exceptional judicial management to avoid placing unnecessary burdens on the 
court or the litigants and to expedite the case, keep costs reasonable, and promote effective decision 
making by the court, the parties, and counsel." V.I. R. Civ. P. 92(a). The Complex Litigation Division has 
additional resources not available to other divisions of the court. 
The Co-Executors proffer the probate should not be designated complex because the magistrate 
judge has "adeptly handled the many challenges associated with administration of the Estate, including 
the establishment and successful operations of the EVCP [or Epstein Victims' Compensation Program]." 
(Supp. Br. 5, filed Mar. 19, 2021; see also id. at 1-2 ("[D]uring the 19 months that Judge Hermon-Percell 
has handled the probate proceedings, she has presided over a continuous stream of case filings, hearings 
and other activities, and has an in-depth knowledge of the myriad issues pertaining to administration of 
this complex Estate."); id. at 3 ( detailing extensive proceedings between 20 I 9 and 2021 ). ) The Court joins 
the Co-Executors in lauding the magistrate judge's efforts to date. But this Court, in its administrative 
capacity, must also be mindful of caseloads and efficient case management. See 4 V.LC. § 72b(a) ("[The 
presiding judge] shall from time to time designate the judges who are to sit in each judicial division and 
divide the business in such manner as will secure the prompt dispatch of the business of the court and 
equalize the case loads of the several judges .... "). What's more, the very same point the Co-Executors 
make might now support complex designation since the magistrate judge has retired. Thus, even if the 

Gov 't of the U.S. V.I. v. lndyke, et al. I Maxwell v. Estate of Epstein, et al. I In re: Estate of Epstein 
Case Nos. ST-2020-CV-00014 / ST-2020-CV-00155 / ST-2019-PB-00080 
ORDER 
Page 8 of 12 
probate case is not designated as complex, a new judge will be assigned and have to familiarize herself or 
himself with the case, which will have the same effect as "removing the one judge who has both historical 
and ongoing knowledge of the probate proceeding .... " (Reply Br. 2, filed Apr. 6, 2021.) Thus, the 
arguments in favor of leaving the status quo in place no longer carry the same weight. 
That said, the Court cannot overlook the Co-Executors' concerns about requests to designate cases 
as complex masquerading as attempts at "judge shopping." Cf Evans-Freke, 74 V.I. at 285 (noting that 
the motion for complex treatment was untimely and came after assigned judge had twice ruled against the 
movant). Here, the party who motioned for complex treatment opposes treating the probate matter as 
complex. It was the Court who asked the parties to consider whether the probate case should be among all 
the "Epstein cases" to be assigned or reassigned to the same judge. Thus, this is not an instance where the 
party seeking complex treatment did so in order to "seek[] a new audience ... " (Reply Br. 4.) But the 
Co-Executors' concerns are still valid insofar as they relate to the Government's suppmt for designating 
the probate as complex when viewed against the larger backdrop, namely the authority the Government 
has wielded over the Estate's assets, freezing most of the assets pursuant to Criminal Activity Lien Notices 
authorized by Title 14, Section 610 of the Virgin Islands Code. The record also reflects that the Probate 
Court and the Government have been at loggerheads at times. The Government's request to have the 
probate case designated as complex could give reason to pause. Again, however, the magistrate judge has 
retired and thus, the Co-Executors' concerns lack the force they once had. 2 
To be fair, the Co-Executors could also be seen as "seek[ig]a new audience[,]" (Reply Br. 3). insofar as they suggested that 
the Government should consent to having the magistrate judge assigned to the Estate probate try lndyke by consent. Cf. 4 V.I.C. 
§ 123(d) ("Upon consent of the parties, the magistrate judge may conduct all proceedings in a jury or non-jury civil matter, 
including trial and enter a judgment in the case."). The Co-Executors only made this suggestion after this Court questioned 
whether the probate should be designated as complex or reassigned to the same judge as lndyke if that case, ultimately, were 
designated complex. 

Gm· 't of the U.S. V.l. 1·. lndyke, et al. I Maxwell\'. Estate of Epstein, et al. / In re: Estate of Epstein 
Case Nos. ST-2020-CV-00014 / ST-2020-CV-00155 / ST-2019-PB-00080 
ORDER 
Page 9 of 12 
Having considered the arguments of the Co-Executors and the Government, the Court cannot find 
at this time that the probate should be designated as complex. Again, probate cases can meet the definition 
of a complex case and, if ever there were a probate case that could be deemed complex, the Epstein probate 
case may be it. But the magistrate judge who was assigned to the probate has handled it well and the Court 
trusts that her successor will too. What's more, the judicial officer who will take over the probate case 
retains the discretion to refer it for complex treatment at a later date. Cf Evans-Freke, 74 V.I. at 283-84 
("Referral by the assigned judge or self-designation by the parties are the two ways in which a case is 
designated complex. Referral by the assigned judge does not have a time limit." (citing V.I. R. Civ. P. 
92(e)(l ))). 
Similarly, the Court does not find that assigning the probate case to the same judge presiding over 
Maxwell and Indyke is appropriate here. "[A]ssigning related cases to different judicial officers is 
inefficient, wasteful of scarce judicial resources, and may result in inconsistent determinations .... " In 
re: Procedure jcJr the Assign111e11t & Reassig11111e11t of Related Cases & Proceedings, No. SX-2020-MC-
00087, 2020 V.I. LEXIS 75, * 1 (V.I. Super. Ct. Dec. 3, 2020). "[B]y contrast, 'assigning related cases to 
the same judge can be more efficient because the judge has knowledge of both cases and their respective 
procedural histories and can issue any other orders short of formal consolidation to avoid unnecessary cost 
or delay."' Id. at * 1-2 (brackets and ellipses omitted) (quoting In re: Kelvin Manbodh Asbestos Litig. 
Series, 69 V.I. 394, 422 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2018)). "Civil cases are deemed related when two or more 
lawsuits: (I) concern the same property (real or personal); or (2) involve the same or similar claim(s) 
between one or more of the same parties ( or their successors-in-interest) that arises out of the same event, 
transaction, or contract." Id. at *2 (promulgation as Super. Ct. R. 17. l pending). 
Under this definition, Indyke and Maxwell are clearly related. Both cases concern the same 
property (Estate assets) and arising out of Epstein's alleged criminal activity. Moreover, the Co-Executors 

Go\' 't of t/,e U.S. V.l. \', Indyke, et al, I Maxwell 1·, Estate of Epstein, et al. I In re: Estate of Epstein 
Case Nos, ST-2020-CV-00014 I ST-2020-CV-00155 I ST-2019-PB-00080 
ORDER 
Page 10 of 12 
moved to dismiss Indyke and Maxwell partly for the same reasons - because the Government and Ghislane, 
respectively, did not comply with the statutory waiting period before asserting claims against the Estate 
and further failed to submit their claims to the Co-Executors before bringing suit. Having different judges 
decide this same legal question would be inefficient and might result in inconsistent decisions, thereby 
increasing cost and delay. Contra VJ. R. Civ. P L In truth, however, all three cases-Indyke, Maxwell, 
and the Epstein probate-do orbit the same axis: the assets of the Estate. That is, all three cases concern 
the same issue: "Jeffrey E. Epstein ("Epstein") and his affiliated businesses[,]" (Comp!. 'II 1, Maxwell), the 
distribution of his assets and the assets of his affiliated businesses, and the claims and demands upon them. 
In one respect the Court does agree with the Co-Executors, that "probate proceedings do not 
[necessarily] share the same civil litigation features [as regular civil actions], and thus do not easily lend 
themselves to ... coordination .... " (Supp. Br. 5 n.2.). Unlike mass tort actions or multiple toxic torts 
cases involving the same defendants, or even regular civil cases, there will be little overlap between lndyke 
and Mcmvell and the Epstein probate case - at least insofar as discovery, motion practice, and general pre-
trial litigation is concerned. The Court does not agree, however, that coordination would "have only 
limited benefits." Id. In fact, the overlapping legal questions-and potential for inconsistent rulings-has 
been a source of concern for the Court. For example, the Co-Executors contend that the Government and 
Ghislane each should have waited twelve months before asserting claims against the Estate and further 
that the Probate Court has exclusive jurisdiction over their claims. For these reasons, among others, the 
Co-Executors moved to dismiss each case. Assuming, arguendo, that the judges assigned to Maxwell and 
Indyke were to agree and dismissed the cases-or stay them pending the filing of a claim in the probate 
case-the magistrate judge could still rule differently, rejecting the claims as premature or improper, 
which would leave the Government and Ghislane in legal limbo -forced to incur the costs of an appeal. 
There certainly are overlapping legal and factual issues between all three cases and any assertion to the 

Gov't of the U.S. V.I. , •. illdyke, et al. I Maxwell\'. Estate of Epstein, et al, I In re: Estate of Epstein 
Case Nos. ST-2020-CV-00014 / ST-2020-CV-00155 / ST-2019-PB-00080 
ORDER 
Page 11 of 12 
contrary, or that coordination of all three cases before the same judge would not be more efficient, is 
mistaken. 
In the end, however, the Court will decline to reassign the probate case as a related case for one 
simple reason: the balance of caseloads and efficient case management. The Court has decided to designate 
Maxwell and Indyke as complex and assign them both to itself in furtherance of an earlier decision to share 
some of the caseload of the Complex Litigation Division. This Court still retains, however, an active 
general jurisdiction docket of regular civil and criminal cases, as well as an Appellate Division docket of 
magistrate appeals and appeals and petitions for writs or review of administrative agency decisions. To 
take on a complicated probate case, which may continue for years, with a special master appointed, and 
hearings and other protracted issues that have sometimes consumed a full day on the bench - the drain on 
this Court's other cases might be too much. For this reason, the Court will decline to deem the probate 
case related. 
Accordingly, for the reasons stated above, it is hereby 
ORDERED that the Motion for Complex Treatment filed by Defendants Darren K. lndyke and 
Richard D. Kahn on February I, 2021, in Government cifthe Virgin Islands v. Darren K. Indyke, et al., 
Case No. ST-2020-CV-00014, is GRANTED. The Clerk's Office shall DESIGNATE Case No. ST-2020-
CV-00014 as COMPLEX and REASSIGN it to the docket of the undersigned judge. Venue remains in 
the St. Thomas / St. John Division. It is further 
ORDERED that the Clerk's Office shall DESIGNATE Ghislane Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. 
Epstein, et al., Case No. ST-2020-CV-00155 as COMPLEX and REASSIGN it to the docket of the 
undersigned judge. Venue remains in the St. Thomas I St. John Division. It is further 
ORDERED that Government of the Virgin Islands v. Darren K. Indyke, et al., Case No. ST-2020-
CV-00014, and Ghislane Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al., Case No. ST-2020-CV-00155, are 

Gov 't of the U.S. V./. 1·. lndyke, et al. I Maxwell,·. Estate of Epstein, et al. I In re: Estate of Epstein 
Case Nos. ST-2020-CV-00014 / ST-2020-CV-00155 / ST-2019-PB-00080 
ORDER 
Page 12 of 12 
DEEMED RELATED so that proceedings short of formal consolidation may be coordinated between 
the two cases. It is further 
ORDERED that In re: Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, Case No. ST-2019-PB-00080 remains assigned 
to the magistrate judge and any request (insofar as it could be viewed as such) to designate the probate 
case as complex or to assign it to the same judge as Government of the Virgin Islands v. Darren K. Indyke, 
et al., Case No. ST-2020-CV-00014, as a related case is DENIED without prejudice. 
t"'-
DONE and so ORDERED this i' 
day of December, 2021, 
~~,£ d/1 
ATTEST: 
Presiding Judge of the Superior Court 
Tamara Charles 
Clerk of the Court 
_ 
,// 
--
By: 
L-~:77 ~ 
Court ClerV 
Dated: 
✓,tL/2 / :;le, z t 
I 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2021.12.07 Order.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.02.22 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.02.22 Notice of Entry of Judgment.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
District of St. Thomas/St. John
Ghislaine Maxwell,
Plaintiff,
v.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN K. 
INDYKE in his capacity as EXECUTOR of THE 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF HIE ES 
IAIE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York limited Liability Company,
Defendants.    
Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155
Action: Debt
NOTICE of ENTRY
of
   ORDER
To:  Kyle R. Waldner, Esq.
 Christopher A. Kroblin, Esq.
Linda J. Singer, Esq.
Ariel M. Smith, Esq.
Carol L. Thomas-Jacobs, Esq.
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq.
Please take notice that on February 22, 2022
a(n)
ORDER
dated
February 22, 2022
was/were entered
by the Clerk in the above-titled matter.
Dated: 
February 22, 2022           
Tamara Charles
Clerk of the Court
By:
Cheryl Parris
Court Clerk III
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
february 22 , 2 022 07 : 35 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.02.22 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.02.22 Order Scheduling Hearing.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.02.22 Order Scheduling Hearing.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR CO RT 
OFTRE VIRGI" I LA ·os 
FILED 
february 22, 2022 07 :32 PM 
ST- 2020-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLE 
CL RK OF THE COURT 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS I ST. JOHN 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
PLAINTIFF, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREYE. EPSTEIN; 
DARREN K. INDYKE, IN HIS CAPACITY AS 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN; RICHARD D. KAHN, IN HIS 
CAPACITY AS EXECUTOR OF THE ESTA TE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; AND NES, LLC, A 
NEW YORK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, 
DEFENDANTS. 
Case No. ST-2020-CV-0015S 
Action for Indemnification 
ORDER 
THIS MATTER is before the Court for review sua sponte. It is hereby 
ORDERED that a Status Conference shall take place on March 9, 2022, at 9AM, via zoom. 
DONE and so ORDERED this d~~ay of February, 2022. 
ATTEST: 
Tamara Charles, 
Harold W.L. Willocks 
• 
Clerk oft~he 
Court 
By:~~ 
Court C 
upervisor 
Presiding Judge of the Superior Court 
Dated: 
,t../..t..-z.. /2.J) z.. "L 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.02.22 Order Scheduling Hearing.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.03.09 Hearing - Record Of Proceeding.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.03.09 Hearing - Record Of Proceeding.pdf
----------------------------------------
 RECORD OF PROCEEDINGS
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
District of St. Thomas/St. John
Ghislaine Maxwell,
Plaintiff,
v.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN K. 
INDYKE in his capacity as EXECUTOR of THE 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF HIE ES 
IAIE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York limited Liability Company,
Defendants.    
Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155
Action: Debt  
Type of Case: ☒Civil   ☐Domestic Relations   ☐Small Claims   ☐Probate   
Date of Hearing: March 09, 2022    
Plaintiff Appeared: ☐Yes  ☐No    Defendant Appeared: ☐Yes  ☐No   
Witness Sworn: ☐Yes  ☐No            
Defendant Acknowledged Debt: ☐Yes  ☐No   
ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF
ATTORNEY FOR DEFENDANT
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq.
Christopher A. Kroblin, Esq.
WITNESS FOR PLAINTIFF
WITNESS FOR DEFENDANT
Clerk Notes
This matter came before the Court for a Status Hearing. The Court inquired of the parties who 
were the attorneys on the case and informed them to file a notice of appearance if they have not 
done so. Further, the Court gave the parties until August 1, 2022, to file their briefs.
Commenced:
09:00 AM
Judge Presiding:
Hon. Harold W.L. Willocks
Adjourned:
10:08 AM
Court Reporter:
Sandra Hall
By:
Cheryl Parris
Court Clerk III
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
March 09, 2022 12 : 01 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.03.09 Hearing - Record Of Proceeding.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.07.01 Notice of Entry of Judgment_Order.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.07.01 Notice of Entry of Judgment_Order.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
District of St. Thomas/St. John
Ghislaine Maxwell,
Plaintiff,
v.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN K. 
INDYKE in his capacity as EXECUTOR of THE 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF HIE ES 
IAIE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York limited Liability Company,
Defendants.    
 Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155
 Action: Debt
NOTICE of ENTRY
of
   ORDER
To:  Kyle R. Waldner, Esq.
 Christopher A. Kroblin, Esq.
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq.
Ariel M. Smith, Esq.
Carol L. Thomas-Jacobs, Esq.
Andrew W. Heymann, Esq.
Williams L. Blum, Esq.
Shari N. D’Andrade, Esq.
Marjorie Whalen, Esq.
Please take notice that on July 1, 2022,
a(n)
ORDER
dated
July 1, 2022
was/were entered
by the Clerk in the above-titled matter.
Dated: 
July 1, 2022                      
Tamara Charles
Clerk of the Court
By:
Cheryl Parris
Court Clerk III
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
July 01, 2 022 05: 25 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.07.01 Notice of Entry of Judgment_Order.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.07.01 Order Scheduling Hearing.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.07.01 Order Scheduling Hearing.pdf
----------------------------------------
see generally In re. Auth. for the Creation & Appointment of 
Staff Master for Complex Lit. Div. of Super. Ct. of the V.I.
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
J uly 01, 2022 05:12 ~M 
ST-202 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS / ST. JOHN 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
V. 
EST ATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; DARREN 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as Executor of 
the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; 
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
Executor of the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN; and NES, LLC, a New York 
Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CASE NO. ST-2020-CV-00155 
Complex Litigation Division 
Action for Indemnification 
ORDER 
THIS MATTER is before the undersigned following a review of the file. 
The parties appeared before the Judge for a status conference on March 9, 2022. 
According to the record of the clerk, the Judge directed the parties to submit briefs on 
or before August 1, 2022, on whether Virgin Islands public policy barred one or more 
of Plaintiff Ghislaine Maxwell's claims. The undersigned, having attended the hearing, 
recalls that Plaintiff's counsel had also requested a longer period of time to file the 
briefs in light of the then-pending criminal case in the United States District Court for 
the Southern District of New York. No date was given for another status conference, 
however. 
In furtherance of the undersigned's duty to oversee the management of the 
complex litigation cases, and to hold case management and scheduling conferences in 
complex litigation cases, 
, Admin Order No. 2021-0012 
(V.I. Aug. 12, 2021), available at 2021 V.I. Supreme LEXIS 4 / 2021 WL 3562551, it is 
hereby ORDERED that this matter is scheduled for a remote Status Conference on 
Friday, July 29, 2022, at 9:00 a.m., call-in details to be provided in advance by email. 

Maxwell v. Estate of Epstein, et al.
_________________________________ 
_______________________ 
_______________________ 
07/01/2022
Order 
, ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 2 of 2 
Counsel shall come prepared to address the status of the case, including the motion to 
intervene filed by the Government of the Virgin Islands on July 13, 2020, as well as 
counsel's available dates when the undersigned could hear argument and issue a 
recommendation to the Judge on the motion to dismiss filed by the Defendants on May 
1, 2020, once the supplemental briefing has been filed. 
DONE and SO ORDERED this 1st day of July, 2022. 
~
PH~
R r 
Staff Master 
ATTEST: 
TAMARA CHARLES 
Clerk of;
C~ rt 
By: 
/)v-. 
Co 
t Clerk 
Date: 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.07.01 Order Scheduling Hearing.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.07.29 Hearing - Record Of Proceeding.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.07.29 Hearing - Record Of Proceeding.pdf
----------------------------------------
 RECORD OF PROCEEDINGS
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
District of St. Thomas/St. John
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
PLAINTIFF,
v.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, et al.,
DEFENDANTS.           
Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155
Action: Debt  
Type of Case: ☒Civil   ☐Domestic Relations   ☐Small Claims   ☐Probate   
Date of Hearing: July 29, 2022    
Plaintiff Appeared: ☐Yes  ☐No    Defendant Appeared: ☐Yes  ☐No   
Witness Sworn: ☐Yes  ☐No     
Defendant Acknowledged Debt: ☐Yes  ☐No   
ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF
ATTORNEY FOR DEFENDANT
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq.
Christopher A. Kroblin, Esq.
William L. Blum, Esq.
Daniel Weiner, Esq.
Carol Thomas-Jacobs, Esq.
Daniel Ruzumna, Esq.
WITNESS FOR PLAINTIFF
WITNESS FOR DEFENDANT
Clerk Notes
This matter came before the Court for a status conference. After hearing from the 
parties, the parties were given directives to meet and confer and to file a joint notice by 
next Friday on if they want oral arguments on the two motions (Motion to Dismiss and 
the Governments motion to intervene). In another case, ST-2020-CV-00014, Staff 
Master Gasper advised the parties also to meet and confer and to notify the Court by 
Tuesday of next week as to their availability for a hearing date regarding ST-2020-CV-
00014.
Commenced:
09:00 AM
Judge Presiding:
Hon. Harold W.L. Willocks
Adjourned:
09:19 AM
Court Reporter:
Randall Belsvik
By:
Cheryl Parris
Court Clerk III
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
July 2 9, 2 022 02 :59 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.07.29 Hearing - Record Of Proceeding.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.01 Brief.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.01 Brief.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff,  
vs. 
ESTATE 
OF 
JEFFREY 
E. 
EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his 
capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE 
OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
________________________________________ 
PLAINTIFF’S BRIEF IN RESPONSE TO COURT ORDER  
Plaintiff, GHISLAINE MAXWELL (hereinafter, “Plaintiff”), pursuant to this Court’s 
oral directive at the status conference held on March 9, 2022, hereby files her brief as to whether 
Virgin Islands public policy bars one or more of her claims in this action.   
INTRODUCTION 
This is an action for indemnification for the attorneys’ fees, security costs, costs to find 
safe accommodation, and all other expenses Plaintiff has incurred by reason of her prior 
employment relationship with Jeffrey E. Epstein (“Epstein”) and his businesses.  From 
approximately 1999 through at least 2006, Maxwell was employed by Epstein and several of his 
businesses, including NES LLC. In this capacity, Plaintiff was responsible for managing 
Epstein’s properties in the U.S. Virgin Islands and elsewhere.  In the wake of Epstein’s 2008 
guilty plea in Florida to a felony charge of soliciting prostitution from a minor, Plaintiff has 
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
August 01, 2022 06 :00 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 2 of 18 
incurred legal fees and expenses in connection with various legal proceedings relating to Epstein, 
his businesses, and his alleged victims.  
Plaintiff seeks indemnity under three distinct theories: (1) Epstein promised Plaintiff that 
he would indemnify her for any expenses incurred by reason of her employment relationship 
with him and his businesses, and Plaintiff relied on that promise; (2) Plaintiff is entitled to 
indemnification under a common law theory due to her employment relationship with Epstein 
and his businesses; and (3) NES, LLC (and other possible companies) must indemnify Plaintiff 
for legal fees, personal security costs, and other expenses incurred by reason of her agency 
relationship to NES, LLC.  
In the briefing on Co-Executors Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn’s (the “Co-
Executors”) Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff’s Complaint, the Co-Executors suggest that Plaintiff 
“cannot be indemnified for intentional wrongdoing, including criminal conduct.” See Co-
Executors’ Reply Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss dated September 28, 2020 (the 
“Reply”), at pp. 3-4, n. 2.  As shown below, Virgin Islands public policy does not bar Plaintiff’s 
indemnity claims in this action.  
ARGUMENT 
I. 
Plaintiffs’ Claims May Not Be Barred as a Matter of Public Policy at This 
Preliminary Stage of the Proceedings. 
A. 
Virgin Islands public policy does not necessarily bar Plaintiff’s contractual 
indemnity claims.1 
In support of its original argument that Plaintiff “cannot be indemnified for intentional 
As an initial matter, the Co-Executors’ public policy defense arises in the contract law 
context.  Therefore, it would not operate to bar Plaintiff’s claims to the extent that they arise 
under common law or general corporation law theories. 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 3 of 18 
wrongdoing, including criminal conduct,” the Co-Executors cite a single Virgin Islands case, 
Berne Corp. v. Government of the Virgin Islands, 46 V.I. 106, 115 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2004) for the 
general proposition that “[t]he Court has a duty to refuse to enforce a contract that is contrary to 
public policy and tends to injure the public good.”  See Reply, at pp. 3-4, n. 2. The Co-Executors 
posit that “[c]ourts across the country—including in New York, where the underlying actions 
against Maxwell are pending—hold that indemnification for intentional wrongdoing is against 
public policy because it would promote illegality and allow a wrongdoer to cause intentional 
injury with impunity,” but cite no Virgin Islands case for this proposition.  Finally, the Co-
Executors cite a Virgin Islands case, Willie v. Amerada Hess Corp., 66 V.I. 23, 34 (V.I. Super. 
Ct. 2017), for the notion that the Virgin Islands recognizes common law indemnification “when 
an innocent party is held vicariously liable for the actions of the true tortfeasor.” See Reply, at p. 
4, n. 2 (emphasis in original). The Co-Executors cite no other Virgin Islands case, statute, rule, or 
regulation that defines relevant Virgin Islands public policy or what may be “contrary to [its] 
public policy.”  
To determine the public policy of this forum, Virgin Islands case law, statutes, rules, and 
regulations must be examined. In re Catalyst Third-Party Litig., 2020 WL 1862216, *26 (V.I. 
Super. April 13, 2020) (citing Twin City Pipe Line Co. v. Harding Glass Co., 283 U.S. 353, 357 
(1931) (“In determining whether the contract here in question contravenes the public policy of 
Arkansas, the constitution, laws and judicial decisions of that State and as well the applicable 
principles of the common law are to be considered. Primarily it is for the lawmakers to determine 
the public policy of the State.”); Bloch v. Bloch, 9 V.I. 554, 558 (3d Cir. 1973) (“‘I find nothing 
in the statutory or decisional law in the Virgin Islands to indicate that a common law marriage, 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 4 of 18 
even if prohibited, is against the public policy of this forum.’” (citation omitted)).  In Catalyst, 
this Court declined to follow longstanding Third Circuit precedent – at the risk of “disrupting the 
state of the law” that “Virgin Islands companies and companies doing business in the Virgin 
Islands ha[d] come to rely on – because the Third Circuit did not consider Virgin Islands cases or 
statutes, “relied almost exclusively on federal precedent, even though the question at issue in 
each case involved … Virgin Islands public policy,” and “did not attempt to identify the best 
approach for the Virgin Islands.”  Id.  
In light of the following Virgin Islands public policy, which is derived from Virgin 
Islands case law, statutes, and rules, the Co-Executors are incorrect in their assertion that 
Plaintiff “cannot be indemnified for intentional wrongdoing, including criminal conduct,” and 
their reliance on the public policy of other jurisdictions is misplaced: 
i. 
Freedom of contract in indemnification context 
“[T]he underlying purpose of contract law ... is to hold parties to their agreements so that 
they receive the benefit of their bargains.” Phillip v. Marsh-Monsanto, 66 V.I. 612, 621 (V.I. 
2017) (citations omitted). The Catalyst Court found that: 
Virgin Islands businesses and residents, and companies doing business in 
the Virgin Islands, have assumed that Virgin Islands common law will let 
them agree among themselves how to allocate responsibility for loss, 
liability, injury, and damages and further, that Virgin Islands courts would 
enforce such agreements and provide a remedy if breached. The law of 
contracts is designed to effectuate exchanges and to protect the expectancy 
interest of parties to private bargained-for agreements. 
Catalyst, 2020 WL 1862216, at *13 (citing Phillip, 66 V.I. at 621) (internal quotation marks 
omitted).   While “the Virgin Islands Legislature has not weighed in on indemnification 
agreements, including agreements whereby one party agrees to indemnify another party for that 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 5 of 18 
party’s own negligence,” the Virgin Islands Supreme Court promulgated a rule that potentially 
requires a lawyer to indemnify the financial institution servicing client trust accounts even if the 
institution is negligent. Id. (citing V.I. S. Ct. R. 211.1.15-3(j) (“Every lawyer or law firm 
maintaining a trust account in the Virgin Islands shall, as a condition thereof, be conclusively 
deemed to have consented to the reporting and production requirements by financial institutions 
mandated by Rule 211.1.15-5 and shall indemnify and hold harmless the financial institution for 
its compliance with such reporting and production requirement.”)). 
ii. 
Indemnification among joint tortfeasors  
Virgin Islands courts have recognized the right to common law indemnity between joint 
tortfeasors. That is, under Virgin Island law, a party seeking indemnification is not required 
prove that it was not at fault in causing a plaintiff’s injuries. See, e.g., Dublin v. Virgin Islands 
Tel. Corp., 15 V.I. 214, 227 (Terr. V.I. June 9, 1978) (holding “that a right to contribution or 
indemnity against a joint tortfeasor exists in the Virgin Islands.”)(citing, inter alia, Silverlight v. 
Huggins, 10 V.I. 638 (3d Cir 1973); Restatement (Second) of Torts § 886B (Indemnity Between 
Tortfeasors). Cf. 5 V.I.C. § 1451 (Virgin Islands comparative negligence statute silent on issue of 
a right to indemnity among joint tortfeasors). Indeed, Virgin Islands courts have long recognized 
that “[t]here is no public policy which prevents judicial enforcement of an agreement to shift 
liability for the consequences of one’s own negligence.” Hess Oil Virgin Islands Corp. v. 
Firemen's Ins. Co., 626 F. Supp. 882, 884, 22 V.I. 139, 143 (D.V.I. 1986) (citing Eastern 
Airlines, Inc. v. INA, 758 F.2d 132 (3d Cir.1985); United States v. Seckinger, 397 U.S. 203, 211, 
S.Ct. 880, 885, 25 L.Ed.2d 224 (1970)); Dominic v. Hess Oil Virgin Islands Corp., 624 F. 
Supp. 117, 119 (D.V.I. 1985) (“CS&M's contention that the agreement in question, which 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 6 of 18 
indemnifies HOVIC against its own negligence, is void against public policy, would come as a 
surprise to the Third Circuit. This appellate court has resolved so many disputes involving these 
agreements, that the public policy issue has long been put to rest. … Repeatedly the circuit court 
has held that there is no public policy which prevents judicial enforcement of an agreement to 
shift liability for the consequences of one's own negligence.”)2 See also, Catalyst, 2020 WL 
1862216. *26 (“[T]he Court agrees that the soundest rule for the Virgin Islands is to recognize a 
cause of action for breach of an indemnification agreement. And, whether an indemnification 
agreement covers A's negligence, B's negligence, or A through Z's negligence is for the 
contracting parties to decide.”)  
The foregoing is consistent with the Restatement, which provided the rules of decision in 
this jurisdiction from 1921 to 2011 (where there was no contrary local law).3  The Restatement 
on indemnity does not make a distinction between negligent and intentional tortfeasors. See 
Restatement (Second) of Torts § 886B; Restatement (Third) of Torts: Apportionment of Liability 
§ 22 (1999 & Supp.2006) (“When two or more persons are or may be liable for the same harm 
and one of them discharges the liability of another in whole or in part by settlement ..., the person 
discharging the liability is entitled to recover indemnity in the amount paid to the plaintiff, plus 
reasonable legal expenses, if … the indemnitor has agreed by contract to indemnify the 
indemnitee....”). See also Brooks v. Dana Nance & Co., 113 Haw. 406, 417, 153 P.3d 1091, 1102 
(Haw. 2007) (“Restatement (Second) § 886B does not distinguish between intentional and other 
While the Catalyst Court criticized the reasoning employed in Hess and Dominic, they 
have been approvingly cited over the years and remain good law. 
1 V.I.C. § 4; Banks v. Int'l Rental & Leasing Corp., 55 V.I. 967 (V.I. 2011). 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 7 of 18 
forms of tort. Accordingly, the Restatement (Second) does not foreclose a right of indemnity for 
intentional torts in the present matter.”)  
In any event, there is no public policy, case, statute, or other provision of Virgin Islands 
law barring a contracting party from indemnification for an intentional or willful act.  
iii. 
Indemnification for criminal acts under General Corporation 
Law  
Under certain circumstances, Virgin Islands law provides that indemnification may be 
appropriate even if the indemnitee has been convicted of a criminal charge. Specifically, the 
General Corporation Law codified at Title 13 of the Virgin Islands Code provides in pertinent 
part that:   
(a) A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is 
a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending 
or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, 
administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of 
the corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, 
employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of 
the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another 
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against 
expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in 
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such 
action, suit or proceeding if: 
(1) he acted: 
(A) in good faith; and 
(B) in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to 
the best interests of the corporation; and 
(2) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, he had no 
reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of 
any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or 
upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a 
presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which 
he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 8 of 18 
corporation, and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had 
reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 
V.I.C. § 67a (emphasis added).   
Clearly, the Virgin Islands’ General Corporation Law statute reflects Virgin Islands 
public policy and is not in violation of Virgin Islands public policy.  Plaintiff here was entitled to 
rely on Epstein’s promise of indemnification because it was entirely consistent with this Virgin 
Islands indemnification statute.  
B. 
There is no basis to bar Plaintiff’s claims as a matter of public policy at the  
Rule 12 stage. 
i. 
Plaintiff has no notice to date of any extra-pleading materials the 
Co-Executors want this Court to consider in connection with their 
Motion to Dismiss. 
The Co-Executors’ Motion to Dismiss is made pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 12(b)(6).  “The 
basic purpose of a motion to dismiss is to test the legal sufficiency of the complaint to state an 
actionable claim, not to test the truth of the fact alleged in the complaint.” Arno v. Hess Corp., 71 
V.I. 463, 495, (V.I. Super. October 17, 2019) (citation omitted).  Courts have the discretion to 
exclude extra-pleading materials attached to a motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim for 
relief, or else convert the motion to dismiss into a motion for summary judgment to be able to 
address it. Stanley v. Virgin Islands Bureau of Corr., 2020 WL 1639902, *4 (V.I. Super. April 1, 
2020). If the Court ultimately chooses to convert the motion to dismiss into a motion for 
summary judgment, it must notify the parties so they can “present all the material that is 
pertinent....” V.I. R. Civ. P. 12(d). See also United Corp. v. Named, 64 V.I. 297, 307 (V.I. 2016). 
Courts addressing the issue “have found that failure to give adequate notice to the parties before 
conversion constitutes reversible error.” Stanley, 2020 WL 1639902, *5 (quotation and citation 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 9 of 18 
omitted). 
Here, in advancing their public policy argument, the Co-Executors are not challenging 
whether Plaintiff states a claim for relief. Instead, the Co-Executors seek judgment on the merits 
on the theory that Plaintiff “cannot be indemnified for intentional wrongdoing, including 
criminal conduct.”  The Co-Executors have not yet asked this Court to consider any specific 
extra-pleading materials that purport to establish such “intentional wrongdoing, including 
criminal conduct,” despite having the burden to do so. See, e.g., Maduro v. Am. Airlines, Inc., 
2008 WL 901525, *3 (V.I.2008) (under Virgin Islands law, the burden of proving an affirmative 
defense in a civil case is on the defendant); Bryan v. Fawkes, 2014 WL 5409110, *26 (V.I.2014) 
(citing 5 V.I.C. § 740(5)) (the party against whom the affirmative defense is asserted is “not 
required to prove a negative”). 
Plaintiff objects to the Court’s consideration of any matters outside the pleadings that the 
Estate may submit with its Brief since the briefing on the motion is closed and Plaintiff will have 
been deprived of an opportunity to respond. 
ii. 
The SDNY judgment of conviction, to the extent considered, does 
not conclusively decide any issues presented in this action.   
In considering a motion to dismiss, a court may consider only the complaint, matters of 
public record, and indisputably authentic documents that the complaint relies upon.  Courts have 
defined “public records” narrowly for the purpose of a motion to dismiss, which includes 
“criminal case dispositions such as convictions or mistrials, letter decisions of government 
agencies, and published reports of administrative bodies.” Pension Ben. Guar. Corp. v. White 
Consol. Indus., Inc., 998 F.2d 1192, 1197 (3d Cir. 1993) (internal citations omitted); see also 
Schmidt v. Skolas, 770 F.3d 241, 249 (3d. Cir. 2014) (applying the Pension definition of public 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 10 of 18 
records narrowly and refusing to consider press releases not attached to a complaint); Bostic v. 
AT & T of Virgin Islands, 166 F. Supp. 2d 350, 354 (D.V.I. 2001).  A court may then only 
consider a criminal case conviction to establish the fact of the criminal case and conviction but 
may not consider it for the truth of any matters asserted therein.  Kramer v. Time Warner Inc., 
937 F.2d 767, 774 (2d Cir.1991) (“Courts routinely take judicial notice of documents filed in 
other courts ... not for the truth of the matters asserted in other litigation, but rather to establish 
the fact of such litigation and related filings.”); Crews v. Cnty. of Nassau, 2007 WL 316568, at 
*2 (E.D.N.Y. Jan. 30, 2007) (“The Court takes judicial notice of certain documents and 
proceedings in the underlying criminal action only to establish the fact of such litigation, 
including (1) the notice of alibi dated September 27, 2005, and (2) the transcript of Crews' 
September 22, 2005 arraignment in Nassau County Court.”)  
In Collins v. Kendall Cnty., Ill., 807 F.2d 95, 99 (7th Cir. 1986), cited by the Pension 
Court, the Seventh Circuit reviewed the district court’s dismissal of plaintiffs’ bad faith 
prosecution claims, where the district court considered case “dispositions” of underlying cases 
referenced in, but not actually filed with, the complaint. After considering these case 
“dispositions,” the district court found that the “defendants have successfully prosecuted the 
plaintiffs on three obscenity charges,” and thus found that the plaintiffs failed to set forth facts 
supporting an inference of bad faith prosecution. Id. at 101. The Collins Court held that the 
“district court did not err in considering these undisputed matters appearing on the public 
record.” Id. 99, n.6.   
Here, assuming that the Co-Executors will offer Plaintiff’s judgment of conviction in the 
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (“SDNY”) in support of their public 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 11 of 18 
policy argument, the Court may only consider this record to establish the existence and 
disposition of the SDNY proceeding. The SDNY judgment entered on June 29, 2022 here 
reflects that only Plaintiff was adjudicated guilty of offenses under 18 U.S.C. § 371, 18 U.S.C. § 
2423, and 18 U.S.C. § 1591.  See, Judgment entered June 29, 2022 in SDNY Case No. 1:20-cr-
00330-AJN, Document 696.  While the Court might take judicial notice that Plaintiff was 
adjudicated guilty of these three offenses, the Court may not make any other findings based on 
the SDNY judgment or draw any inferences from the SDNY judgment favorable to Defendants 
at this stage. See, Collins, supra, at 99. See also, Benjamin v. AIG Ins. Co. of Puerto Rico, 56 
V.I. 558, 566 (V.I. 2012) (on Rule 12(b)(6) motion, Court “view[s] the facts alleged in the 
pleadings and the inferences to be drawn from those facts in the light most favorable to the 
plaintiff.”)  Because the relevance of the SDNY disposition to this action is not apparent on its 
face, it provides no actual support for the suggestion that public policy bars the claims in this 
action.  
 Further, for a judgment to have preclusive effect and bar relitigation of an issue under 
the doctrine of collateral estoppel, an asserting party must satisfy the following elements:  
(1) the issue to be barred is identical to an issue actually and 
necessarily decided in the prior action; (2) the prior action was 
adjudicated in a decision that was final, valid, and on the merits; (3) the 
party against whom the doctrine is asserted was a party or in privity with a 
party to the prior action; and (4) the party against whom the doctrine is 
asserted had a full and fair opportunity to litigate the issue in the prior 
action. 
Stewart v. Virgin Islands Bd. of Land Use Appeals, 66 V.I. 522, 549–50 (V.I. 2017) (emphasis 
added).  
Here, the Co-Executors’ have not yet identified what specific issues they contend have 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 12 of 18 
already been decided by the SDNY that are identical in this case. In fact, the narrow issues tried 
before the SDNY do not necessarily overlap with Plaintiffs’ claims here, which include 
indemnification for expenses incurred in connection with a civil lawsuit filed by Jennifer Araoz 
(who did not testify in the SDNY proceeding), investigations relating to Epstein, and security 
services incurred in 2019 in the wake of intense media scrutiny following Epstein’s arrest. To the 
extent that Plaintiff’s claims relate to expenses that Plaintiff incurred exclusively because of 
Epstein’s actions, such claims would clearly not be subject to any public policy bar.  Simply put, 
the SDNY judgment of conviction does not conclusively establish any issue presented here and 
is not dispositive of this action. 
Finally, Plaintiff has appealed the SDNY conviction to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
Second Circuit. While Virgin Islands courts have not spoken on the issue, many courts have 
found that a trial court judgment of conviction is not final for purposes of res judicata or 
collateral estoppel when it is on appeal.  See, e.g., People ex rel. Gow v. Mitchell Bros.' Santa 
Ana Theater, 161 Cal.Rptr. 562, 568 (Cal.Ct.App.1980); Greene v. Transp. Ins. Co., 169 
Ga.App. 504, 313 S.E.2d 761, 763 (Ga.Ct.App.1984); Dupre v. Floyd, 825 So.2d 1238, 1240–41 
(La.Ct.App.2002) (per curium), writ denied, 840 So.2d 546 (La.2003); Petition of Donovan, 137 
N.H. 78, 623 A.2d 1322, 1324 (N.H.1993); Benham v. Plotner, 795 P.2d 510, 512 (Okla.1990); 
McBurney v. Aldrich, 816 S.W.2d 30, 34 (Tenn.Ct.App.1991); Faison v. Hudson, 243 Va. 413, 
417 S.E.2d 302, 305 (1992); Jordache Enters., Inc. v. Nat'l Union Fire Ins. Co. of Pittsburgh, 
204 W.Va. 465, 513 S.E.2d 692, 703 (W.Va. 1998).  

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 13 of 18 
II. 
Plaintiff’s Common Law Indemnity Claims Not Barred.  
The Co-Executors’ public policy defense does not apply to Plaintiff’s common law 
indemnity claims since the defense allows a party to avoid enforcement of a contract.  
See, Berne, supra, 46 V.I. at 115 (public policy is a defense to the enforceability of a contract); 
Brouillard v. DLJ Mortg. Cap., Inc., 63 V.I. 788, 794 (V.I. 2015) (same).  In fact, as a matter of 
common law, the Virgin Islands courts recognize the right to indemnity between joint 
tortfeasors. See infra, Section I(A)(ii). See also 41 Am. Jur. 2d Indemnity § 21 (“Generally, 
indemnity will be granted where the indemnitee has incurred tort liability by performing an act 
not manifestly wrong at the direction or for the benefit of, and in reliance upon, the indemnitor.”) 
(citing Horrabin v. City of Des Moines, 198 Iowa 549, 199 N.W. 988, 38 A.L.R. 554 (1924); 
Jacobs v. General Acc. Fire & Life Assur. Corp., 14 Wis. 2d 1, 109 N.W.2d 462, 88 A.L.R.2d 
1347 (1961)).  As such, Virgin Islands public policy does not impact Plaintiff’s common law 
indemnity claims. 
III. 
Plaintiff’s Corporate Indemnity Claims Not Barred.   
Nor does Virgin Islands public policy bar Plaintiff’s indemnity claims that may arise 
under Virgin Islands General Corporation Law. As noted above, this law provides that a 
corporation may indemnify any person who “was or is” a party to a civil or criminal proceeding 
by reason of the person’s relationship with the corporation “against expenses (including 
attorneys' fees),” incurred in connection with the proceeding if the person “in good faith” and “in 
a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation.” 
V.I.C. § 67a(a).  In the case of a “criminal proceeding,” the person must have had “no 
reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.” Id.  

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 14 of 18 
The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by … conviction… shall 
not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good 
faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not 
opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and with respect to any 
criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his 
conduct was unlawful. 
Id. (emphasis added).  At this stage, the facts of Plaintiff’s conduct as an agent of NES, LLC and 
belief that she was acting in the company’s interest have never been litigated.  As such, 
Plaintiff’s corporate indemnity claims may not be barred or adjudicated at this stage because they 
would involve issues not actually and necessarily decided in any prior action. Stewart, 66 V.I. at 
549–50. 
IV. 
The Co-Executors’ Public Policy Defense Has Been Waived.  
Any objection by the Co-Executors to indemnification on grounds of public policy should 
be found to have been waived by Epstein’s past actions here.  
Waiver is defined as “the voluntary relinquishment of a known right.” Rivera v. Sharp, 
No. CV 2008-0020, 2021 WL 2228492, at *11 (D.V.I. June 1, 2021), aff'd, No. 21-2254, 2022 
WL 2712869 (3d Cir. July 13, 2022); accord Ringo v. Southland Gaming of U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Inc., No. ST-10-CV-116, 2010 WL 7746074, at *3 (V.I. Super. Ct. Sept. 22, 2010); Abramsen v. 
Bedminster, 45 V.I. 3, 10 (Terr.Ct.2002). “Waiver requires ‘a clear, unequivocal, and decisive 
act of the party showing such a purpose or acts amounting to an estoppel on his part.’” Great 
Lakes Reinsurance (UK) PLC, 2013 WL 68731, at *4 (quoting Carter v. Exxon Co. USA, 177 
F.3d 197, 204 (3d Cir.1999)); accord Ringo, 2010 WL 7746074, at *3. See also Dewerd v. 
Bushfield, 993 F. Supp. 365, 369 (D.V.I. 1998) (“Waiver ... may be shown by express 
declarations, or by acts and declarations manifesting an intent and purpose not to claim the 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 15 of 18 
supposed advantage, or it may be shown by a course of acts and conduct, and in some cases will 
be implied therefrom.”)   
While courts in this jurisdiction have not addressed the specific issue presented here, 
courts in other jurisdictions have found that a party can waive a defense of contract illegality 
through voluntary conduct (e.g., performance of the contract) that is inconsistent with the 
defense. See, e.g., C.R. Klewin Ne., LLC v. City of Bridgeport, 282 Conn. 54, 919 A.2d 1002 
(Conn. 2007) (City, by participating for 20 days in arbitration proceeding which took place over 
a year after indictment of public official that set forth operative facts forming basis for claim that 
municipal public works contract was illegal, waived defense that contract, which included 
arbitration provision, was illegal.). See also, AAOT Foreign Econ. Ass'n (VO) Technostroyexport 
v. Int'l Dev. & Trade Servs., Inc., 139 F.3d 980, 981 (2d Cir. 1998) (by disavowing any illegality 
claim “until an adverse award was rendered,” petitioner “waived its right to assert the public 
policy exception”); Jones v. Faulkner, 114 S.E.2d 542, 543 (Ga. App. 1960) (“If a contract be 
illegal as against public policy, its invalidity will be a defence while it remains unexecuted. If the 
illegal contract be in part performed and money has been paid in pursuance of it, no action will 
lie to recover the money back.”).  
Here, Plaintiff alleges in the Complaint as follows:   
17. 
 Since the time of Epstein’s Florida state proceeding to the present, 
Maxwell has incurred legal fees and expenses in connection with 
various suits, proceedings, and investigations relating to Epstein, his 
affiliated businesses, and his alleged victims.  
18. 
 Consistent with his repeated promises, Epstein indemnified Maxwell 
and advanced legal fees and settlement costs when they were 
incurred in connection with a lawsuit filed by Sarah Ransome 
against Epstein in 2017 (Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein, et al., 17-cv-00616-
JGK). 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 16 of 18 
19. 
 Consistent with his repeated promises, Epstein also paid Maxwell’s 
legal bills incurred in connection with a civil suit filed by Virginia 
Roberts against Epstein in 2009. 
See Complaint, ¶¶ 17-19.  At this preliminary, Rule 12(b)(6) stage, the Court “must accept 
[these] factual allegations as true, construe the complaint in the light most favorable to the 
plaintiff, and determine whether, under any reasonable reading of the complaint, the plaintiff 
may be entitled to relief.” Lockhart v. Treasure Bay Virgin Islands Corp., 63 V.I. 357, 360 (V.I. 
Super. Ct. August 31, 2015); Benjamin, supra, 56 V.I. at 566.  
By advancing legal fees and expenses in connection with past legal proceedings, which 
were for the benefit of Plaintiff, Epstein made it clear that he believed Plaintiff had committed no 
wrong and/or was entitled to indemnification. Any objection to the contrary should found to be 
waived.  
V. 
The Co-Executors May Not Raise Any Objection to Indemnification on Public 
Policy Grounds Due to Unclean Hands. 
Finally, the Co-Executors should be estopped from raising any objection to 
indemnification on public policy grounds due to unclean hands.  The “’unclean hands’ doctrine 
is based on the principle that a party who has committed wrongdoing should not be allowed to 
come into court and request a remedy for its own personal benefit.” In re Prosser, 2012 WL 
6737781, at *17 (Bankr. D.V.I. Dec. 20, 2012) (citing In re New Valley Corp., 181 F.3d 517, 525 
(3d Cir.1999); Sunshine Shopping Ctr., Inc. v. KMart Corp., 42 V.I. 397, 407, 85 F. Supp. 2d 
537, 544 (D.V.I. Jan. 27, 2000) (“It is an ancient and established maxim of equity jurisprudence 
that he who comes into equity must come with clean hands. If a party seeks relief in equity, he 
must be able to show that on his part there has been honesty and fair dealing.”) (quoting Bishop 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 17 of 18 
v. Bishop, 257 F.2d 495, 500 (3d Cir.1958)). In Sunshine Shopping, the court held that the 
defendant could be precluded from raising an equitable defense to a forfeiture clause in a lease 
due to its own “unclean hands.” Id.   
Here, having engaged in the wrongful conduct that caused Plaintiff to incur legal and 
other expenses in the first place, Epstein (and by association, the Estate) should not be permitted 
to prevail in this action by relying upon a salutary public policy.  
CONCLUSION 
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff respectfully asks this Court to find that Virgin Islands public 
policy does not bar her indemnity claims in this action. 
Dated: August 1, 2022 
Respectfully submitted, 
QUINTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A.  
Attorneys for Plaintiff  
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156  
T: (340) 693-0230 
F: (340) 693-0300  
By:  
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com       
V.I. Bar No.:  1038 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 18 of 18 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on August 1, 2022, I filed the foregoing, which complies with 
the page or word limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), with the Clerk of the Court using the Court’s 
electronic filing system, which will send a notice of such filing to the following:       
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
ckroblin@kellfer.com    
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. (AAG) 
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
Office of the Attorney General  
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov  
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
GORDON C. RHEA, PC 
1533 Appling Dr. 
Mt. Pleasant, SC 29464 
grhea@rpwb.com  
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.01 Brief.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.02 Memorandum Of Law.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.02 Memorandum Of Law.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
********************************* 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. ESTEIN, 
and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CIVIL NO: ST-20-CV-155 
COMPLEX 
CO-EXECUTORS’ SUPPLEMENTAL BRIEF  
IN SUPPORT OF MOTION TO DISMISS 
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, by and through their undersigned 
counsel, in their capacity as Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Estate”), and 
on behalf of the Estate and NES, LLC (“NES”), an entity administered in probate by the Co-
Executors as part of the Estate, respectfully submit this Supplemental Brief in further support of 
their Motion to Dismiss the Complaint filed in this action on May 1, 2020 (the “Motion to 
Dismiss”) and in accordance with this Court’s direction during the March 9, 2022 status 
conference in this matter.  
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
As the Co-Executors demonstrated in their Reply Brief in Support of the Motion to 
Dismiss filed in this action on September 28, 2020 (the “Reply”), courts around the country hold 
that indemnification for individuals convicted of criminal behavior violates public policy 
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
August 01, 2022 04:45 eM 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 2 
because it would promote illegality and allow wrongdoers to cause intentional injury with 
impunity.  (Reply at 3-4, n.2.)  Courts should not encourage intentional criminal wrongdoing by 
allowing a party to escape all financial consequences for those acts.  
Here, it is indisputable that the suits, proceedings and investigations for which Plaintiff 
Ghislaine Maxwell demands that Defendants indemnify her are all predicated on Maxwell’s own 
intentional criminal actions.  (See Motion to Dismiss at 3-4, n.3 (describing the basis of civil 
suits against Maxwell, each of which was premised on intentional abusive actions by Maxwell 
herself); Reply at 3 n.1 and Ex. D (describing and attaching Maxwell’s criminal indictment in the 
Southern District of New York).)  On December 29, 2021, a jury in the United States District 
Court for the Southern District of New York found Maxwell guilty of multiple counts of criminal 
activity; on June 29, 2022, Judge Alison Nathan entered judgment against Maxwell for 
conspiracy to transport minors with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, transportation of 
a minor with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity and sex trafficking of an individual 
under the age of eighteen.1  For these felonies, Judge Nathan sentenced Maxwell to 20 years in 
prison followed by five years of supervised release, and ordered Maxwell to pay a fine of 
$750,000.  During sentencing, Judge Nathan rejected Maxwell’s argument that she was being 
1. See Judgment, USA v. Maxwell, No. 20-CR-00330 (S.D.N.Y. Jun. 29, 2022), ECF No. 696.  Judge Nathan 
dismissed two of five counts for which the jury found Maxwell guilty as multiplicative and the Government 
agreed to dismiss two perjury counts against Maxwell that Judge Nathan previously severed from the 
determination of the counts considered by the jury.  Id.; see also Joint Letter, USA v. Maxwell,   (S.D.N.Y. Jan. 
10, 2022), ECF No. 574 (“In the event the defendant’s post-trial motions are denied, the Government is 
prepared to dismiss the severed perjury counts at the time of sentencing, in light of the victims’ significant 
interests in bringing closure to this matter and avoiding the trauma of testifying again.”). 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 3 
punished for Mr. Epstein’s actions, stating “Miss Maxwell is not punished in place of Epstein . . . 
Miss Maxwell is being punished for the role that she played.”2   
The Court should not allow individuals (here, Maxwell) convicted of criminal acts of 
sexual violence against minors to escape the financial consequences of their actions.  Because 
indemnification in this situation is contrary to public policy, and for the reasons set forth in the 
Motion to Dismiss and Reply, the Court should dismiss Maxwell’s claims.3  
ARGUMENT 
I. 
Public Policy Bars Maxwell’s Claims for Indemnification Based on Contract. 
As the Court has recognized, “an agreement is against public policy if it is injurious to 
the interests of the public . . . . The Court has a duty to refuse to enforce a contract that is 
contrary to public policy and tends to injure the public good.”  Berne Corp. v. Government of the 
Virgin Islands, 46 V.I. 106, 115 (Super. Ct. 2004); see also Gourmet Gallery Crown Bay, Inc. v. 
Crown Bay Marina, L.P., 68 V.I. 584, 601-02 (V.I. 2018) (affirming Superior Court’s 
determination that “rigid enforcement of private agreements that threaten the interests of third 
parties . . . is against public policy.”).   
Applying this principle to indemnification agreements, courts across the country—
including in New York, the situs of the underlying civil and criminal actions against Maxwell—
2. See Lauren Del Valle, Ghislaine Maxwell’s Attorneys Appeal her Federal Conviction and Sentence, CNN (July 
8, 2022), https://www.cnn.com/2022/07/08/us/ghislaine-maxwell-appeal/index.html.  The transcript from 
Maxwell’s June 28, 2022 sentencing hearing is not yet publicly available on the docket.  See Transcript, USA v. 
Maxwell, No. 20-CR-00330 (S.D.N.Y. Jul. 22, 2022), ECF No. 737 (docket text setting August 12, 2022 
deadline for transcription redaction requests and indicating that transcript will be available through PACER on 
October 20, 2022).  
3. The NES Operating Agreement (as that term is defined in the Motion to Dismiss) expressly forbids 
indemnification of Maxwell for claims that are “the result of fraud, gross negligence, or reckless or intentional 
misconduct.”  (NES Operating Agreement Section VI.B.1, at pp. 5-6.)  As further detailed in the Motion to 
Dismiss and Reply, the Court should dismiss Maxwell’s claim for indemnification under the NES Operating 
Agreement based on the terms of that Agreement. 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 4 
routinely hold that contractual indemnification for those found guilty of intentional criminal 
wrongdoing is unenforceable as against public policy because it would promote illegality and 
allow a wrongdoer to cause criminal injury with impunity.  See, e.g., Homesite Ins. Co. of the 
Midwest v. Frost, No. CV 20-00024-M-DLC, 2020 WL 5369847, at *5 (D. Mont. Sept. 8, 2020) 
(“in Montana there is an unmistakable public policy against . . . indemnification for criminal 
acts.”); CSX Transp., Inc. v. Gen. Mills, Inc., No. 1:14-CV-201-TWT, 2019 BL 223294, at *11 
(N.D. Ga. Jun. 14, 2019) (“if the Plaintiff is ultimately found to have been criminally negligent, 
then public policy would preclude indemnification.”); Utica First Ins. Co. v. Maclean, No. 
CIV.A. 08-1138, 2009 WL 415988, at *4 (E.D. Pa. Feb. 19, 2009) (“[r]equiring an insurance 
company to defend or indemnify its insured for . . . criminal acts would also violate public policy 
in Pennsylvania.”); BDO Seidman, LLP v. Harris, 379 Ill. App. 3d 918, 925 (Ill. App. Ct. 2008) 
(“[t]aken together, the stipulation of facts pursuant to the PTD agreement shows that plaintiff 
engaged in conduct which constituted misprision of felony by knowingly concealing the felony 
fraud of its client, SBU.  Under New York public policy. . . indemnification for such criminal 
conduct is barred by public policy.”); Equitex, Inc. v. Ungar, 60 P.3d 746, 750 (Colo. App. 2002) 
(“[p]ublic policy prohibits indemnifying a party for damages resulting from intentional or willful 
wrongful acts.”) (internal quotation marks omitted).  See, e.g., 42 C.J.S. Indemnity § 8 (“a 
contract or bond by which one party undertakes to indemnify the other against the consequences 
of an illegal act is generally held illegal and void.”).  And Virgin Islands statutory law regarding 
indemnification likewise indicates that indemnification for willful or wanton acts is 
inappropriate.  10 V.I.C. § 101 (providing for indemnification of law enforcement officers 
unless, inter alia, the officer seeks indemnification for “any willful or wanton act”).  

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 5 
The Court should follow the holdings of Virgin Islands courts, the great majority of 
courts in other jurisdictions and legal treatises to find that public policy requires rejection of 
contractual indemnification for claims or expenses arising from Maxwell’s criminal actions here.  
To hold otherwise would be to encourage individuals like Maxwell ― a convicted felon ― to 
engage in crimes victimizing minors with the knowledge that they can offload to others the 
financial repercussions of their actions and are entitled to incur whatever costs they deem 
necessary in order to hide from criminal or other repercussions.4   
II. 
Public Policy Also Bars Maxwell’s Claims for Promissory Estoppel or Common 
Law Indemnification.  
The public policy concerns that bar enforcement of contractual indemnification for those 
found guilty of intentional criminal acts apply with equal force to common law indemnification 
or indemnification based on promissory estoppel.  Both of these doctrines arise in equity and are 
based on concepts of restitution and unjust enrichment.  See, e.g., Willie v. Amerada Hess Corp., 
V.I. 23, 46 (Super. Ct. 2017) (“[t]he right to indemnity . . . is a common law equitable remedy 
. . . .”); Appleton v. Harrigan, No. ST-10-CV-275, 2012 WL 13219651, at *5 (Sup. Ct. Dec. 6, 
2012) (“[l]ike a claim of unjust enrichment, promissory estoppel is an equitable remedy.”).  
Equity does not condone a criminal actor receiving financial immunity from the consequences of 
her crimes.  Indemnification based on either promissory estoppel or common law is not viable 
4. The few cases suggesting that contractual indemnification for intentional wrongdoing may be possible are 
readily distinguishable from the situation here, with such cases generally both requiring provisions that clearly 
and unambiguously express the indemnitor’s intention to provide indemnity for intentional acts and involving 
situations where the indemnified party’s actions could not be proven to be intentional, much less criminal.  See, 
e.g., Gibbs-Alfano v. Burton, 281 F.3d 12, 22-23 (2d Cir. 2002) (acknowledging that contractual 
indemnification for intentional acts is unenforceable, but finding that the indemnification clause in question was 
enforceable because there was no finding or factually strong suggestion that the indemnified party’s actions 
were intentional).  Here, Maxwell does not allege any contractual provisions that clearly and unambiguously 
call for indemnification of intentional or criminal acts and, as discussed further in the Motion to Dismiss, the 
Reply and by the New York court handling the criminal case against Maxwell, the allegations against Maxwell 
are based on her own intentional criminal actions. 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 6 
(and violates public policy) where, as here, the indemnitee has been convicted of an intentional 
criminal act.  Courts cannot enforce a judgment upholding a[n] agreement in law or in equity that 
is against public policy.”  Cruse v. Callwood, 55 V.I. 999, 1003 (D.V.I. 2010) (parties to a 
pyramid scheme cannot recover on a theory of restitution when they were aware of the nature of 
the scheme); see also, e.g., Willie, 66 V.I. at 92 (Virgin Islands recognizes common law 
indemnification “where an innocent party is held vicariously liable for the actions of the true 
tortfeasor”) (emphasis in original); Equitex, 60 P.3d at 750 (rejecting a promissory estoppel 
claim for indemnification because “equitable doctrines such as promissory estoppel may not be 
used to enforce an agreement in favor of a wrongdoer”). 
Research has not identified any case that permitted indemnification pursuant to 
promissory estoppel or common law where, as here, the purported indemnitee has been 
convicted of an intentional criminal act.  This long-standing judicial stricture, as well as the 
equitable nature of both promissory estoppel and common law indemnification, public policy 
and the facts of this case all strongly suggest that the Court should not be the first to permit 
common law indemnification for one found guilty of intentional criminal acts.  The crimes for 
which Maxwell stands convicted are based on her own affirmative criminal behavior.  As Judge 
Nathan in the District Court for the Southern District of New York stated in sentencing Maxwell 
to 20 years in prison for her crimes, “Miss Maxwell is not punished in place of Epstein . . . Miss 
Maxwell is being punished for the role that she played.”5  Maxwell cannot employ equitable 
doctrines to escape the financial consequences of her intentional criminal acts. 
5. See supra n. 2.  

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 7 
CONCLUSION 
For the reasons set forth herein and in the Co-Executors’ Motion to Dismiss and Reply in 
Support of the Motion to Dismiss, the Court should dismiss the Complaint in its entirety.   
Respectfully, 
Dated: August 1, 2022 
/s/ Shari N. D'Andrade____________________ 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ 
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
V.I. Bar Nos. 1221 & 966  
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Facsimile: (888) 316-9269 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on August 1, 2022, I caused a true and exact copy of the 
foregoing Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss, which complies with the page 
or word limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), to be served via VIJEFS upon: 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com 
Carol Thomas Jacobs, Esq. 
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Carol.jacobs@doj.vi.gov 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Supplemental Brief in Support of Motion to Dismiss  
Page 8 
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
Gordon C. Rhea, P.C. 
1533 Appling Dr. 
Mt. Pleasant, S.C. 29464 
grhea@rpwb.com 
/s/ Shari N. D'Andrade 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.02 Memorandum Of Law.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.02 Notice of Appearance.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.02 Notice of Appearance.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,	
)	

)
Plaintiff,	
)
)	
Case No. ST-20-CV-155
v. 	
)
)
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN K. )
INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE 	)
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD 	 )
D. KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE 	)
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, 	
)
LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company	
)
)
Defendants.	
)
__________________________________________)
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE
COMES NOW, pro hac vice-admitted counsel Daniel S. Ruzumna, of Patterson Belknap 
Webb & Tyler, LLP, and hereby enters his appearance as Co-Counsel for Defendant Richard D. 
Kahn in his capacity as co-executor of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, and requests that copies 
of all further pleadings and filings be delivered to him at the address appearing below. 
Dated: August 2, 2022	

Respectfully, 	 	


/s/ Daniel S. Ruzumna		
/s/ Gordon C. Rhea
Daniel S. Ruzumna, Esq.	
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
V.I. Bar No. PHV4357	
VI Bar No. 220
Patterson Belknap Webb & Taylor, LLP	
Gordon C. Rhea, PC
1133 Avenue of the Americas		
1533 Appling Drive
New York, New York 10583	 	
Mount Pleasant, SC 29464
Telephone: (212) 336-2034	
340-244-8768
Facsimile: (212) 336-1205	
grhea@rpwb.com
Email: druzumna@pbwt.com		

 Added per VI ST DIST CT RCP Rule 5.4(h)(1).
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
August 02, 2022 06:12 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 


CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on August 2, 2022, I filed the foregoing, which complies with 
the page and/or word limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), with the Clerk of the Court using the 
Court’s electronic filing system and selected the “eService” method to automatically serve the 
following individuals:
Kyle Waldner, Esq.
Christopher Kroblin, Esq.
Shari N. D’Andrade, Esq.
Carol Thomas-Jacobs, Esq. 
Andrew Heymann, Esq.
William L. Blum, Esq. 
/s/ Daniel S. Ruzumna


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.02 Notice of Appearance.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.02.001 Notice Of Entry.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.02.001 Notice Of Entry.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
District of St. Thomas/St. John
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
PLAINTIFF,
v.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, et al.,
DEFENDANTS.                 
Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155
Action: Debt
NOTICE of ENTRY
of
ORDER
To:  Kyle R. Waldner, Esq.
Andrew W. Heymann, Esq. 
 Christopher A. Kroblin, Esq.
William L. Blum, Esq.
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq.
Shari Natalya D'Andrade, Esq.
Ariel M. Smmith, Esq.
Marjorie Beth Whalen, Esq.
Carol L. Thomas-Jacobs, Esq.
Please take notice that on August 02, 2022,
a(n)
Order
dated
August 2, 2022
was entered
by the Clerk in the above-titled matter.
Dated: 
August 02, 2022                   
Tamara Charles
Clerk of the Court
By:
Paula Claxton
Court Clerk III
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
August 02, 2022 02 :54 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT ---------------------------------


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.02.001 Notice Of Entry.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.02.001 Order Signed.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.02.001 Order Signed.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ii\" THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LA ros 
FILED 
Augus t 02, 2022 02 :52 PM 
ST-202 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE CO RT 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS/ ST. JOHN 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; DARREN 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as Executor of 
the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; 
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
Executor of the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN; and NES, LLC, a New York 
Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CASE NO. ST-2020-CV-00155 
Complex Litigation Division 
Action for Indemnification 
ORDER 
THIS MATTER came before the undersigned for a brief status conference. After 
discussing the status of the case, the undersigned directed counsel to meet and confer 
and jointly file a notice on or before Friday, August 5, 2022, stating whether the parties 
would like to present oral argument on the Defendants' motion to dismiss or on the 
motion to intervene filed by the Government of the Virgin Islands. The parties were also 
to notify the Court if there was any consensus regarding the Defendants' statement on 
the record that they would like to file a response to the motion to intervene. Pursuant 
to Rule 85 of the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure, the undersigned's directives 
are hereby reduced to writing. The parties are DIRECTED to SERVE and FILE a NOTICE 
jointly on or before Friday, August 5, 2022, as to whether oral argument is requested 
on the motion to dismiss and/or the motion to intervene as well as whether there is 
any agreement among the parties regarding the Defendants' request to submit a 
response to the motion to intervene. 
In addition to reducing the above to writing, the undersigned notes a concern 
that arose after the status conference had concluded, namely that several attorneys 
appeared remotely for the status conference who have not filed notices of appearance 

Order 
Maxwell v. Estate of Epstein, et al. , ST-2020- CV-00155 
Page 2 of 2 
in this case. So that the record is clear and the Clerk's Office has accurate information 
as to current counsel of record, counsel are directed to review the docket of this case, 
which is available via public access, and either file a notice of appearance for those 
attorney (including any admitted pro hac vice) who are still of record but have not 
formally appeared on this case by filing a notice, or a notice of withdrawal for those 
attorneys (if any) who previously appeared but have subsequently withdrawn. 
DONE and SO ORDERED this 2nd day of August, 2022. 
ATTEST: 
TAMARA CHARLES 
Clerk of the Court 
By: 
~eucQCL ~ 
Court Clerk::W: 
Date: 
g,-;1 ':Jl>:id-: 
~ /J!::::ERr 
Staff Master 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.02.001 Order Signed.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.04.001 Notice of Withdrawal.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.04.001 Notice of Withdrawal.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
********************************* 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. ESTEIN, 
and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CIVIL NO: ST-20-CV-155 
COMPLEX 
NOTICE OF WITHDRAWAL AS COUNSEL 
COMES NOW, KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC, by and through 
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq., and Shari N. D'Andrade, Esq., and hereby files this Notice 
of Withdrawal to withdraw as counsel for Defendant RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN in the above-captioned proceeding 
as Attorney Gordon Rhea has appeared for Richard D. Kahn in his capacity as Executor of the 
Estate of Jeffrey Epstein.  
Respectfully,   
Dated: August 4, 2022 
            /s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin _______________   
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966 & 1221 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
August 04, 2022 04:14 eM 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Notice of Withdrawal 
Page 2 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Facsimile: (888) 316-9269 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on August 4, 2022, I caused a true and exact copy of the 
foregoing Notice of Withdrawal, which complies with the page or word limitation set forth in 
Rule 6-1(e), to be served via VIJEFS upon: 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com 
Carol Thomas Jacobs, Esq. 
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Carol.jacobs@doj.vi.gov 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov 
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
Gordon C. Rhea, P.C. 
1533 Appling Dr. 
Mt. Pleasant, S.C. 29464 
grhea@rpwb.com 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.04.001 Notice of Withdrawal.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.04.002 Notice of Appearance.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.04.002 Notice of Appearance.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
********************************* 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. ESTEIN, 
and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CIVIL NO: ST-20-CV-155 
COMPLEX 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE 
COMES NOW KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC, by and through 
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq., and Shari N. D'Andrade, Esq., and hereby appear for 
Defendant NES, LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company, in the above-captioned 
proceeding. It is respectfully requested that all pleadings, notices, orders, or other documents filed 
in the above-captioned case be served on the undersigned.  
Respectfully,   
Dated: August 4, 2022 
            /s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin _______________   
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966 & 1221 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
August 04, 2022 04:10 eM 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Notice of Appearance  
Page 2 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Facsimile: (888) 316-9269 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on August 4, 2022, I caused a true and exact copy of the 
foregoing Notice of Appearance, which complies with the page or word limitation set forth in 
Rule 6-1(e), to be served via VIJEFS upon: 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com 
Carol Thomas Jacobs, Esq. 
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Carol.jacobs@doj.vi.gov 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov 
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
Gordon C. Rhea, P.C. 
1533 Appling Dr. 
Mt. Pleasant, S.C. 29464 
grhea@rpwb.com 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.04.002 Notice of Appearance.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.04.003 Notice of Appearance.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.04.003 Notice of Appearance.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
********************************* 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. ESTEIN, 
and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CIVIL NO: ST-20-CV-155 
COMPLEX 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE 
COMES NOW KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC, by and through 
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq., and Shari N. D'Andrade, Esq., and hereby appear for 
Defendant DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as the EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN in the above-captioned proceeding. It is respectfully requested that all 
pleadings, notices, orders, or other documents filed in the above-captioned case be served on the 
undersigned.  
Respectfully,   
Dated: August 4, 2022 
            /s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin _______________   
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966 & 1221 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
August 04, 2022 03:46 eM 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Notice of Appearance  
Page 2 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Facsimile: (888) 316-9269 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on August 4, 2022, I caused a true and exact copy of the 
foregoing Notice of Appearance, which complies with the page or word limitation set forth in 
Rule 6-1(e), to be served via VIJEFS upon: 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com 
Carol Thomas Jacobs, Esq. 
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Carol.jacobs@doj.vi.gov 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov 
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
Gordon C. Rhea, P.C. 
1533 Appling Dr. 
Mt. Pleasant, S.C. 29464 
grhea@rpwb.com 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.04.003 Notice of Appearance.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.04.004 Notice of Appearance.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.04.004 Notice of Appearance.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
********************************* 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. ESTEIN, 
and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CIVIL NO: ST-20-CV-155 
COMPLEX 
NOTICE OF APPEARANCE 
COMES NOW, KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC, by and through 
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq., and Shari N. D'Andrade, Esq., and hereby appear for 
Defendant The Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, along with pro hac vice admitted Co-Counsel 
Daniel H. Weiner. It is respectfully requested that all pleadings, notices, orders, or other 
documents filed in the above-captioned case be served on the undersigned. 
Respectfully,   
Dated: August 4, 2022 
            /s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin _______________   
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966 & 1221 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
August 04, 2022 03:51 eM 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Notice of Appearance  
Page 2 
/s/ Daniel H. Weiner        ___________________ 
DANIEL H. WEINER 
V.I. Bar No. PHV4223 
HUGHES HUBBARD & REED LLP 
One Battery Park Plaza 
New York, New York 10004 
Telephone: (212) 837-6460 
Facsimile: (212) 299-6460 
daniel.weiner@hugheshubbard.com 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on August 4, 2022, I caused a true and exact copy of the 
foregoing Notice of Appearance, which complies with the page or word limitation set forth in 
Rule 6-1(e), to be served via VIJEFS upon: 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com 
Carol Thomas Jacobs, Esq. 
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Carol.jacobs@doj.vi.gov 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov 
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
Gordon C. Rhea, P.C. 
1533 Appling Dr. 
Mt. Pleasant, S.C. 29464 
grhea@rpwb.com 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.04.004 Notice of Appearance.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.05 Notice to the Court.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.05 Notice to the Court.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff,  
vs. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
________________________________________ 
JOINT NOTICE TO COURT PURSUANT TO ORDER DATED AUGUST 2, 2022  
Plaintiff GHISLAINE MAXWELL (“Plaintiff”), Defendants ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN, DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as Executor of The Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, 
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as Executor of The Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, and NES, 
LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company (collectively, “Defendants”), and Proposed 
Intervenor GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS (“GVI”), through 
their respective undersigned attorneys, pursuant to this Court’s Order dated August 2, 2022, advise 
as follows:  
1. 
Defendants request oral argument on the motion to dismiss. Plaintiff does not waive, 
and expressly reserves, the right to present oral argument in connection with the motion to dismiss 
should the Court choose to hear the same.  
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
August 05, 2022 03 :58 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 2 of 3 
2. 
Plaintiff and Defendants request oral argument on the motion to intervene. The GVI 
does not waive, and expressly reserves, the right to present oral argument in connection with the 
motion to intervene should the Court choose to hear the same.  
3. 
The GVI objects to any request by Defendants to file a response in opposition to the 
motion to intervene.  
4. 
Plaintiff does not object to any request by Defendants to file a response in opposition 
to the motion to intervene. 
Dated: August 5, 2022  
Respectfully submitted:  
QUINTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A.  
Attorneys for Plaintiff Ghislaine Maxwell 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
T: (340) 693-0230 
F: (340) 693-0300  
By:  
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com       
V.I. Bar No.:  1038 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Attorneys for Defendants Estate of Jefferey E. Epstein, 
Darren K. Indyke in his capacity as Executor of the 
Estate of Jeffery E. Epstein,  and NES, LLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
T: (340) 779-2564 
F: (888) 316-9269 
By:  
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin  
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq. 
ckroblin@kellfer.com    
V.I. Bar No.:  966 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 3 of 3 
GORDON C. RHEA, P.C. 
Attorneys for Defendant Richard D. Kahn 
1533 Appling Dr. 
Mt. Pleasant, S.C. 29464 
T: (340) 244-8768 
By:  
/s/ Gordon C. Rhea 
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
grhea@rpwb.com  
V.I. Bar No.:  ___ 
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
Attorneys for Proposed Intervenor Government of the 
United States Virgin Islands 
DENISE N. GEORGE, ESQUIRE 
ATTORNEY GENERAL 
By: 
/s/_Carol Thomas-Jacobs______________  
Carol Thomas-Jacobs, Esq.  
Ariel M. Smith, Esq.  
Assistant Attorneys General   
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Tel: (340) 774-5666  
Email:  carol.jacobs@doj.vi.gov  
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov  


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.05 Notice to the Court.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.09 Notice Of Entry.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.09 Notice Of Entry.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
District of St. Thomas/St. John
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
PLAINTIFF,
v.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, et al.,
DEFENDANTS.                 
Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155
Action: Debt
NOTICE of ENTRY
of
ORDER
To:  Kyle R. Waldner, Esq.
Andrew W. Heymann, Esq. 
 Christopher A. Kroblin, Esq.
William L. Blum, Esq.
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq.
Shari Natalya D'Andrade, Esq.
Ariel M. Smith, Esq.
Marjorie Beth Whalen, Esq.
Carol L. Thomas-Jacobs, Esq.
Please take notice that on August 09, 2022,
a(n)
Order
dated
August 9, 2022
was entered
by the Clerk in the above-titled matter.
Dated: 
August 09, 2022                   
Tamara Charles
Clerk of the Court
By:
Paula Claxton
Court Clerk III
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
August 09, 2022 12 :44 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT ---------------------------------


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.09 Notice Of Entry.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.09 Order Signed.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.09 Order Signed.pdf
----------------------------------------
I • TUE SUPERIOR COURT 
OPTFf£ VIRGI ISLANDS 
FILED 
August 09, 2022 11: 23 AM 
ST-2020-CV-00155 
TAMARA CFIARLE 
CLERK OF TFIE CO RT 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS / ST. JOHN 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
V. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; DARREN 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as Executor of 
the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; 
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
Executor of the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN; and NES, LLC, a New York 
Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CASE NO. ST-2020-CV-00155 
Complex Litigation Division 
Action for Indemnification 
ORDER 
THIS MATTER is before the undersigned further to the Joint Notice filed by 
Plaintiff, the Defendants, and the proposed Intervenor Government of the United States 
Virgin Islands. Defendants request oral argument on their motion to dismiss, which 
Plaintiff does not oppose. Plaintiff and Defendants request oral argument on the 
Government's motion to intervene. Defendants also indicate that they would like to file 
a response to the Government's motion to intervene, which the Government opposes. 
Pursuant to Administrative Order No. 2021-0012, the Staff Master has broad 
authority-in master cases and individual cases under master cases-to "[r]egulate all 
proceedings by ... addressing pretrial and posttrial matters .... " (Admin. Order No. 
2021-0012, p.3.) This case is not a under a master case, however, and thus, the Staff 
Master's authority is not as broad. But in all complex cases, the Staff Master has 
authority to "[m]ake or recommend findings of facts and conclusions of law on 
dispositive motions," to "[m)ake formal and informal recommendations and reports to 
the judge regarding any matter pertinent to the proceedings[,]" and to u[c]onduct legal 
analysis of parties' motions or other submissions and make recommended findings of 
facts and conclusions of law .... 
Id. The Staff Master also has authority to "[e]stablish, 

manage and supervise discovery plans and other related schedules .... " Id. at 2. 
Consequently, while the undersigned may not be able to decide whether to grant the 
Defendants leave to respond to the motion to intervene out of time, the undersigned 
can establish a schedule by when such motion should be filed. Accordingly, it is hereby 
ORDERED that the following deadlines shall govern further briefing on the 
motion to intervene: if Defendants intend to request leave to respond to the motion to 
intervene, they must serve and file a motion on or before Friday, August 19, 2022; 
Plaintiff and the Government of the United States Virgin Islands may serve and file a 
Response on or before Friday, August 26, 2022; and Defendants may serve and file a 
Reply on or before Friday, September 2, 2022. In order to reduce further delay, and 
assuming a motion for leave to respond out of time is filed, it is further 
ORDERED that any responses and replies to the motion to intervene should be 
served and filed by the same deadlines given above, but as a stand-alone document, 
and not as an attachment to another filing. Counsel are advised that this briefing 
schedule is intended to reduce delay and does not mean that further briefing on the 
motion to intervene will be considered by the undersigned or the Judge. Should the 
Judge decide to grant the motion for leave to file out of time, (if such motion is filed), 
the briefing will already be on file. Should the Judge decide to deny the motion, the 
additional briefing can be stricken. It is further 
ORDERED that this matter is scheduled for a remote Hearing and Oral 
Argument on Friday, September 16, 2022, at 10:00 a.m. on (1) the motion to dismiss 
filed by Defendants on May 1, 2020; and (2) the motion to intervene filed by the 
Government of the United States Virgin Islands on July 13, 2020. The undersigned will 
also hear argument on (3) the motion for leave to file a response to the motion to 
intervene out of time, assuming such motion is filed. 
DONE and SO ORDERED this 9th day of August, 2022. 
ATTEST: 
~
EP~l= 
TAMARA CHARLES 
Staff Master 
Cle~
eCourt 
sy: 
v.fb C.£;.'fu-
cou~ c1~ k 
Date:
· 
c2??/22c9 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.09 Order Signed.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.25 Exhibit - Litigant Data Form.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.25 Exhibit - Litigant Data Form.pdf
----------------------------------------
FILED 
August 25, 2022 01:16 eM 
ST-2 020-CV-001 55 
CHARL 
THE OURT 
Plaintiff(s) - Page 1 
CASE INFORMATION AND LITIGANT DATA FORM 
CASE NO. ST-2020-CV-00155 
DATE OF FILING: 0311212020 
-------- -
PARTY INFORMATION 
PLAINTIFF 1: ( FULL NAME) 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
ALIAS: ______________ _ 
PLACE OF BIRTH: __________ 
_ 
DOB:__j_~---
MONTH/DAY /YEAR 
MAILING ADDRESS: (Include zip code) 
FCI TALLAHASSEE - FEDERAL CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION 
P.O. BOX 5000 
TALLAHASSEE, FL 32314 
PHYSICAL ADDRESS: 
501 CAPITAL CIRCLE, NE 
TALLAHASSEE, FL 32301 
PLACE OF EMPLOYMENT: 
EMAIL ADDRESS: 
HOME TELEPHONE: ( 850 )_87_8_-2_17_3 _____ 
_ 
CELL NUMBER: ( _
_ ) _
_ ___ __ 
_ 
WORK NO.: _( __ 
) _
_ ___ __ 
_ 
FAX NO.: _( ___ ) _ ________ _ 
PLAINTIFF 2: (FULL NAME) 
PLACE OF BIRTH: __________ 
_ 
DOB:__} __ 
_, ___ _ 
MONTH/DAY /YEAR 
( __ ) _________ _ 
(_) _
_ _____ 
_ 
( __ 
) _________ _ 
( __ ) _________ _ 
ATTORNEY INFORMATION 
CHECK HERE IF APPEARING PRO SE (ON YOUR OWN BEHALF, WITHOUT AN ATTORNEY) 
ATTORNEY 1: 
{FULL NAME) 
ATTORNEY 2: {FULL NAME) 
MAILING ADDRESS: (Include zip code) 
PH~CAL OFFICE ADDRESS: 
LJ 
Check if Same as Mailing Address 
D Check if Same as Mailing Address 
EMAIL ADDRESS: 
HOME TELEPHONE:( __ ) _ ___ ____ 
_ 
( _ _ ) _ _ __________ _ 
CELLNUMBER: ( __ ) _________ _ 
( __ ) _ _ __________ _ 
WORK NO.:_( __ 
) _________ 
_ 
( __ ) ___________ _ 
FAX NO.:_( ___ ) _ ___ ___ ___ 
_ 
( __ ) _____ _______ _ 
REV 05/2013 
Super. Ct. Form No. 013GEN 

Plaintiff(s) - Page 2 
CASE INFORMATION AND LITIGANT DATA FORM 
□ 
Check here if there are more than two (2) plaintiffs and/or plaintiffs' attorneys involved in this case, 
and attach a separate sheet that includes the required information for all such additional persons. 
CASE INFORMATION 
Place an X next to the case type that best describes this case: 
CIVIL ACTIONS: 
TRACK 1: 
(Basic): 
TRACK 2: 
(Standard) 
TRACK 3: 
(Complex) 
TRACK 4: 
(Review/ 
Administrative 
Appeals) 
TRACKS: 
{Specialized 
Actions/PITA) 
TRACK 6: 
(EMERGENCY 
/EXPEDITED 
PETITIONS) 
REV 05/2013 
D Debt/Foreclosure D Eminent Domain 
D Condemnation 
D Debt Collection 
D Enforcement of Settlement/ Arbitration Award □E nforcement and Execution Actions 
Contract (Goods, Employment Contracts, Buyer-Plaintiff disputes over goods; Other) 
D Intentional Torts {Non-personal injury; Personal Injury; assault battery; intentional infliction of 
emotional distress, etc.) D Real Property Disl2,!d,tes (Partition/Quiet Title/Ownership-Use 
disputes/Boundary disputes/Values Disputes) bl Tax-related matters D Non-domestic 
relations Injunctive Relief Actions (Perm anent and Preliminary Injunction)* D Automobile 
negligence (to include personal injury, property loss and wrongful death resulting therefrom) 
D Malpractice (medical, legal, other professional) D Premises 
Liability 
D 
Slander/Libel/Defamation D 
Negligence 
D Negligent infliction of 
emotional distress D Fraud/Bad Faith 0 
Civil-Other (civil actions not specifically listed in a 
separate case type, for example:Civil Contempt actions; Action for Declaratory Judgment; Actions 
for Accounting; Appointment of Receiver; Enforcement of Equitable Liens; Equitable Relief; 
lnterpleader; Wrongful Attachment and Stay of Execution, Conciliation; Conciliation; Dissolution 
of Instrument; Dissolution of Partnership; Forfeiture) 
(*NOTE: Temporary Restraining Orders/Injunctive Relief are filed as emergency actions and 
considered on Track 6. Permanent and Preliminary injunctions are considered on this track) 
D Class Action 
D Product Liability D Toxic Tort 
D Product Liability-Tobacco 
D Wrongful/Employment Disputes 
D Writ of Review/Admin. Appeal 
D Petition for Review of Magistrate Decision 
D Habeas Corpus/Prisoner petitions 
D Expungement D Extradition O Foreign Judgment 
D Judicial Review/Mandamus D Civil Miscellaneous-Other (civil miscellaneous actions not 
specifically listed in a separate case type, to include: Petitions for mediator 
qualification/certification petitions; process server qualification; Letter Rogatory/pre-case 
discovery petitions etc.) 
D 
Small Claims 
D 
Landlord/Tenant/FED 
□ Petition for Temporary Restraining Order 
□ Other Emergency Petitions 
Super. Ct. Form No. 013GEN 

Plaintiff(s) - Page 3 
FAMILY ACTIONS: 
TRACK 1: 
O Uncontested Divorce, Dissolution of Vesper Marriage O Legal Separation 
SUMMARY 
O Visitation□ 
P a ternity;□ Adoption; 0 Conservatorship/Trusteeship; O Name Change, 
PROCEEDINGS O PINS petitions, 0 Guardianship (Juvenile) 
TRACK 2: 
D Custody {UCCA, Foreign Judgment, and Private Custody); O Child support (All child support) 
STANDARD 
D Abuse; Neglect; D Dependency/Child Victim; O Contested Divorce 
TRACK 3: 
O Juvenile Delinquency; O Custody (Public); □Termination of Parental Rights 
COMPLEX 
TRACK 4: 
O Petition for Restraining Order (DV); D Involuntary Commitment; D Guardianship (Adult); 
EMERGENCY 
O Marriage Application; O Emergency Relief of any kind (i.e. emergency temporary custody, 
PETITIONS 
etc.) 
PROBATE ACTIONS: 
TRACK 1: 
SUMMARY 
OR EXPEDITED 
PROCEEDINGS 
TRACK 2: 
STANDARD 
D Summary Administration; D Settlement Without Administration; D Wills for Safekeeping; 
O Ancillary Probate Matters; D Registration of Foreign Wills 
□ 
O Settlement WITH Administration, D Probate for Wrongful Death Actions; □P robate by 
Creditor; D All other Probate matters not specified in Track 1. 
UST /SPECIFY ALL CAUSES OF ACTION PLED: Action tor indemnification under contract, common law, and 
corporations law theories. 
SIGNATURE(S) -- (Each Plaintiff's Attorney or Pro Se Litigant is Required to Sign and Date the document below): 
Kyle R. Waldner 
PRINT 
PRINT 
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
SIGNATURE 
SIGNATURE 
8/19/2022 
DATED 
DATED 
REV 05/2013 
Super. Ct. Form No. 013GEN 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.25 Exhibit - Litigant Data Form.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.25 Exhibit - Verification.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.25 Exhibit - Verification.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff,  
vs. 
ESTATE 
OF 
JEFFREY 
E. 
EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his 
capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE 
OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
________________________________________ 
VERIFIED STATEMENT OF KYLE R. WALDNER 
IN SUPPORT OF MOTION TO WITHDRAW 
I, Kyle R. Waldner, pursuant to V.I.R.Civ.P. 84, state that: 
1. 
I am an attorney at law licensed to practice before all Courts in the Virgin Islands. 
2. 
I, through the law firm of Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. (collectively, 
the “Firm”), represent Plaintiff Ghislaine Maxwell (the “Client”) in the captioned matter. 
3. 
I have personal knowledge of the facts stated herein. 
4. 
The Firm has notified the Client of its intent to withdraw from the representation 
in this matter, which efforts are accurately described in the Firm’s Motion to Withdraw as 
Counsel for Plaintiff filed on August 25, 2022.  
5. 
The Client has been advised to obtain new counsel, and will be provided, by U.S. 
Mail with a copy of the Firm’s motion to withdraw pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 6-5.  
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
August 25, 2022 01:16 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 2 of 2 
I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. Executed this 
25th day of August, 2022. 
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.25 Exhibit - Verification.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.25 Motion.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.25 Motion.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff,  
vs. 
ESTATE 
OF 
JEFFREY 
E. 
EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his 
capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE 
OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
________________________________________ 
MOTION TO WITHDRAW AS COUNSEL FOR PLAINTIFF 
Pursuant to V.I. Supreme Court Rule 211.1.16(b) and V.I.R.Civ.P. 6-5, Quintairos, 
Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. and Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. (collectively, the “Firm”), hereby move 
to withdraw as counsel of record for Plaintiff GHISLAINE MAXWELL. In support hereof, the 
Firm states: 
1. 
The Firm was retained as counsel for Plaintiff pursuant to a certain engagement 
agreement, which required Plaintiff to timely pay the Firm’s invoices for services rendered in 
this matter. The agreement also gave the Firm the right to terminate the engagement and 
withdraw from this representation for non-payment of any invoice. 
2. 
The Firm provided legal services to Plaintiff in connection with this matter and 
invoiced Plaintiff for legal fees and expenses incurred. Thereafter, despite repeated requests, 
Plaintiff has failed to make payments to satisfy the Firm’s outstanding invoices. The Firm has 
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
August 25, 2022 01:16 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 2 of 4 
determined that this representation will result in an unreasonable financial burden on it and has 
been rendered unreasonably difficult by these failures. 
3. 
On August 1, 2022, the Firm notified Plaintiff through her representatives 
(including her brother, Kevin Maxwell) that unless payment was received, it would seek 
withdrawal. Having not received the requested payment, on August 16, 2022 the Firm 
communicated to Plaintiff via certified mail, addressed to FCI Tallahassee, P.O. Box 5000, 
Tallahassee, FL 32314, with a copy by email to Plaintiff’s representatives, that it has terminated 
its representation of Plaintiff in this matter pursuant to V.I.S.CT.R. 211.1.16(b) and would 
withdraw as counsel. The Firm advised that Plaintiff should secure substitute counsel as soon as 
possible, and that it would arrange for a swift transfer of the file to Plaintiff’s new counsel.  
4. 
The termination of the attorney-client relationship is addressed by V.I.S.CT.R. 
211.1.16, which provides in part that, “a lawyer may withdraw from representing the interests of 
the client if: (1) withdrawal can be accomplished without material adverse effect on the interests 
of the client; … (5) the client fails substantially to fulfill an obligation to the lawyer regarding 
the lawyer's services and has been given reasonable warning that the lawyer will withdraw unless 
the obligation is fulfilled; (6) the representation will result in an unreasonable financial burden 
on the lawyer or has been rendered unreasonably difficult by the client; or (7) other good cause 
for withdrawal exists.” 
5. 
Given the present circumstances, withdrawal at this point can be accomplished 
without material adverse impact upon Plaintiff,1 while compelling the Firm to represent a client 
Two motions are presently pending: (1) the Estate’s Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff’s 
Complaint; and (2) the Government of the Virgin Islands’ Motion to Intervene. Both motions are 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 3 of 4 
not paying its invoices would represent an unreasonable financial burden upon it. Accordingly, 
the Firm should be permitted to withdraw pursuant to V.I.S.CT.R. 211.1.16(b)(1). 
6. 
In support of this motion, pursuant to V.I.R.Civ.P. 6-5, the Firm submits the 
attached verified statement and updated civil litigant data form for Plaintiff.  Further, as reflected 
in the certificate of service below, these moving papers will be served upon Plaintiff via U.S. 
Mail.   
WHEREFORE, the Firm respectfully asks this Court to grant it leave to withdraw its 
appearance on behalf of Plaintiff, to relieve and absolve it of further responsibility in this matter, 
to stay all existing deadlines for sixty (60) day to afford Plaintiff time to obtain new counsel, and 
grant such other and further relief as this Court deems proper and just. 
Dated: August 25, 2022 
Respectfully submitted, 
QUINTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A.  
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156  
T: (340) 693-0230 
F: (340) 693-0300  
By:  
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com       
V.I. Bar No.:  1038 
fully briefed. The parties have not yet had a Rule 16 conference and discovery has not yet 
commenced. Given the posture of this matter, the Firm’s withdrawal can be accomplished 
without material adverse effect on Plaintiff because there is time for new counsel to appear and 
get up to speed before the discovery phase in this matter commences.  In an abundance of 
caution, the Firm further requests that the Court enter a sixty (60) day stay of this matter to 
afford Plaintiff time to obtain new counsel.  

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 4 of 4 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on August 25, 2022, I filed the foregoing, which complies 
with the page or word limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), with the Clerk of the Court using the 
Court’s electronic filing system, which will send a notice of such filing to the following:       
Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
ckroblin@kellfer.com    
Ariel M. Smith, Esq. (AAG) 
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
Office of the Attorney General  
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov  
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
GORDON C. RHEA, PC 
1533 Appling Dr. 
Mt. Pleasant, SC 29464 
grhea@rpwb.com  
I will also cause a copy of the foregoing motion to be served by U.S. Mail to: 
Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell 
Register Number: 02879-509 
FCI Tallahassee 
Federal Correctional Institution 
P.O. Box 5000 
Tallahassee, FL  32314 
/s/ Kyle R. Waldner 
Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.25 Motion.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.25 Proposed Order.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.08.25 Proposed Order.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN
CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
Plaintiff, 
vs.
ESTATE 
OF 
JEFFREY 
E. 
EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his 
capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE 
OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York Limited Liability Company,
Defendants.
________________________________________
ORDER
THIS MATTER is before the Court on the Motion to Withdraw as Counsel for Plaintiff 
filed by Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. and Kyle R. Waldner, Esq.   It appearing that all 
parties have been duly served and that movants have complied with the requirements of V.I. S. 
CT. R. 211.1.16(b) and V.I. R. CIV. P. 6-5, and the premises having been considered, it is 
hereby:
ORDERED that the Motion to Withdraw as Counsel for Plaintiff is GRANTED and that 
Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. and Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. are relieved and absolved of 
further responsibility in this matter; and it is further  
ORDERED that this matter is stayed for sixty (60) days from the date of entry of this 
Order to afford Plaintiff time to retain new counsel; and it is further  
ORDERED that Plaintiff shall obtain new counsel and notify the Court of new counsel 
within sixty (60) days from the date of entry of this Order; and it is further  
ORDERED that, until such time that new counsel enters an appearance on Plaintiff’s 
behalf herein, all further pleadings, motions, discovery, orders, and any and all other 
communications concerning this matter be sent to Plaintiff by U.S. Mail to: Ms. Ghislaine 
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
August 25, 2022 01:20 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

CIVIL CASE NO.:  ST-2020-CV-00155
Page 2 of 2
- 2 -
Maxwell, Register Number: 02879-509, FCI Tallahassee, P.O. Box 5000, Tallahassee, FL  
32314; and it is further
ORDERED that a copy of this Order shall be delivered to counsel of record. 
Dated: ____________________, 2022
__________________________________
HON. HAROLD W.L. WILLOCKS
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT               
ATTEST:
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
TAMARA CHARLES 
Clerk of the Court
By:
_________________________


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.08.25 Proposed Order.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.09.07 Order Granting.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.09.07 Order Granting.pdf
----------------------------------------
I • TIit SUPERIOR Ol T 
OF THE HRGI N I l,A ·os 
FILED 
September 07, 2022 05 : 25 ~~ 
ST-2 020-CV-0 0155 
TA lARACA RL 
CLERK OF THE COURT 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
ESTATE 
OF 
JEFFREY 
E. 
EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY 
E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his 
capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE 
OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
ORDER 
CIVIL CASE NO.: ST-2020-CV-00155 
THIS MATTER is before the Court on the Motion to Withdraw as Counsel for Plaintiff 
filed by Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. and Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. It appearing that all 
parties have been duly served and that movants have complied with the requirements of V.I. S. 
CT. R. 21 l.l.16(b) and V.1. R. CIV. P. 6-5, and the premises having been considered, it is 
hereby: 
ORDERED that the Motion to Withdraw as Counsel for Plaintiff is GRANTED and that 
Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer, P.A. and Kyle R. Waldner, Esq. are relieved and absolved of 
further responsibility in this matter; and it is further 
ORDERED that this matter is stayed for sixty (60) days from the date of entry of this 
Order to afford Plaintiff time to retain new counsel; and it is further 
ORDERED that Plaintiff shall obtain new counsel and notify the Court of new counsel 
within sixty (60) days from the date of entry of this Order; and it is further 
ORDERED that, until such time that new counsel enters an appearance on Plaintiff's 
behalf herein, all further pleadings, motions, discovery, orders, and any and all other 
communications concerning this matter be sent to Plaintiff by U.S. Mail to: Ms. Ghislaine 

CIVIL CASE NO.: ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 2 of2 
Maxwell, Register Number: 02879-509, FCI Tallahassee, P.O. Box 5000, Tallahassee, FL 
32314; and it is further 
ORDERED that a copy of this Order shall be delivered to counsel of record. 
D"ed 5, \#0J,n_ f, 
, 2022 
c ~ 
ci( µ§)t 
HON. HAROLD W.L. WILLOCKS 
ATTEST: 
TAMARA CHARLES 
Clerk of the Court 
, 
,,, 
~// 
By: 
~ 
/J--,-
A/J-ll?Z~ 
- 2 -
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.09.07 Order Granting.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.09.08 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2022.09.08 Notice of Entry of Judgment.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
District of St. Thomas/St. John
Ghislaine Maxwell,
Plaintiff,
v.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN K. 
INDYKE in his capacity as EXECUTOR of THE 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF HIE ES 
IAIE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York limited Liability Company,
Defendants.    
 Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155
 Action: Debt
NOTICE of ENTRY
of
   ORDER
To:  Ghislaine Maxwell
Shari N. D’Andrade, Esq.
 Kyle R. Waldner, Esq.
Andrew W. Heymann, Esq.
 Christopher A. Kroblin, Esq.
Williams L. Blum, Esq.
Daniel S. Ruzumma, Esq.
Marjorie Whalen, Esq.
Ariel M. Smith, Esq.
Carol L. Thomas-Jacobs, Esq.
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq.
Please take notice that on September 8, 2022
a(n)
ORDER
dated
September 7, 2022
was/were entered
by the Clerk in the above-titled matter.
Dated: 
September 8, 2022           
Tamara Charles
Clerk of the Court
By:
Cheryl Parris
Court Clerk III
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
September OS, 2022 06:01 ~~ 
ST-20 20-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2022.09.08 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.02.15 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2023.02.15 Notice of Entry of Judgment.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
District of St. Thomas/St. John
Ghislaine Maxwell,
Plaintiff,
v.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN K. 
INDYKE in his capacity as EXECUTOR of THE 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF HIE ES 
IAIE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York limited Liability Company,
Defendants.                                    
 Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155
 Action: Debt
NOTICE of ENTRY
of
   ORDER
To:  Ghislaine Maxwell
 Gordon C. Rhea, Esq.
 Christopher A. Kroblin, Esq.
Andrew W. Heymann, Esq.
Williams L. Blum, Esq.
Shari N. D’Andrade, Esq.
Carol L. Thomas-Jacobs, Esq.
Ariel M. Smith, Esq.
Daniel S. Ruzumma, Esq.
Marjorie Whalen, Esq.
Please take notice that on February 15, 2023
a(n)
ORDER
dated
February 15, 2023
was/were entered
by the Clerk in the above-titled matter.
   Dated: 
February 15, 2023           
Tamara Charles
Clerk of the Court
By:
Cheryl Parris
Court Clerk III
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
february 15, 2 023 05 : 07 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.02.15 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.02.15 Order Scheduling Hearing.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2023.02.15 Order Scheduling Hearing.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
februa r y 15 , 2023 04: 54 ~M 
ST- 202 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS / ST. JOHN 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
V. 
EST ATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; DARREN 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as Executor of 
the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN; 
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
Executor of the ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN; and NES, LLC, a New York 
Limited Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
Case No. ST-2020-CV-0015 5 
Complex Litigation Division 
Action for Indemnification 
ORDER 
THIS MATTER is before the undersigned following a review of the case. On 
September 7, 2022, the Court (Willocks, J.) granted a motion filed by Kyle R. Waldner, 
Esq. on August 25, 2022, asking permission to withdraw as attorney for Plaintiff 
Ghislaine Maxwell. The order granting Attorney Waldner's motion was entered the next 
day, on September 8, 2022, and a copy was served on Ms. Maxwell on September 15, 
2022. To date, Ms. Maxwell has not responded to the order and her case remains 
pending without movement. To determine if Ms. Maxwell intends to pursue her claims, 
the undersigned will hold a hearing. 
Accordingly, it is hereby 
ORDERED that this matter is scheduled for a remote Hearing before the 
undersigned on Friday, March 17, 2023 at 10:00 a.m. AST (9:00 a.m. ET) via Microsoft 
Teams. As Ms. Maxwell is, at present, without an attorney, the undersigned directs the 
Clerk's Office to forward a copy of this order to the institution where she is incarcerated 
(FCI 
Tallahassee) 
at 
the 
email 
address 
listed 
on 
its 
website: 
TAL-
ExecAssistant@bop.gov The undersigned further requests that, if FCI Tallahassee 
cannot facilitate Ms. Maxwell appearing remotely via Microsoft Teams, the Institution 
notify the Staff Master at Joseph.Gasper@vicourts.org as soon as possible so other 

Maxwell v. Estate of Epstein, et al.
_________________________________ 
_______________________ 
_______________________ 
02-15-2023
Order 
, ST-2020-CV-00155 
Page 2 of 2 
arrangements can be made. The undersigned also requests that FCI Tallahassee notify 
the Staff Master by email if there is a conflict with the date of the hearing. It is further 
ORDERED that a copy of this order be served on Plaintiff via certified mail, 
return-receipt requested, at the address listed in the September 7, 2022 Order, and 
forwarded to counsel for the Defendants, and to counsel for the Government of the 
Virgin Islands in light of the Government's pending motion to intervene. 
DONE and SO ORDERED this 15th day of February, 2023. 
ATTEST: 
TAMARA CHARLES 
Clerk of;
C~ rt 
By: 
/J,r. 
Cou t Clerk 
Date: 
~
P~
Rr 
Staff Master 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.02.15 Order Scheduling Hearing.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.02.21 Motion To Intervene.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2023.02.21 Motion To Intervene.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
******************************** 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Case No. ST-20-CV-155 
PLAINTIFF, 
V. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN 
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. 
EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
DEFENDANTS. 
GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS’  
WITHDRAWAL OF MOTION TO INTERVENE 
The Government of the United States Virgin Islands (“Government”), by and through its 
undersigned counsel, hereby withdraws it Motion to Intervene, which was filed in the above-
captioned action on July 10, 2020, in light of the Government’s recent settlement of its separately-
filed action against Defendant the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein. 
Respectfully submitted, 
CAROL THOMAS-JACOBS, ESQUIRE 
ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL 
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
Dated: February 21, 2023 
By: 
/s/ Ariel M. Smith__________ 
ARIEL M. SMITH, ESQUIRE 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Email: ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov  
(340) 774-5666 ext. 10155 
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
february 21, 2023 01 : 56 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
IT IS HEREBY CERTIFIED that a true and correct copy of the foregoing Withdrawal of 
Motion to Intervene was served via regular mail, postage prepaid, with a courtesy copy sent by 
email to counsel of record on February 21, 2023 to: 
KYLE R. WALDNER, ESQ. 
QUINTAIROS, PRIETO, WOOD & BOYER, P.A. 
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor 
Miami, FL 33156 
E-mail: kwaldner@qpwblaw.com 
DAVID CATTIE, ESQ. 
THE CATTIE LAW FIRM, P.C. 
1710 Kongens Gade 
St. Thomas, V.I., 00802 
e-mail:  david.cattie@cattie-law.com  
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
ANDREW W. HEYMANN, ESQ., 
WILLIAM BLUM, ESQ. 
SHARI D’ANDRADE, ESQ. 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802-3602 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com   
aheymann@solblum.com   
wblum@solblum.com  
sdandrade@kellfer.com   
mwhalen@kellfer.com  
ANDREW TOMBACK 
McLaughlin & Stern, LLP 
260 Madison Avenue 
New York, New York 10016 
United States 
Email: ATomback@mclaughlinstern.com 
DANIEL WEINER 
MARC A. WEINSTEIN 
HUGHES HUBBARD & REID, LLP 
One Battery Park Plaza 
New York, NY 10004-1482 
United States 
Email: daniel.weiner@hugheshubbard.com 

marc.weinstein@hugheshubbard.com 
By: 
/s/ Ariel M. Smith  
ARIEL M. SMITH, ESQUIRE 
Assistant Attorney General 
Virgin Islands Department of Justice 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade 
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802 
Email: ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov  
(340) 774-5666 ext. 10155 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.02.21 Motion To Intervene.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.02.21 Proposed Order.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2023.02.21 Proposed Order.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN
********************************
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
Case No. ST-20-CV-155
PLAINTIFF,
V.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN
K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN,
RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E.
EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a New York Limited
Liability Company,
DEFENDANTS.
ORDER 
Before the Court is the Government’s Withdrawal of its Motion to Intervene filed on July 
10, 2020.  In support of its motion to withdraw, the Government points to its recent settlement of 
its separately filed action against Defendant the Estate of Jeffery E. Epstein.  Based on the 
foregoing, it is hereby 
ORDERED that the Government’s Withdrawal of its Motion to Intervene is GRANTED; 
and it is further 
ORDERED that a copy of this Order shall be served on all counsel of record.
__________________________________________
Judge of the Superior Court
ATTEST:
By: _____________________________
Clerk of Superior Court 
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
february 21, 2023 01 : 56 ~M 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.02.21 Proposed Order.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.03.17 Hearing - Record Of Proceeding.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2023.03.17 Hearing - Record Of Proceeding.pdf
----------------------------------------
 RECORD OF PROCEEDINGS
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
District of St. Thomas/St. John
GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
PLAINTIFF,
v.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, et al.,
DEFENDANTS.                                  
Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155
Action: Debt  
Type of Case: ☒Civil   ☐Domestic Relations   ☐Small Claims   ☐Probate   
Date of Trial: March 17, 2023    
Ghislane Maxwell Appeared: ☒Yes  ☐No    Appeared: ☐Yes  ☐No   
Witness Sworn: ☐Yes  ☒No            
Defendant Acknowledged Debt: ☐Yes  ☐No   
Amount Sued for: Click or tap here to enter text. 
Case Postponed to: 
ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF
ATTORNEY FOR DEFENDANT
Ghislaine Maxwell, Pro se
Gorden . Rhea, Esq., Shari N. D’Andrade, Esq., 
Daniel S. Ruzumma, Esq.
WITNESS FOR PLAINTIFF
WITNESS FOR DEFENDANT
By Default: ☐Yes   ☐No                              
Case Dismissed: ☐Yes   ☐No  
Amount Judgement: 
$ 
Court Cost: 
$
Attorney’s Fee:
$
Clerk Notes
This matter came on for a Status Conference.  The court ask Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell if it is her intent to proceed with 
the lawsuit or squashed it.  Ms. Maxwell replied to the court she would proceed with the lawsuit, and also she is 
looking for new counsel and asking the court for more time to find new counsel. The Attorneys for the Defendants 
have no objections for her getting an additional Sixty (60) days to find counsel.
Commenced:
10:00 a.m.
Staff Master Presiding:
Joseph Gasper, II
Adjourned:
10:04 a.m.
Court Reporter:
Randall Belsvik
By:
Paula Claxton
Court Clerk III
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
March 17, 2023 10 : 44 AM 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.03.17 Hearing - Record Of Proceeding.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.09.19 Co-Executors' Motion to Dismiss.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2023.09.19 Co-Executors' Motion to Dismiss.pdf
----------------------------------------
14411959 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
********************************* 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. ESTEIN, 
and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CIVIL NO: ST-20-CV-155 
COMPLEX 
CO-EXECUTORS’MOTION TO DISMISS FOR FAILURE TO PROSECUTE OR, 
ALTERNATIVELY, TO COMPEL HER TO APPEAR PRO SE 
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, by and through their undersigned 
counsel, in their capacity as Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Estate”), and 
on behalf of the Estate and NES, LLC (“NES”), an entity administered in probate by the Co-
Executors as part of the Estate (collectively, “Defendants”), respectfully submit this motion to 
dismiss for failure to prosecute, pursuant to Virgin Islands Rule of Civil Procedure 41(b), or 
alternatively to compel Plaintiff to appear pro se so that the action may proceed so that the pending 
motion to dismiss can be adjudicated.  
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
September 19, 2023 08:20 ~~ 
ST-20 2 0-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Plaintiff Ghislaine Maxwell (“Maxwell”) brings this action against Defendants seeking 
common law and contractual indemnification for attorneys’ fees and other costs incurred in 
unsuccessfully defending herself in a criminal prosecution brought in the Southern District of New 
York.  On September 7, 2022, the Court permitted Maxwell’s counsel to withdraw and ordered 
Maxwell to obtain new counsel within 60 days, and entered a stay of the proceedings.  Maxwell 
did not obtain new counsel within the designated period, nor in the following four months.  At a 
hearing on March 17, 2023, Maxwell was again ordered to obtain new counsel within 60 days, but 
again failed to do so then or in the months following.   Despite the Court’s order and despite that 
she, as the plaintiff, initiated this action, Maxwell has not obtained new counsel and has not entered 
her appearance pro se.  Her refusal to follow court orders and to prosecute this case warrants 
dismissal pursuant to Virgin Islands Rule of Procedure 41(b).  Specifically, under the factors 
articulated by the Virgin Islands Supreme Court in Halliday v. Footlocker Specialty, Inc., 53 V.I. 
505, 510 (V.I. 2010), the Court should dismiss Maxwell’s claim because: (1) Maxwell is 
personally responsible for obtaining counsel in this matter; (2) Defendants are prejudiced by 
Maxwell’s dilatory conduct as it has stalled this action for over a year; (3) Maxwell has a history 
of dilatory conduct as she has now disregarded two Court orders; (4) Maxwell’s conduct is willful 
as she is aware of the Court’s orders and has neither followed them nor, if she cannot afford new 
counsel, appeared pro se; (5) dismissal is an appropriate sanction; and (6) Maxwell’s 
indemnification claims fail on their face.  Thus, for the reasons set forth in this brief, the Court 
should dismiss the Complaint under Rule 41(b) or order her to appear pro se within 30 days so that 
the case may proceed.   
BACKGROUND 

On March 12, 2020, Maxwell instituted this action against the Estate and NES, seeking 
contractual and common law indemnification of attorneys’ fees and other costs incurred as a result 
of her criminal prosecution in the Southern District of New York.  Maxwell alleges that these costs 
were incurred “by reason of her prior employment relationship with Jeffrey E. Epstein and his 
affiliated businesses.”  Compl. ¶ 1.  On May 1, 2020, the Estate and NES moved to dismiss 
Maxwell’s complaint pursuant to Virgin Islands Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) because (1) 
Maxwell’s claim against the Co-Executors was premature; and (2) Maxwell’s indemnification 
claims are barred by NES’s 2014 operating agreement.  On June 1, 2020, the parties jointly moved 
for a stay of the action until the statutory one-year waiting period elapsed on September 7, 2020.  
The Court granted the parties’ motion, and a stay was entered.  The stay was lifted on September 
8, 2020, and Maxwell filed her opposition to the motion to dismiss.  On September 11, 2020, the 
Co-Executors of the Estate formally rejected Maxwell’s claim for indemnification.  Subsequently, 
Defendants filed a reply in support of their motion to dismiss, arguing that Maxwell’s claims for 
indemnification were unripe until judgments were rendered in the civil and criminal actions 
pending against her in New York, as indemnity would not apply if judgment were rendered against 
her.   
On December 29, 2021, a jury found Maxwell guilty of multiple crimes, including 
conspiracy to transport minors with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, transportation of 
a minor with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, and sex trafficking of an individual under 
the age of eighteen.  U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan sentenced Maxwell to 20 years in prison 
followed by five years of supervised release, and ordered Maxwell to pay a fine of $750,000 for 

these offenses.1  During the sentencing proceeding, Judge Nathan rejected Maxwell’s argument 
that she was being punished for Epstein’s actions, stating that the evidence at trial established that 
Maxwell “was instrumental in the abuse of several underage girls,” and that Maxwell was “not 
punished in place of Epstein . . . Ms. Maxwell is being punished for the role that she played.”2   
On July 1, 2022, the Court requested additional briefing on the Defendants’ motion to 
dismiss the complaint in this action. Specifically, the Court sought further briefing on the 
Defendants’ argument that Maxwell’s common law and contractual indemnification claims were 
barred by public policy in light of her criminal convictions.  In accordance with the Court’s order, 
Defendants further briefed the issue, and Maxwell filed a response.  Defendants’ Rule 12(b)(6) 
motion to dismiss remains pending before this Court.   
Subsequently, Maxwell’s attorney moved to withdraw as counsel from this proceeding.  
The Court granted the motion on September 7, 2022, ordered Maxwell to obtain new counsel 
within 60 days, and entered a stay.  Maxwell failed to comply with the Court’s order.  At a hearing 
on March 17, 2023, Maxwell was again ordered to obtain new counsel within 60 days.  She has 
again failed to do so.   Maxwell’s failure to comply with the Court’s orders warrants dismissal 
pursuant to Rule 41(b) or, at a minimum, the issuance of an order compelling her to appear pro se 
so that the motion to dismiss can be resolved.     
See Judgment, USA v. Maxwell, No. 20-CR-00330 (S.D.N.Y. June 29, 2022), ECF No. 696.  
Judge Nathan dismissed two of five counts for which the jury found Maxwell guilty as 
multiplicative, and the Government agreed to dismiss two perjury counts against Maxwell that 
Judge Nathan previously severed from the determination of the counts considered by the jury. Id. 
Transcript at 89:8-25, USA v. Maxwell, No. 20-CR-00330 (S.D.N.Y. June 28, 2022), ECF No. 
779.  

ARGUMENT 
Maxwell’s counsel withdrew from his representation over one year ago, and since that time, 
this case has lain dormant.  Though the Court has granted her ample time to find new counsel and 
ordered her to do so, Maxwell has not done so.  Additionally, to the extent Maxwell is unable to 
retain new counsel, nothing precludes her from litigating her claims pro se, but she has thus far 
declined to do so.  Accordingly, the Court should dismiss Maxwell’s Complaint pursuant to Rule 
41(b).   
Under Rule 41(b), dismissal is warranted if the “plaintiff fails to prosecute or to comply 
with these rules or a court order.”   In weighing dismissal under Rule 41(b), the trial court considers 
six factors: “(1) the extent of the party’s personal responsibility; (2) the prejudice to the adversary 
caused by the failure to meet scheduling orders and respond to discovery; (3) a history of 
dilatoriness; (4) whether the conduct of the party or the attorney was willful or in bad faith; (5) the 
effectiveness of sanctions other than dismissal, which entails an analysis of alternative sanctions; 
and (6) the meritoriousness of the claim or defense.”  Halliday v. Footlocker Specialty, Inc., 53 
V.I. 505, 510 (V.I. 2010).  The court does not have to conclude that all six factors weigh against 
the opposing party in order to find that dismissal is warranted.  Nolasco Comms., Inc. v. Bonneville 
Grp. V.I. Corp., No. SX-15-CV-0220, 2019 WL 937584, at *1 (V.I. Super. Ct. Jan. 28, 2019).   
Here, all six factors weigh in favor of dismissal:  (1) Maxwell is personally responsible for 
obtaining counsel in this matter or, if she lacks the resources to do so, entering an appearance pro 
se; (2) Defendants are prejudiced by Maxwell’s dilatory conduct as it has stalled this action for 
over a year; (3) Maxwell has a history of dilatory conduct in that she has now disregarded two of 
the Court’s orders; (4) Maxwell’s conduct is willful as she is aware of the Court’s orders and 
disregarded them; (5) dismissal is an appropriate sanction under the circumstances; and (6) 

Maxwell’s indemnification claims fail on their face.  Accordingly, the Court should dismiss 
Maxwell’s Complaint.  
1. Maxwell Is Personally Responsible for Obtaining Counsel or Appearing Pro Se.  
As a litigant, Maxwell is responsible for retaining her own counsel or, if she is without the 
means to engage counsel, to move forward on a pro se basis.  Where the plaintiff is personally 
responsible for failing to comply with a Court order rather than her attorney, this factor weighs in 
favor of dismissal.  Carroll v. Sharkey, No. ST-18-CV-212, 2020 WL 8457889, at *2 (V.I. Super. 
Ct. Jan. 21, 2020); Nolasco Comms., Inc., 2019 WL 937584, at *2.  There is no question that 
Maxwell is ultimately responsible for securing representation in this matter.  Additionally, as 
evidenced by the docketed notice of receipt and her presence at the March 17, 2023 hearing, 
Maxwell is aware of her previous counsel’s withdrawal and the Court’s orders directing her to 
obtain new counsel.  Nonetheless, she has failed to comply and has made no attempt to appear pro 
se.3  Thus, this factor weighs in favor of dismissal.   
2. Defendants Are Prejudiced by Maxwell’s Dilatory Conduct.  
Maxwell’s dilatory conduct is prejudicial to Defendants.  “Prejudice to the opposing party 
is generally demonstrated by either increased expense to the opposing party arising from the extra 
costs associated with filings responding to dilatory behavior or increased difficulty in the opposing 
parties’ ability to present or defend their claim(s) due to the improper behavior.”  Hassan v. 
Brian/Bryan Bishop, No. SX-2017-CV-302, 2023 WL 3246697, at *3 (V.I. Super. Ct. May 1, 
The Rules make clear that Maxwell is responsible for informing the Court whether she wishes to 
proceed pro se. Rule 3-1(c) provides that if a party’s representation changes, either by obtaining 
new counsel or proceeding on a pro se basis, the party “is personally responsible” for alerting the 
court when such changes occur by filing a notice with updated contact information.  Though 
Maxwell’s counsel did so on withdrawal in this matter, it does not excuse Maxwell from keeping 
the Court appraised of her intentions to prosecute her claims.     

2023) (quoting Molloy v. Independence Blue Cross, 56 V.I. 155, 189 (V.I. 2012)).  Here, 
Maxwell’s failure to follow the Court’s orders and either retain new counsel or appear pro se has 
resulted in a one-year delay in this matter.  Maxwell’s claims arise from events that occurred dating 
back to 2009.  See Compl. ¶ 19.  As time passes, evidence could be lost, memories will fade, and 
witnesses may become unavailable.  If Maxwell is permitted to further delay this case, it will make 
it more difficult for Defendants to refute her claims.  Moreover, Defendants, as Co-Executors to 
the Estate, are seeking to complete probate and to bring the Estate to a close.  While this matter 
remains pending, the Co-Executors are barred from doing so.  As such, this factor weighs in favor 
of dismissal.   
3. Maxwell Has a History of Dilatoriness. 
Maxwell has a history of dilatoriness as evidenced by her two-time failure to comply with 
the Court’s orders.  Indeed, where a litigant has failed to respond to multiple court orders, courts 
have concluded there is a history of dilatoriness that warrants dismissal.  Carroll, 2020 WL 
8457889, at *3.  Maxwell has now disregarded two court orders and has taken no action to 
prosecute her claim since September 2022.  As a result, this case has been stagnant for more than 
a year.  Therefore, Maxwell’s history of dilatory conduct warrants dismissal.  
4. Maxwell’s Conduct is Willful.   
Maxwell’s failure to comply with the Court’s orders is willful, which weighs in favor of 
dismissal.  Willful or bad faith conduct is “deliberate and contumacious.”  Nolasco Comms. Inc., 
2019 WL 937584, at *2.  As discussed, Maxwell is aware of the Court’s orders and has not 
complied, requested additional time to comply, or taken any steps to appear pro se.   This 
demonstrates that her failure to comply with the Court’s orders is willful.  See Carroll, 2020 WL 
8457889, at *3 (finding that the plaintiff’s conduct was willful where the plaintiff failed to retain 

new counsel or appear pro se seven months after being ordered to do so).  Even if her failure to 
obtain new counsel is due to her incarceration, nothing prevents Maxwell from entering an 
appearance and litigating her claims pro se.  See id.; Johnson v. Johnson, 14 V.I. 466, 471 (D.V.I. 
1977) (noting that individuals have a constitutional right to represent themselves).  Nonetheless, 
she has not done so and has instead disregarded the Court’s orders and let her action languish at 
the expense of Defendants.  Thus, this factor weighs in favor of dismissal.  
5. Dismissal Is an Appropriate Sanction for Maxwell’s Failure to Comply with the 
Court’s Orders.  
Dismissal is an appropriate sanction for Maxwell’s failure to comply with the Court orders 
because alternative sanctions would not be effective in this matter.  Alternate sanctions typically 
considered by courts include “excluding evidence, precluding witnesses, striking portions of the 
pleadings, or imposing monetary sanctions.”  Hassan, 2023 WL 3246697, at *3.  However, where 
there is “a lack[] of clear interest on Plaintiff’s part to pursue [her] case,” other sanctions are not 
appropriate, and dismissal is warranted.  Id.; see also O’Brien v. Gov’t of the V.I., No. 2007-35, 
2011 WL 2650637, at *4 (D.V.I. July 6, 2011) (“Where as here, a party, rather than an attorney, 
is the cause of undue delay, alternative sanctions often prove unsuccessful.”).  Here, Maxwell has 
been granted ample time to retain new counsel or to prosecute her claim pro se.  Her failure to do 
so demonstrates a lack of interest on her part to pursue her claims.  Accordingly, this factor weighs 
in favor of dismissal.  
6. Maxwell’s Contractual and Common Law Indemnification Claims Fail on the 
Merits.  
Finally, because Maxwell’s common law and contractual indemnification claims are not 
viable, her Complaint should be dismissed.  “A claim, or defense, will be deemed meritorious 
when the allegations of the pleadings, if established at trial, would support recovery by plaintiff or 

would constitute a complete defense.”  Hassan, 2023 WL 3246697, at *4.  As briefed in 
Defendants’ Motion to Dismiss and Supplemental Brief in Support of the Motion to Dismiss, both 
contractual and common law indemnification for individuals convicted of intentional criminal 
conduct violates public policy because it would promote illegality and allow wrongdoers to cause 
injury with impunity.  Courts across the country routinely hold that contractual indemnification 
for those found guilty of intentional criminal acts is unenforceable as against public policy.   See, 
e.g., Homesite Ins. Co. of the Midwest v. Frost, No. CV 20-00024-M-DLC, 2020 WL 5369847, at 
*5 (D. Mont. Sept. 8, 2020) (“in Montana there is an unmistakable public policy against . . . 
indemnification for criminal acts.”); CSX Transp., Inc. v. Gen. Mills, Inc., No. 1:14-CV-201-TWT, 
2019 BL 223294, at *11 (N.D. Ga. Jun. 14, 2019) (“if the Plaintiff is ultimately found to have been 
criminally negligent, then public policy would preclude indemnification.”); Utica First Ins. Co. v. 
Maclean, No. CIV.A. 08-1138, 2009 WL 415988, at *4 (E.D. Pa. Feb. 19, 2009) (“[r]equiring an 
insurance company to defend or indemnify its insured for . . . criminal acts would also violate 
public policy in Pennsylvania.”); BDO Seidman, LLP v. Harris, 379 Ill. App. 3d 918, 925 (Ill. 
App. Ct. 2008) (“[t]aken together, the stipulation of facts pursuant to the PTD agreement shows 
that plaintiff engaged in conduct which constituted misprision of felony by knowingly concealing 
the felony fraud of its client, SBU. Under New York public policy. . . indemnification for such 
criminal conduct is barred by public policy.”); Equitex, Inc. v. Ungar, 60 P.3d 746, 750 (Colo. 
App. 2002) (“[p]ublic policy prohibits indemnifying a party for damages resulting from intentional 
or willful wrongful acts.”) (internal quotation marks omitted). See, e.g., 42 C.J.S. Indemnity § 8 
(“a contract or bond by which one party undertakes to indemnify the other against the 
consequences of an illegal act is generally held illegal and void.”).  The Court should follow this 
well-established principle and reject Maxwell’s contractual indemnity claim.   

Additionally, the public policy concerns that bar enforcement of contractual 
indemnification for those convicted of intentional criminal acts apply with equal force to common 
law indemnification claims or indemnification based on promissory estoppel.  Both of these are 
equitable doctrines. See, e.g., Willie v. Amerada Hess Corp., 66 V.I. 23, 46 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2017) 
(“[t]he right to indemnity . . . is a common law equitable remedy . . . .”); Appleton v. Harrigan, 
No. ST-10-CV-275, 2012 WL 13219651, at *5 (V.I. Super. Ct. Dec. 6, 2012) (“[l]ike a claim of 
unjust enrichment, promissory estoppel is an equitable remedy.”).  Equity does not condone a 
criminal actor receiving financial immunity from the consequences of her crimes.  Indemnification 
based on either promissory estoppel or common law is not viable (and violates public policy) 
where, as here, the indemnitee has been convicted of an intentional criminal act.  Courts cannot 
enforce a judgment upholding a[n] agreement in law or in equity that is against public policy.”  
Cruse v. Callwood, 55 V.I. 999, 1003 (D.V.I. 2010) (parties to a pyramid scheme cannot recover 
on a theory of restitution when they were aware of the nature of the scheme); see also, e.g., Willie, 
V.I. at 92 (Virgin Islands recognizes common law indemnification “where an innocent party is 
held vicariously liable for the actions of the true tortfeasor”) (emphasis in original); Equitex, 60 
P.3d at 750 (rejecting a promissory estoppel claim for indemnification because “equitable 
doctrines such as promissory estoppel may not be used to enforce an agreement in favor of a 
wrongdoer”).  Accordingly, Maxwell’s common law indemnification claims are similarly 
precluded by her criminal conviction.  Thus, the final factor weighs in favor of dismissal.  
CONCLUSION  
For the foregoing reasons, the Court should dismiss the Complaint.  In the alternative, if 
the Court is not inclined to dismiss the Complaint, Maxwell should be ordered to appear pro se 
within 30 days or face dismissal of the Complaint. 

Respectfully,   
Dated: September 19, 2023 
            /s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin _______________   
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966 & 1221 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
Counsel for Executor Darren K. Indyke, the Estate of 
Jeffrey E. Epstein, and NES, LLC 
Dated September 19, 2023 
/s/ Daniel H. Weiner                        
DANIEL H. WEINER 
V.I. Bar No. PHV4223 
HUGHES HUBBARD & REED LLP 
One Battery Park Plaza 
New York, New York 10004 
Telephone: (212) 837-6460 
Facsimile: (212) 299-6460 
daniel.weiner@hugheshubbard.com 
Counsel for the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Dated September 19, 2023 
/s/ Gordon C. Rhea                               
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
VI Bar No. 220 
Gordon C. Rhea, PC 
1533 Appling Drive 
Mount Pleasant, SC 29464 
Telephone: 340-244-8768 
grhea@rpwb.com 
Counsel for Executor Richard D. Kahn 
Dated September 19, 2023 
/s/ Daniel S. Ruzumna                                 
Daniel S. Ruzumna, Esq. 
V.I. Bar No. PHV4357 
Patterson Belknap Webb & Taylor, LLP 
1133 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10583 
Telephone: (212) 336-2034 
Email: druzumna@pbwt.com 
Counsel for Executor Richard D. Kahn 

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on September 20, 2023, I will cause a true and exact copy of 
the foregoing Motion to Dismiss, which complies with the page or word limitation set forth in 
Rule 6-1(e), to be served via First-Class Mail return receipt requested upon: 
Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell  
Register Number 02879-509  
FCI Tallahassee  
P O Box 5000  
Tallahassee FL  32314 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin           


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.09.19 Co-Executors' Motion to Dismiss.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.09.19 Proposed Order.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2023.09.19 Proposed Order.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
********************************* 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. ESTEIN, 
and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CIVIL NO: ST-20-CV-155 
COMPLEX 
O R D E R 
THIS MATTER is before the Court on Defendants Darren K. Indyke, in his capacity 
as Executor of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, Richard D. Kahn, in his capacity as Executor 
of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, and NES, LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company’s 
Motion to Dismiss for Failure to Prosecute, Pursuant to Virgin Islands Rule of Civil Procedure 
41(b), or Alternatively to Compel Plaintiff to Appear Pro Se (the “Motion”).  Having 
considered the Motion, the Court will grant the same. 
Accordingly, it is hereby 
ORDERED that the Motion is GRANTED; and it is further 
ORDERED that the Complaint in this matter is DISMISSED; and it is further 
ORDERED that a copy of this Order shall be directed to counsel of record. 
Dated: ___________________ 
ATTEST:  TAMARA CHARLES 
Clerk of the Court 
BY:
_____________________________________ 
Court Clerk Supervisor ______/______/_____ 
HAROLD W.L. WILLOCKS 
PRESIDING JUDGE   
I~ THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OF TRE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
Septerrber 19, 2023 08:20 ~~ 
ST-2020-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE CO 
T 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.09.19 Proposed Order.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.10.03 Response.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2023.10.03 Response.pdf
----------------------------------------
I~ THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OPTHE \'IRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED ~/J c 
' 
1J; ,fi 1 , , 
October 03, 2023 01:36 PM -1/vld 
V'J 
L 
~ 
LA ~ 
ST-2020-CV-00155 
J 
-
\ 
TAMARA CHARLES 
~ 
~ 
CLERKOFTHECOURT \ /l . 
{ I 
-1\--
~ 
I j :JQ ~ 3 
~ y /k,'.;, • 
!i( IJ-.I--€.-\A... ~ 
I 
~ ~ ~ <A__L-U!/4= 1;, 
(J_ ~ Poi~ ~Vt UL 
~ 
v-.,,___ 

.. 
_c;::~TIFIED MAIL") RECEIPT 
Dom,:a,11, r,1.111 011/\' 
O F FI C IAL USE 
KAHN, n 
capa 
as 
_ 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
and NES~ LLC a New York Limited 
Llabllity Co~pa~, 
Defendants 
lfOMAS~ANO-ST. JOHN - , · · · 
• • .. - ., ... - ..:,~-·-·"'·~ ... .,.., · 
' 
• 
. . 
:---~
- ------,----------.;.......-
. -
---------
CIVIL NO. sr.:cv-00155 
COMPLEX 
PLAINTIFF'S REPSONSE TO STATUS HEARING 
Ghislaine Maxwell (hereina~r. •p1afntiff"), is appearing PRO SE following the withdrawal of her Attorney Kyte R.Waldner. 
(Order Granting Motion to Withdraw) (Doc. 50). A status hearing was hefd March 17th 2023. Present was Plaintiff and 
Counsel for Darren K. lndyke ,tndyke•) and Richard D. Kahn C-Kahn•) In their capacity as Co-Executors of the Estate of 
Jeffrey Epstein (the "Estate•) and on behalf of the estate and NES, LLC ("NES•) (collectively, the "Defendants•). A 60 day 
stay of proceedings to allow Plaintiff to find New Counsel was proposed and _.ccepted without objection. This response Is 
filed to provide the court with a status update in accordance with this courts dlredlon. 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
This ls an action for Indemnification for the attomeys' fees, security costs, costs tq find safe accommodation and all other 
expenses Plalntfff has Incurred by reason of her prlpr employment relationship with Jeffrey E. Epstern. repstein•) and his 
businesses. Pending before this court, fn above referenced matter, are Defendants' arguments to dismiss Plaintiff's case: Co-
Executors Supplementat Brief In Support of Motion to Dismiss (see "SMTO•). (Doc. 36). Co-Executors Reply Brief In Support of 
Motion to Dismiss (see •RBMD•). (Doc. 20). Motion to Dismiss & lncol'J)Orated Memorandum of Law (see •MTO•). (Doc. 7). And 
Plaintiffs arguments why the Defendants' filings for dismissal In above case should not prevail: Plalntiff's Brief In Response to 
Court Order (See -PBn). (Doc. 39). Plalntltrs Opposition to Defendants' Motion to Dismiss (See "POMO•).(Doc.18). The motion. 
Is fully briefed. The parties have not yet had Rule 16 conferen~ and discovery has not yet commenced. Plaintiff Is proceeding 
PRO SE whilst she continues to search fQr N~ Counsel. Plaintiff Is requesting a stay to give her more time to find New 
Counsel. Addltlonally Plaintiff Is requesting mOAJ time to ,..v1aw the case file which she ~elved and reviewed for the first time 
the third week April 2023. {see Exhibit A). Pla1ntlff seeks more time to res~ the relevant law and statutes so she can respond to 
court orders and other Judfctal requirements, to fu~er study and review all court documents and relevant evidence to 
understand the arguments~ as, should Plaintiff be unabte to retain New cou·nsel; she will continue to represent herself PRO SE 
and she Is seeking more time to be able to do so effectively and Judiciously. Further, Plalntfff Is requesting a stay whilst the 
United StJl~es Court of Appeals for the second Circuit: Case 22-1462EJ;.CR (see •Appeat"). (See Exhibit B). Is adjudicated as all 
QQun~ ~I l~J>~.~ldca.ted ~ 
di.m1~_,:endering ~pu~.t'~t!~
-~ants' put forward_~ dl~lssal ~, ~,! ~~~-' • , . 
case no. Qf'.198f Vcu • 
_ 
. 
_ • 
# 
, 
• 
' 
t 
• • 
• 
.• _. 
~ 
-· 
,;•t 
... ~-t~
--,,, .,...,. _ 
: 
.• 
. # ~~. 
p 
.. -. ~ 
.... .;.. 
~•
' 
. • .. 
·, 
..>.,-..~"-i'" 
-
... 
J 
•' 
~· i•' - .. ~~ """..,,.._ . 
.,, 
~ ,.,.. 
• -.:,""""'""' 
Sl'(jft '. tttttnr/ fo"i fs; l(p ts' . ii:: -'n tti?( ii-rft,,ri"~fr .. 1.1 t1 ,. • iO¥ri1aoh ,- )' ,r i I ~rr11ttr$111ti!illt·· ''iitifi~ 1 
< <ii .ia ~'iiw>iei'ii@: 

°blVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
---,-------
------------
Filed 
May 16th 202311.308m 
ST - 2020-CV-QOjc_u5Joc5 ___ 
_ 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Plaintiff 
V. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
DARREN K. INDYKE, In his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE· ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, In his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
and NES. LLC a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants 
PLAINTIFF'S REPSONSETO STATUS HEARING 
----------~ 
CIVIL NO. ST..CV-00155 
COMPLEX 
Ghislaine Maxwell (hereinafter, "Plaintiff'), ts appearing PRO SE following the withdrawal of her Attorney Kyte R.Waldner. 
(Order Granting Motion to Withdraw) (Doc. 50). A status hearing was held March 17th 2023. Present was Pialntiff and 
Cou, ,i.el f .:,r Camm K. lndyke (•lndyke•) and Richard D. Kahn rKahn•) In their capacity as Co•Executors of the Estate of 
Jeffrey Epstein (the "Estate") and on behalf of the Estate and NES, LLC ("NES") (collectively, the "Defendants"). A 60 day 
stay of proceedings to allow Plaintiff to find New Counsel was proposed and accepted without objection. This response Is 
filed to provide the court with a status update in accordan~ wfth th/-:.: c •ti!'"°:£ d1re-:'1~~=-
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 
This is an action for fndemnlflcatJon for the attorneys' fees, security costs, costs to find safe accommodation and all other 
expenses Plaintiff has Incurred by reason of her prior employment relationship wilh Jeffrey E. Epstein. ("Epstein•) and his 
businesses. Pending before this court, in above referenced matter, are Defendants' arguments to dismiss Plaintiffs case: Co-
Executors Supplemental Brief In Support of Motion to Dismiss (see "SMTD"). (Doc. 36). Co-Executors Reply Brief In Support of 
Motion to Dismiss (see "RBMD•). (Doc. 20). Motion to Dismiss & Incorporated Memorandum of Law (see •MTD"). (Doc. 7). And 
Plaintiffs arguments why the Defendants' filings for dismissal In above case should not prevail: Plaintiffs Brief In Response to 
Court Order (See "PB"). (Doc. 39). Plaintiffs Opposition to Defendants' Motion to Dismiss (See "POMD•).(Doc.18). The motion. 
ls t'ully briefed. The parties have not yet had Rule 16 conferenc, and discovery has not yet commenced. Plaintiff is proceeding 
PRO 3E wh::st ~ha ccr.tlnues to search for New Counsel. Plaintiff Is requesting a stay to give her more time to find New 
Counsel. AddltlonaHy Plaintiff Is requesting more time to review the case file which she received and reviewed for the first Ume 
the third week April 2023. (see Exhibit A). Plaintiff seek~ more time to rea,j the rel-svc:'!t !ew ~nd $!_~!_:_rt:-:~ so the c.-e:-: re~µc•r:d tc 
COurt Orders and Other judicial requirements tO 6. 1rfhor c,h ,riv l:l"lrl r-· .,_,., .,.u ..,,,., •~ A,_,._, ,r .• , . .-_1.-. c.r.~ r.:.!,:.,:::::--• • • ,,_., - - • • -
... 
It.!,--~ - ... --., ..... _ .. •~~ t' .:. . 
\.."•"''l. • "tU'!.,·---·~•-::t• •·•.,.,.... -
.. . -,_._. _ _ __ -· -~~==·---=- , · 
understand tho a11~;;-:-;~~!~, ~~ . e!:~~!::.! F't~!::t;rr b: =.:~::t-!-:- ~-:• :-:-t~!~. t !::-r·.:/ ~=~:=~~~!. :~- ·::::: :~:·:~:::~-: !· . .: ~~~-~: : -;:-.~ ! .-:--=.:.•~ r·r:·r! r:r 
;:;;.:d ~;~~ :e -::-::-·:!-::::;; ::--·:-:➔ ~!::"--? ~-1 ~? :J-..fe to do so effectively and judiciously. Further, Plaintiff Is requesting a stay whii:il un, 
U;,;;:;d 3;:_,;;;~ C•J:.:,t ,;,f ~jj-auls for tha second Circuit Case 22-14626-CR (see "Appeal"). (See Exhibit 8).1s adjudicated as all 
~-.:-=.ii,~,; .;..;;:.;;::! ::;~ ·::;~~;.;cl ..... J Ji;.11·,:~il;i~ i-~iidcir!iig various arguments the Defendants' put forward for dismissal fn the above • 
case no l<>ilg~r valid. 

-;-Maxwell V t:iltate or·.tenrey~,eu, ______ 
_ 
Response to a status hearing 
Page2 of4 
, 
ARGUMENT 
- -· ... -----------------------
"The power to stay proceedings Is incidental to the power Inherent In every court to control the disposition of the causes on its 
docket with economy of time and effort for Itself, for counsel, and for litigants". •Burke V. Treasure Bay V.I. Corp., 2016 WL 
9503682, at •3 (V.1. Super. Oct. 6, 2016) (citing Landis V. North American Co., 299-U.S. 248, 254-55 (1936). Generally, the party 
seeking a1sta.y •must make out a ctear case of hardship or inequity In being required to go forward, If there Is even a fair 
possibility that the stay for which he prays will work damage to someone else.• Landis, 299 U.S. at 254. To that end, In 
determining whether to grant a motion to stay, courts have considered the following factors: (1) whether a sta.y will simplify 
issues and promote judicial economy; (2) the balance of harm to the parties; and (3) tJ,6 length of the requested stay. See 
Burke, 2016 WL 9503682, at *3; Cheyney State Coll. Faculty V. Hufstedler, 703 F.2d 732, 737•38 (3d Clr.1983' (citing Landis, 
299 U.S.at 254 -55). There Is no prejudice to the Defendants', nor have they suggested any, for the Court tft-bt to grant a 
stay, and there Is llkellhood·that the Plaintiff will prevail In the court of Appeal. 
-
. 
. 
UNITED STATES COURT OF 'APPEALS -FO~ TRE ·SEdOND CIRCUIT 
I 
I' 
: 
~ 1
• 
f l•: .
.. I;+. 
• 
• 
... 
• 
.. 
• J 
Plaintiff filed her appeal 28th February 2023. (See Appear}. (See Exhibit B). Plaintiff has asked the Appeal court to over tum her 
conviction based on errors made by both the govemment'and the trial court, several of which are fatal and whl"h would result in 
the dismissal of the criminal proceedings. Point 1:·•A11 counts should be dismissed pursuant to the Non Prosecution 
agreement". Point 2. "All counts are barred by statute of Jlmltatlons'. Point 3 "Plaintiff was denied her constituUonal right to a 
fair and Impartial jury because a juror made false statements in Volr Dire as to material facts that If known would have provided 
valid basis to remove him for cause•. Point 4. "The court constructively amended counts 3 & 4 of the indictment•. Defendants\ 
In case before this court. have argued for Its dismissal, In part, as Plaintiff, "cannot be indemnified for intentional wrong doing 
Including criminal conduct• (See RBMD at pp 3-4 n.2.). (Doc. 20). The outcome of the Plaintiffs appeal could render various of 
the Defendants' arguments for dismissal Invalid as ti ,ay would not hold water as the Plaintiff would no longer ~~ ~r.•i!cti;-1 of 
criminal conduct. A stay Is requested for judicial economy until such time that the Appeal court has ruled. 
PLAJNTlFF SEEKING NEW COUNSEL 
Plaintiff Is seeklng·New·counsel as she Is aware It Is preferable for all parties to be represented for efficiency and for judicial 
economy. Plalntfff !aces challenges finding New Counsel as many potential candidates are conflicted and Plaintiff Is facing 
financial constraints. All Incarcerated people have communication challenges, as Plaintiff does. Her situation is not unique but 
for the court_s consideration, It bears noting that Plaintiff has no ablllty to write snail mall, E Mall, or call any potentlal new 
attomeywlth client attorney privilege. Communications with client attorney privilege are permitted with attorneys of record. 
Communications with othe~ req~lre pre app,:ov" which ten~s Itself to potential delays for approval. Plaintiff Is seeking a stay 
because .~t ttie extiiflim~ she'needs, due td ttje· partlcular challenges· elucidated, to find and communicate with potential new 
Counsel. ,. 
l , , ••• ' • ··, -,, I!•·· 
~-. 
• 
' 
I 
,.., 
I. 
-
~,. , ;.• .~: i~,•, , 
, ..,·•e • ~l 
._ 1 
•• 
...... • 
... ~ ~~r, 
t 
• ,.. 

' MSXYfell V E~tate of Jeffnty E. ·epsteln e~ al ' 
ResJ>?"8e to a status hearing · 
• • • • • 
NO:ST-2020-CV -00165 • 
P ·eaot4 • 
• 
ag 
.. . 
__ ....... ___________________ 
..,;_ ____________ -,.,_ ---
t 
PRO SE~REPRESEN"tAT(ON' .. •·!. 
, •• ' 'I•--~:. 
J 
: ( 
-
--
.~_, • • , .. t IJ 
, ... 
' 
... 
'J
, 
-l.:...!_ ... 
I 
:,_ 
_...!• ....... : . 
In the e~~ 
_Uiat 'Pla!n~ ~nl',!ot i:9taln New_.,~9\Jr,s~I s~~ wlil continue to represent herself. Plaintiff Is currently Incarcerated and 
has bee~ /Qr almost Uje ~n~ pendency of~ above case. Plaintiff, along with all other Incarcerated ~pie, faces challenges 
working wjttt the courts and ~Ith counsel due to c:U.fflcultles· encountered In Prison. As noted In Plaintiffs Appeal, •From that day 
(of her arrest) Maxwell was held In solitary confinement.By the time of trial, Maxwell was so disorientated and diminished that 
she was unable meaningfully·to assist in her own defense much less to·testffy". (see Appeal. p.12)(Exhlbit B). Participating In 
any leg~l_pro~irt9~ ~~~. ~d~red Impossible due to the "inhumane conditions• she endured. •Her conditions of confinement 
ranglngfrom•sleep· depnvation to rack of access to legal counsel and discovery to prepare for trial", were seminal. (see 
Statement).(see Exhibit ,9). PlalntJff's entire lncarce_ration has peen spent whilst Covld protocols were in place which ad~ed 
addltfonai ,W.rdl~. as it ~ : ,Pr a!I other lnmt1~n. l~~u81i'.lg ~l:J! not 'limited' to restrictions on in person legal visits as Covld 
spread.' Post convicliqn,.Plalntitf'was movecfto a different lnstltutlorf arjlfshe Is currenUy housed under·slfghtly less restrictive 
condltl<i~~-'-put .~~-r~. ~te :~~ii' P,~1¥. lmp~i!'."~~ts;_~~~ ~;cirtt,t~·s, .~lainflff f'!~~s to overcome to be: able to w~rk effectively and 
efflclery~fv.,?." th~ ~~~.Y~.~~;.~~ court f!18Yi~~ ~C?t ~ ~~, f!ithat P!alntiff has no access to a cdmputer to type any document 
per co~i'!.· po~~• exp~~!'!i ~~- requlre~~~~r-".9) ~teme~ a~ss to d~ research, and no consistent or reliable use of a flat 
surface} ~~~ on.' th.~re·n~s .~ .n no ph~to~r!ryg !1:1.a~lne ayallabl~, for Inmates since November 15th, ~022 I~ Plaintiffs 
current place of lncarcei:atron, Access to a prfnter Is 'not consistent and random events Interfere with dally pnson life and are a 
regutal' occurrence making meaningful planning or execution of work challenging. Further, once under the aegis of BOP an 
Inmate el)ters. a ve~~!e 1,c_h,nologlcal black hole where Prison computers, that allow legal research on a closed system, give 
the appearance of working on an old DOS. program and addlUonal research Is conducted through antiquated legal books and 
the use of a typewriter or pen and paper which Is available for taking notes, taking ttiose Incarcerated back in time to a period 
Pre 1980'8'. In additl6h~ ho'he\ter';Plaintiff has no access to relevant Virgin Island law which she was told she would have to 
purcha'se separately'.' {see'!:><h!blt 0). Plaintiff ·1s r:espectfully requesting more time to allow her to research legal arguments, 
purchase and haVe' detlverect t~· f;ler up to date relevant legal books, prepare and locate various documents, all with the Intention 
to avoid :dela~s. to prombte Juc11clal economy going. forward should she be unable to find New Counsel and continue before this 
court PRO 'SE. • · • 1 :. 
' · • ' 
• 
•• 
• 
• 
• I 
• 
r 
·•'•• • 
•J 
-
CLAIMS AGAINST NES ANO OTHER ENTITIES 
Plaintiff Is surprised by Defendants' improper invitation to dismiss Plaintiff's claims based on NES 2014 Operating Agreement, a 
period of time long after Plafntlff ceased working for Epstein. (see Compl. p15. n46). (Doc 1 ). It Is a bridge to far to suggest a 
sophisticated businessman like Epstein, sole member of NES, with experienced lawyers and financial advisors, would forgo the 
protections afforded by an'Operating Agreement"for 16 years, from 1998- 2014 the date the Defendants' produced NES 
Operating Agreement. (See MTO & attached Exhibit C, NES Operating Agreement). (Doc 7). Defendants' suggest there Is no 
legal or factual bast~ to, b,~.u~v~. ~at an eartfe~ ~lffe~!'_t ~reem~nt ~ver existed (telllng the language of ~e NES operating 
agreement' does riot reference or purport to amend ·any prior operating agreement) (see RBMD. p.8 n.9.). (Doc. 20). These 
arguments1 a~ self serV!ng. Everi If the court were 'to CflK!ft Defendants' arguments, and It should not, under New York Law 
llmited Uablilty coi:Jipanf~s·, when no Operating Agreement exists, the LLC Is subject to •numerous sections In the (Limited 
llabll1ty·Compariy Law) that set'forth default provisions applfcabfe to the limited llablllty company"). N.Y. Limit. Llab. Co. 420. 
Plaintiff seeks a~clltional 6me to review NY'~lrtijt~cf'llablllty Compahy law, and additional case law relevant to arguments 
presented·, and to review Vlrgfn Island law whilst searching for an eartler Operating Agreement Plaintiff believes exists. 
• 
- i'. 
~ 
.. 
' 
' 
...... 

•••wn••-- • ----- -· - -··· -.-1 -.: -r -·· • 
Resp_o 
to a status hearing 
Plaintiff was employed by various other entitles owned by Epstein (see Compl. p.8 n.52). (Doc.1 ). Defendants' suggested that 
other entities Plaintiff said she was employed by only ilkely" had Indemnity, and that her claims are ioo thin• to satisfy the 
requirement for all elements of her claim. (see MTO p.8 n.8). (Doc 7). Plaintiff has located a lawsuit filed In earty 2000's. United 
States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Nelson Shanks v. Leslie Wexner and Abigail Wexner, Jeffrey 
Epstein and J. Epstein and Co. Inc and Ghislaine Maxwell. Case No. 02-7671. ("Shanks"). (See Exhibit E). The lawsuit was 
regarding the non payment for painting the Wexner family by Shanks. Plaintiff wasJndemnifled for her Involvement In the 
Shanks suit, as she was for other suits (see PB p.12). (Doc 39). This affirmatively demonstrates Defendants' indemnifying 
, 
Plaintiff for legal costs and ts Illustrative of a pattern that supports Plaintiffs argument that she was indemnified for all legal 
proceedings Incurred by reason of her employment by Epstein. Plaintiff Is also aware of new ongoing litigation surrounding 
Epstein and the Estate through which previously undisclosed information continues to surface, and Plaintiff Is researching, 
believing that it contains pertinent information. As an example of new probative information that has come to light, in an 
interview that Epstein gave In his own voice that was recently aired, Epstein Is quoted saying in part of the Interview, "it's, it's 
just unfair because she (Plaintiff) really plays no role, and Ghislaine was never, never ever a apart of any of this stuff.• (Netfllx: 
Filthy Rich. 25th Nov, 2022). 
CONCLUSION 
For the reasons set forth herein Plalntlff respectfully requests a 180 day stay of pro~dlngs, or until Plaintiff's Appeal is 
rendered or any amount of time this court deems right and proper. 
Respectfully submitted, 
f> 
L~.#~- Sc:f1 
Fedenl Coaecti,onal Institutional 
501 Capital Circle NE 
Tallahassee, Fl 3230 l 
.... "' 

.-- . ··.l) 
. • 
•. 
'·'\,r ,, 
• 
Qc~; \.t:,/\ ~ 
IN TH~ SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRG:IN ISLANDS 
. 
.. 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
ES.TATE OF JEFFREY E. ESPSTEIN, DARREN K. 
INl(Vi<E, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE 
ESTATE OP:J~F~RGY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
!(AHN; in his~dpadty as EXECU~OR OF THE 
ES.TATE OF JEFFREY E. EXPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, 
a New York limited Liability Company, 
Defendants, 
CIVIL CASE NO.: ST-2020-CV-00155 
TRANSMITTED HERE WITHIN 
Complete Copy of Entire file case ST-2020-CV-00155 
. 
l 
• 
~ !. 
I 
I 
• 
. 
Please signed and return, or email. 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
Sup~rior Court ofthe Virgin Islands 
P.O. Box 70 
St. Thomas, U.S. Y.I~ 00804~0070 
t 
., l ,: 
l 
• 
' 
I l ' 
. 
~ 
• 
! l.. 
Paul~.¢la>t~9~t'.fflvl~~utt*org 
! 
! l 
¼:\CU \ ½ 
-
DATE and TIME 
EXHIBIT A 
: 
. I I-
__________ ....,..__ 
--

22-1426-CR 
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS 
-FOJ{-·-TRE ~SECOND CIRCUIT 
EXIHBIT B 

PRESS STATEMENT FOR Im!EDIATE RELEASE 
www.Aidalalaw.com 
EXHIFIT C 

RESPONSE TO INMATE REQUEST TO STAFF MEMBER 
NAME: Maxwell. Ghislaine 
Register Number: 02879~309 
Unit: B South 
This is in response to your'lnmate Request to Staff Member dated April 21, 2023, and 
received in this office· on Aprit25, 2023. You request access to Virgin Island case law 
for your pending case in the Superior Court of the Virgin Islands, Division of St. Thomas 
and St. John. As relief; you request books or comprehensive computer access for 
researc;h of legal relevance, ~ 
Inmate access to legal rriaterials is governed by Program Statement 1315.07, Legal 
Activities, Inmate. Per-that Progra_m Stateme·nt, each Warden must establish a main law 
library containing the.,materials listed in th~ Required Main Law Library Materials 
(Attachment A). The Bureau is not mandated to provide state case law and/or other 
state legal materials. Pursua·nt t~ Program Statement 5266.11, Incoming Publications, 
you may purctiase leg.al materials from outside the institution. 
Date 
EXHIBIT D 
: a >n 
,a11 
,. . -. 
... 
P 
II-
ft 
I 1 

• 
-- ~==-- --·-----
Case 2:02-cv-0767hCN 
' 
Document ~--. Filed l Q/02/02 Page ·1 of 8 
... •. 
. 
·~ 
~\\ 
~ 
lN 'l'BB 'QtUHI> STATES ·DlS'BlC'! ~ 
l'O'& 'I'd pSTdN I>lS'fl.'J:C't ·0r pm1dlf,,mr.tl 
NEt,SoN sHANI<S 
1163 state Road 
Andalusia, PA i9020 
v. 
I.,ESLIB and ABIGAtu WEXNSR, h/'W 
one Whiteba:rn aoad 
New Albany, .OH 43054 
.. . .. 
and 
JBFP'REY S . BPSTBilJ, -in<ii.-vidu&.lly~ 
and d/b/a J. SPSTBIN AND 
COMPANY, INC. 
tthe Vili~rd HOU89 
4$~ Madison Aveiiua, 4\:~ P,l¢or. 
New Y~rk, NY 10022 
and 
: ~ 
~ 
G!iISliAlNE t@XWBl,I, 
The Villard Ho-use 
457 Madison Avenue, 41:" Pl9or 
New York, }rl 10022 
, ... 
I ~- • 
. . 
. 
~ .. . 
·Jn 
. . 
. ., 
~ 
,";+·. ' • 
... . 
i 

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
This is to certify that I have served a true and ~orrect copy of the foregoing, 
Plaintiff's Response to Status Hearing 
upon the following ad(lresses, by placing same in a sealed envelope, bearing sufficient postage 
for the delivery via United States Mail Service to: 
Ariel M. Smith Esq. (AAG) 
VIRGIN ISLANDS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
Office of the Attorney General 
34-38 Kronprindsesn Gade 
St. Thomas,u.s. Virgin Islands 00802 
,. 
and deposited in the postal box provided.for inmates on the grounds of the Federal Correctio&1l 
Institution Tallahassee, Florida 32301 on this 16th 
diw of 
May 2023 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
• 
Litigation is deemed FILED at the time it was delivered to prison authorities. 
See: Houston v. L~ck, 487 CS 266, 101 L Ed 2d 245, 108 S Ct 2379 (1988). 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.10.03 Response.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.10.03 Transmittal from Supreme Court.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2023.10.03 Transmittal from Supreme Court.pdf
----------------------------------------
TRANSMITTAL 
TO: 
TAMARA CHARLES  
CLERK OF THE SUPERIOR COURT 
FROM: 
VERONICA J. HANDY, ESQ. 
Clerk of the Court 
BY:                 Reisha Corneiro 
Deputy Clerk II 
DATE: 
OCTOBER 11, 2023 
RE: 
1. FILING DATED MAY 18, 2023 RECEIVED FROM GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
Should you have any questions, please contact the clerk’s Office. Thank you very much for your 
attention in this matter. 
PLEASE ACKNOWLEDGE THE RECEIPT OF THE ABOVE REFERENCE BY SIGNING BELOW. 
THANK YOU. 
RECEIPT ACKNOWLEDGED BY: _______________________________________ 
DATE: __________________________    TIME: ____________________________ 
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
October 03, 2023 01:36 PM 
ST-2020-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.10.03 Transmittal from Supreme Court.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.10.31 Reply.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2023.10.31 Reply.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
********************************* 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CIVIL NO: ST-20-CV-155 
COMPLEX 
CO-EXECUTORS’ REPLY IN SUPPORT OF SUPPLEMENTAL MOTION TO 
DISMISS, OR ALTERNATIVELY, COMPEL PLAINTIFF TO APPEAR PRO SE  
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, by and through their undersigned 
counsel, in their capacity as Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Estate”), and 
on behalf of the Estate and NES, LLC (“NES”), an entity administered in probate by the Co-
Executors as part of the Estate (collectively, “Defendants”), respectfully submit this reply in 
support of their supplemental motion to dismiss for failure to prosecute, or alternatively, to compel 
Plaintiff Ghislaine Maxwell (“Maxwell”) to appear pro se.   
ARGUMENT 
Maxwell initiated the instant action over three and a half years ago, seeking contractual 
and common law indemnification of attorneys’ fees and other costs incurred in connection with 
her criminal prosecution in the Southern District of New York.  Subsequently, Defendants moved 
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
October 31, 2023 04:36 PM 
ST-2020-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-150 
Reply in Support of Supplemental Motion to Dismiss 
Page 2 
to dismiss pursuant to Virgin Islands Rule of Procedure 12(b)(6).  That motion has been fully 
briefed and pending before this Court since August 2022. 
The Court has held off ruling on Defendants’ motion because, in September 2022, 
Maxwell’s counsel withdrew, and the Court stayed the proceedings to allow Maxwell time to seek 
new representation.   By March 2023, Maxwell still had not secured new counsel, and the Court 
granted her an additional sixty days to do so.   
Having received no indication from Maxwell that she had retained new counsel or intended 
to proceed pro se, on September 19, 2023, Defendants moved to dismiss under Rule 41(b) for 
failure to prosecute, or alternatively, to compel Maxwell to appear pro se.  But on October 3, the 
Court received a filing from Maxwell—apparently dated May 16, 2023—in response to the Court’s 
March 2023 Order.1   In her filing, Maxwell seeks an additional one hundred-eighty days to secure 
new counsel and requests yet another stay during the pendency of the appeal of her criminal 
conviction.   
Maxwell’s perpetual delay in prosecuting her claims must end.  Maxwell’s filing sets forth 
no new grounds to support her request for more time to secure counsel.  Instead, she merely details 
the difficulties of obtaining counsel while incarcerated.  But Maxwell’s incarceration is the result 
of her crimes, and it does not excuse her from diligently prosecuting her claims in accordance with 
the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure.  Simon v. Herbert, 69 V.I. 963, 697 (V.I. 2018) 
(“Although we have traditionally given pro se litigants greater leeway where they have not 
followed the technical rules of pleading and procedure, self-representation is not a license excusing 
compliance with relevant rules of procedural and substantive law.” (cleaned up)).   Indeed, 
Maxwell’s response to the Court’s March 2023 Order demonstrates that: (1) she was aware of the 
While the Court received Maxwell’s filing on October 3, Maxwell did not serve Defendants with a copy.  Defendants 
did not receive a copy until October 17, when the Court alerted Defendants of the filing.   

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-150 
Reply in Support of Supplemental Motion to Dismiss 
Page 3 
Court’s direction to identify new counsel or appear pro se, and (2) she had ample time to find new 
counsel and still has not done so.  Given that the additional one hundred eighty days requested will 
expire shortly with no further word from Maxwell or appearances from counsel, Maxwell should 
not be permitted to delay this matter further.   
Moreover, as she indicates in her filing, if Maxwell is unable to obtain new counsel—
which appears to be the case thus far, as no appearance of counsel has been entered—she will be 
proceeding in this matter pro se.  Maxwell has indicated her willingness to proceed pro se, and 
that status does not justify any further delay of the Court’s consideration of Defendants’ Rule 
12(b)(6) Motion to Dismiss.  Indeed, Defendants’ Motion has already been fully briefed by all 
parties when Maxwell was still represented by counsel.  Whether Maxwell is able to obtain counsel 
or not should have no effect on the Court’s consideration of the Motion.  Accordingly, Defendants 
respectfully submit that the Court should lift the stay and address Defendants’ pending Motion to 
Dismiss.   
Finally, this matter should not be further stayed during the pendency of Maxwell’s criminal 
appeal.  While Maxwell’s criminal conviction is one reason why her indemnification claims are 
barred, Defendants also set forth several other arguments in their Rule 12(b)(6) Motion that 
independently support dismissal of her claims, including that (1) NES’s operating agreement bars 
Maxwell’s claims and (2) the lawsuits for which Maxwell seeks indemnification are not related to 
her performance of legitimate, employment-related duties on behalf of Epstein or his affiliated 
entities.  Thus, the outcome of Maxwell’s criminal appeal does not preclude the Court from ruling 
on Defendants’ Motion.  As detailed in Defendants’ supplemental Motion, the Estate is prevented 
from completing probate and bringing the Estate to a close while this matter remains pending and 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-150 
Reply in Support of Supplemental Motion to Dismiss 
Page 4 
thus, any further delay is prejudicial.  Consequently, Maxwell’s request for a further stay should 
be denied.   
CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, the Court should grant Defendants’ supplemental Motion to 
Dismiss for Failure to Prosecute, or alternatively, should lift the stay, compel Maxwell’s pro se 
appearance, and rule on the Defendants’ pending Motion to Dismiss for Failure to State a Claim. 
Respectfully,   
Dated: October 31, 2023 
            /s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin _______________   
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966 & 1221 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
Counsel for Executor Darren K. Indyke, the Estate of 
Jeffrey E. Epstein, and NES, LLC 
Dated October 31, 2023 
/s/ Daniel H. Weiner                        
DANIEL H. WEINER 
V.I. Bar No. PHV4223 
HUGHES HUBBARD & REED LLP 
One Battery Park Plaza 
New York, New York 10004 
Telephone: (212) 837-6460 
Facsimile: (212) 299-6460 
daniel.weiner@hugheshubbard.com 
Counsel for the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-150 
Reply in Support of Supplemental Motion to Dismiss 
Page 5 
Dated October 31, 2023 
/s/ Gordon C. Rhea                               
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq. 
VI Bar No. 220 
Gordon C. Rhea, PC 
1533 Appling Drive 
Mount Pleasant, SC 29464 
Telephone: 340-244-8768 
grhea@rpwb.com 
Counsel for Executor Richard D. Kahn 
Dated October 31, 2023 
/s/ Daniel S. Ruzumna                                 
Daniel S. Ruzumna, Esq. 
V.I. Bar No. PHV4357 
Patterson Belknap Webb & Taylor, LLP 
1133 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10583 
Telephone: (212) 336-2034 
Email: druzumna@pbwt.com 
Counsel for Executor Richard D. Kahn 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on October 31, 2023, I will cause a true and exact copy of the 
foregoing Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Supplemental Motion to Dismiss, or 
Alternatively, Compel Plaintiff to Appear Pro Se, which complies with the page or word 
limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), to be served via Certified Mail return receipt requested upon: 
Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell  
Register Number 02879-509  
FCI Tallahassee  
P O Box 5000  
Tallahassee FL  32314 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin           


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.10.31 Reply.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.12.22 Response.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2023.12.22 Response.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT 
OFTRE VIRGI" I LA -os 
FILED 
December 22. 2023 02:26 PM 
ST-2020-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLE 
CLERK OF THE COURT 
L. 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST THOMAS/ST JOHN 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
Plaintiff, 
vs. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E EPSTEIN;DARREN 
K INDYKE in his capacity as Executor of the 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN; RICHARD 
D KAHN in his capacity as Executor of the 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN and NES, 
LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company 
Defendants 
Case No.: ST-2020-CV-00155 
PLAINTIFFS RESPONSE TO 
DEFENDANTS MOTION TO DISMISS FOR 
FAIL URE TO PROSECUTE 
Plaintiff's response to Co-Executors Motion to dismiss for failure to prosecute or 
alternatively to compel her to appear Pro-Se 
Preliminary Statement 
Ghislaine Maxwell appears pro-se and respectively submits this reply in support 
of the continued stay in proceedings whilst her Appeal against Conviction in Southern District 
New York is pending, and while she continues to seek counsel, as she requested in 
plaintiff's response to a status hearing filed May 16th, 2023. 
Plaintiff will continue to appear, pro se and respond to any court orders in 
the absence of legal counsel and given the stringent constraints placed upon her by the BOP 
PLAINTIFFS RESPONSE TO DEFENDANTS MOTION TO DISMISS FOR FAILURE TO PROSECUTE - 1 

whilst in FCI Tallahassee. The Plaintiff opposes a defendant's motion to dismiss, and 
denies she has failed to prosecute her claims. 
Background 
Plaintiff brought this action 3/12/2020 prior to being swept into Epstein's 
criminal proceedings as she was not party to Epstein's first criminal proceedings and was 
not identified or referenced in his 2019 indictments. 
This action was initiated only after months of seeking contact with the 
Estate before the plaintiff was indicted and when the Estate could have dealt with her 
claims but she was ignored. Plaintiff was represented by counsel during the pendency of 
this case until the court granted plaintiffs attorney's right to withdraw September 7, 
2022. 
The defendants allege that the plaintiff has failed to comply with court 
orders and willfully so. Neither is true. The Plaintiff submitted her reply per the court's 
order May 16, 2023 at the FCI Tallahassee Post Office, and with the postal order of 
proof of service and required by the BOP. 
Litigation is deemed filed at the time delivered to prison authority, Houste 
v LACK 487 U.S. 266; 101 LE D2 D245; 108 SCT2379 (1988). 
PLAINTIFFS RESPONSE TO DEFENDANTS MOTION TO DISMISS FOR FAILURE TO PROSECUTE - 2 

Plaintiff will co~tinue to comply with all and any Court Orders. The Estate argues 
as dismissal of the case as a suitable sanction. But the Court should disregard such David and 
Goliath tactics as the allegations are untrue and baseless. 
ARGUMENT 
The Defendants argue for dismissal of Plaintiff's Case as her contractual and 
Common Law indemnification claims fail on the merits. The Plaintiff in Plaintiff's 
Brief in response to the Court order argued that the Plaintiffs common law indemnity claims are 
not barred and there is not basis to bar Plaintiffs claims as a matter of public policy at the Rule 
stage according to Virgin Islands Law. Indemnification from criminal acts under the General 
Corporations Law are provided for under Virgin Islands Law as indemnification may be 
appropriate if the indemnitee had been convicted of a criminal charge. Specifically the general 
Corporation Law codified at Title 13 ofthe Virgin Island Codes provides for such detailed in 
Plaintiffs Brief in response to the Court Order dated August 1 2022. Further the co-executors 
public policy defense does not apply to Plaintiffs common law indemnity claims since the 
defense allows a party to avoid enforcement of a Contract ( see Berne supra 46 VI at 150 ; 
Brouillard vs DLJ Mortg. Cap Inc 63 VI 788,794 VI 2015. As a matter of Common Law the 
Virgin Islands Courts recognize the right to indemnity between joint tortfeasors see infra Section 
A(2) see also 41 AMJUR2d Indemnity 21 citing Horrabin vs City of Desmoines 198 Iowa 549; 
199 NW 988, 38 ALR 544 (1924). Jacobs vs General ACC Fire and Life ASSUR.Corp 14 WIS 
2d 1,109 NW 2d 462,88 ALR 2d; 1347 (1961). Virgin Islands Policy does not impact Plaintiffs 
PLAINTIFFS RESPONSE TO DEFENDANTS MOTION TO DISMISS FOR FAILURE TO PROSECUTE - 3 

common law indemnity claims and nor does Virgin Islands public policy bar Plaintiffs indemnity 
claims that arise under Virgin Islands General Corporation Law. 
This law provides that a Corporation may indemnity any person who "was or is" a 
party to civil or criminal proceeding by reason of the persons relationship with the Corporation 
"against expenses including attorney fees". 13 VIC 67 a(a). In the case of a criminal proceeding 
the person must have had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. These 
arguments are fully expanded in Plaintiffs brief in response to the Court ORDER. 
Under New York Law, Courts routinely order indemnification where a Director is 
charged with intentional misconduct. If the director or officer satisfied the requirements of NY 
Biz Corp law a Court may order the Corporation to advance litigation expenses not withstanding 
the corporations allegations that the director or officer engaged in wrong doing against the 
Corporation. 
Advance payment of fees is authorized if the Defendant has raised genuine issues 
of fact or law NYBizCorpLaw 724 (c) .New York law provides for the indemnification of 
officers and directors for litigation expenses under certain circumstances. NYBizCorpLaw 
722,723. New York also provides that the statutory indemnification procedures are not exclusive 
and authorizes a Corporation to agree to indemnify officers and directors. 
The Court utilizes 724( c) to direct the advance payment of fees where the 
indemnification was provided for by a corporate by law, contract or as well when no corporate 
PLAINTIFFS RESPONSE TO DEFENDANTS MOTION TO DISMISS FOR FAILURE TO PROSECUTE - 4 

l 
indemnification agreement existed as alleged by the Estate who claims that NES LLC operated 
without corporate indemnification for 16 years prior to their production of documents in 
2014 from 1998 to 2014, the date the defense introduced the alleged first operating 
agreement, see the Motion to Dismiss and attached Exhibit C which is NES Operating 
Agreement. 
The co-executors should not raise any objection to indemnification on public 
policy grounds in addition due to unclean hands. They should be estopped from raising any 
objection for that reason. The unclean hands doctrine is based on the principle that a 
party who has committed wrongdoing should not be allowed to come into court and 
request a remedy for its own personal benefit. In re Prosser, 2012, WL 6-7-377. 81 at 
Star 17, Bankr V.I., December 2012, citing In RE: New Valley Corp. 181 S3d, 517-525, 
3rd Circuit 1999, Sunshine Shopping Center STCTR. Inc. vs. K-Mart Corp. 42 VI, 397, 
407, 85 S SUP, 2d, 537, 544, DVI, Gen 27, 2000. "It is an ancient and established 
maximum equity jurisprudence that he who comes into equity must come with clean 
hands. If a Party seeks relief in equity he must be able to show that on his part there has been 
honesty and fair dealing." Bishop vs Bishop 257 F 2D 495 500 3rd Circuit 1958. Bishop 
v. Bishop, 
(3d Cir. 1958) 
In Sunshine Shopping the court held that the defendant could be precluded 
from raising an equitable defense to forfeiture clause in the least due to his own "unclean 
hands". 
PLAINTIFFS RESPONSE TO DEFENDANTS MOTION TO DISMISS FOR FAlLURE TO PROSECUTE - 5 

The Estate also fails to fully consider and take into consideration Epstein's 
intent that he and the Estate protect and indemnify employees and co-conspirators of 
Epstein. This is elucidated in the non-Prosecution agreement, which is detailed in the 
OPR, The Report of the Office of Professional Responsibility dated November 2020. 
The Department of Justice and Epstein's representatives worked for months 
with prosecutors to fashion the non-prosecution agreement (NP A) that covered his 
employees and his co-conspirators. The document itself was described as "transactional 
immunity" by the prosecutors. 
The prosecutors describe the NP A as conferring transactional immunity, as 
the broadest and strongest protection that the Department of Justice offers. Initial 
language included in the NP A, , "concludes the initiation of any and all criminal charges 
that might be in the future brought against the full co-conspirators or any employees 
arising out of ongoing federal investigations are precluded." page 164. Whilst language 
was modified slightly, so as not to be so detailed, the intent was, and the broad scope 
of the coverage is what remained, page 166 and 237. The broad sweep of the Non-
Prosecution Agreement coupled with the previous indemnification payments demonstates 
epsteins desire to indemnify his employees co conpsirators etc. 
The co-executors have not yet identified what specific issues they contend 
have already been decided by the Southern District of New York (SONY), but are 
identical in this case. In fact, the narrow issues tried before the SONY do not necessarily 
PLAINTIFFS RESPONSE TO DEFENDANTS MOTION TO DISMISS FOR FAILURE TO PROSECUTE - 6 

overlap with the Plaintiff's claims here, which include indemnification of requests to code 
in connection with the civil law suit filed by Jennifer Araroz. She did not testify in the 
SONY proceedings. 
Plaintiffs claims for indemnification relate to Investigations regarding Epstein 
and security services incurred in 2019 in the wake of intense media scrutiny following 
Epstein's arrest. To the extent that Plaintiff's claims relate to expenses that Plaintiff 
incurred exclusively because of Epstein's actions in such claims would be clearly not be 
subject to any policy bar. Simply put the SDNY Judgment of Conviction does not 
conclusively establish any issue presented here and is not dispositive of the claims in this 
action as previously argued in Plaintiff's response to this Court. 
It should also be noted that on information and belief, that the two 
representatives of Epstein's estate are also substantial beneficiaries of the Estate, namely 
DARREN INDYKE In his capacity as Executor of the Estate of Jeffrey, E. Epstein., and 
Richard D. Kahn in his capacity as Executor of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein are 
Employees, officers and or directors of NES. L.L.C, a New York Limited Liability Company 
On information and belief, Indyke and Kahn, are having their litigation expenses paid by 
the Estate of Jeffrey E Epstein. Epsteins clearly wanted to indemnify his employees as noted by 
by lndyke and Kahn's indemnification on information and belief, and on plaintiffs previous 
suits being indemnified by Epstein whilst he was alive and as noted in previous filings. 
PLAINTIFFS RESPONSE TO DEFENDANTS MOTION TO DISMISS FOR FAIL URE TO PROSECUTE - 7 

Plaintiffs claims may not be barred as a matter of public policy at this 
preliminary stage of the proceedings, and Virgin Islands' public policy is not necessarily 
barred Plaintiff's contractual indemnity claims because the underlying purpose of contract 
law is to hold parties to their agreement so that they receive the benefits of their bargains. 
Phillip vs Marsh,- Monsanto, 6-6-VI-612, 6-21-VI-2017. Because the Virgin 
Islands courts have recognized the right to common law indemnity between joint 
tortfeasors and because, in the certain circumstances, Virgin Island provides that 
indemnification may be appropriate even if the indemnitee has been convicted of criminal 
charge. And because there's no basis of our plaintiffs claim as a matter of public policy 
at the rule 12 stage. And because the Southern District of New York judgment of 
conviction, to the extent considered does not conclusively decide any issues presented in 
this action. 
And because co-executors's public policy defense does not apply to 
plaintiff common law identity claims, since the defense allowed the party to avoid 
enforcement of a contract. And because any objection to co executor•s indemnification on 
ground for public policy should be found to have been waved by Epsteins past actions. 
And finally, because the co-executors may not raise any objection on 
indemnification on public policy grounds due to unclean hands, 
Conclusion 
PLAINTIFFS RESPONSE TO DEFENDANTS MOTION TO DISMISS FOR FAILURE TO PROSECUTE - 8 

Epstein having engaged in the wrongful conduc~ as the court stated causing 
Plaintiff to incur legal and other expenses in the first place; Epstein and by association, 
his Estate should not be permitted to prevail in this action by relying on a salutary 
public policy. The plaintiff respectfully ask his court to find a Virgin Islands public 
policy, does not bar her indemnity claims in this action. 
PLAINTIFFS RESPONSE TO DEFENDANTS MOTION TO DISMISS FOR FAILURE TO PROSECUTE • 9 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2023.12.22 Response.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2024.01.16 Reply.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2024.01.16 Reply.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
********************************* 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. ESTEIN, 
and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CIVIL NO: ST-20-CV-155 
COMPLEX 
CO-EXECUTORS’ REPLY IN SUPPORT OF SUPPLEMENTAL MOTION TO 
DISMISS, OR ALTERNATIVELY, COMPEL PLAINTIFF TO APPEAR PRO SE  
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, by and through their undersigned 
counsel, in their capacity as Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Estate”), and 
on behalf of the Estate and NES, LLC (“NES”), an entity administered in probate by the Co-
Executors as part of the Estate (collectively, “Defendants”), respectfully submit this reply in 
support of their supplemental motion to dismiss for failure to prosecute, or alternatively, to 
compel Plaintiff Ghislaine Maxwell (“Maxwell”) to appear pro se.   
BACKGROUND AND PROCEDURAL HISTORY 
Almost four years ago, Maxwell initiated this action, seeking contractual and common law 
indemnification of attorneys’ fees and other costs incurred in connection with her criminal 
prosecution in the Southern District of New York.  Subsequently, Defendants moved to dismiss 
IN THE SIJPERJOR COURT 
OF THE VIRGIN I LANDS 
FILED 
January 16, 2024 11:47 AM 
ST-2020-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

pursuant to Virgin Islands Rule of Procedure 12(b)(6) (hereinafter, the “Rule 12(b)(6) Motion”).  
In their Rule 12(b)(6) Motion, Defendants argued that (1) NES’s operating agreement bars 
Maxwell’s claims; (2) the lawsuits for which Maxwell seeks indemnification are not related to her 
performance of legitimate, employment-related duties on behalf of Epstein or his affiliated entities; 
and (3) Maxwell’s criminal conviction precludes her indemnification claims as a matter of public 
policy.  That Motion has been fully briefed and pending before this Court since August 2022. 
In September 2022, the Court stayed these proceedings to allow Maxwell to secure new 
representation after her attorney withdrew.  Six months later, in March 2023, Maxwell still had 
not engaged new counsel and the Court granted her an additional 60 days to do so.  Again, Maxwell 
did not engage new counsel.   
Having received no indication from Maxwell that she had retained new counsel or intended 
to proceed pro se, on September 19, 2023, Defendants moved to dismiss under Rule 41(b) for 
failure to prosecute, or alternatively, to compel Maxwell to appear pro se (hereinafter, the “Rule 
41(b) Motion”).  But on October 3, 2023, the Court docketed a filing from Maxwell—apparently 
dated May 16, 2023—in response to the Court’s March 2023 order.1  In that filing, Maxwell sought 
an additional 180 days to secure new counsel and requested yet another stay during the pendency 
of the appeal of her criminal conviction.  Defendants opposed a stay on October 31, 2023.   
On December 22, 2023, the Court received Maxwell’s opposition to Defendants’ Rule 
41(b) Motion.2  In her opposition, Maxwell indicated that she still has not secured counsel and 
While the Court docketed Maxwell’s filing on October 3, 2023, Maxwell did not serve 
Defendants with a copy.  Defendants did not receive a copy until October 17, 2023, when the Court 
alerted Defendants of the filing.   
Again, Maxwell failed to serve Defendants with a copy of her opposition brief.  

repeated her request to continue the stay while she seeks counsel.  Additionally, she presented 
several substantive arguments in relation to Defendants’ Rule 12(b)(6) Motion.   
Maxwell’s stalling must end.  As with her May 16, 2023 filing, Maxwell’s opposition sets 
forth no new grounds or good cause for continuing the stay in this matter.  Further, Maxwell’s 
arguments as to the merits of Defendants’ Rule 12(b)(6) Motion should be rejected—indeed, each 
of Maxwell’s substantive arguments here merely parrot her prior briefing on the long-pending Rule 
12(b)(6) Motion and are no more convincing today than they were more than a year ago.   
Accordingly, Defendants respectfully submit that the Court should lift the stay and address 
Defendants’ Rule 12(b)(6) Motion.   
ARGUMENT 
Maxwell’s most recent filing is yet another attempt to delay these proceedings—an attempt 
the Court should decline to entertain.  While Defendants’ Rule 41(b) Motion was premised in part 
on Maxwell’s perceived disregard of the Court’s March 2023 Order—which Maxwell apparently 
did respond to in May 2023, but just failed to serve Defendants—the fact remains that this case 
has lain dormant for well over a year and Maxwell is no closer to finding new counsel.  Under the 
circumstances, Defendants respectfully request that the Court lift the stay and address Defendants’ 
pending Rule 12(b)(6) Motion at its earliest convenience.   
Moreover, Maxwell’s arguments opposing Defendants’ Rule 12(b)(6) motion have already 
been briefed by her then-counsel and presented to the Court, further militating in favor of lifting 
the stay and ruling on the Rule 12(b)(6) motion.   Indeed, Maxwell repeats the arguments made in 
her prior briefing, specifically that (1) Virgin Islands’ public policy does not bar her 
indemnification claims; (2) Defendants’ supposed unclean hands bar them from asserting a public 
policy defense; (3) Epstein intended to indemnify her for her criminal conduct; and (4) her criminal 

conviction is not dispositive of her claims.  Opp’n Br. at 3–7.  Each of these arguments lacks merit, 
as outlined in Defendants’ prior briefing.  First, Virgin Islands’ public policy prohibits 
indemnification for those who have engaged in intentional criminal conduct.  Second, the doctrine 
of unclean hands has no application to Defendants’ public policy defense.  Third, the language of 
NES’s Operating Agreement plainly demonstrates that there was no intent to indemnify Maxwell 
for her intentional criminal conduct.  Finally, Maxwell’s criminal conviction is one of several 
reasons to dismiss her claims.  There is no continuing reason to stay this action; respectfully, the 
Court should now consider and grant Defendants’ pending Rule 12(b)(6) Motion.  
I. 
The Stay Should Be Lifted. 
There is no reasonable basis to further delay this matter.  Though Maxwell once again 
requests more time to secure new counsel, she fails to offer any new grounds or good cause to 
support such a request.  The Court has granted Maxwell ample time to find new counsel, but she 
has been unable to do so.  The Court should decline to entertain additional requests from Maxwell.  
And though Maxwell is unrepresented, this does not excuse her from diligently prosecuting her 
claims in accordance with the Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure.  Simon v. Herbert, 69 V.I. 
963, 697 (V.I. 2018) (“Although we have traditionally given pro se litigants greater leeway where 
they have not followed the technical rules of pleading and procedure, self-representation is not a 
license excusing compliance with relevant rules of procedural and substantive law.”) (cleaned up).  
Indeed, as detailed in Defendants’ Rule 41(b) Motion, Maxwell’s failure to abide by the rules of 
procedure—specifically, Rule 41(b)—is prejudicial to Defendants.  As each day passes, evidence 
could be lost, memories will fade, and witnesses may become unavailable, making it all the more 
difficult for Defendants to refute Maxwell’s claims.  Further, though other matters remain open, 
the Estate cannot complete its probate proceedings and bring the Estate to a close while this 
indemnification matter remains pending.  Thus, any further requests for a stay should be denied.   

Moreover, as Maxwell indicates in her opposition, she will “continue to appear” in this 
matter pro se.  Maxwell has now indicated her willingness to proceed pro se twice—in her May 
filing and the most recent opposition—and that status does not justify any further delay of the 
Court’s consideration of Defendants’ Rule 12(b)(6) Motion.  That Motion was briefed by all parties 
when Maxwell was still represented by counsel.  Whether Maxwell is able to obtain counsel or not 
should have no effect on the Court’s consideration of the Rule 12(b)(6) Motion.  Accordingly, 
Defendants respectfully submit that the Court should lift the stay.   
II. 
Maxwell’s Substantive Arguments Are Meritless.  
In her most recent opposition, Maxwell offers several substantive arguments in opposition 
to Defendants’ Rule 12(b)(6) Motion—all of which have been addressed previously and lack merit.     
First, Maxwell falsely contends that public policy does not bar her contractual and common 
law indemnity claims.  She notes that Virgin Islands common law recognizes a right of indemnity 
as between two tortfeasors, and that Virgin Islands statutes permit indemnification for corporate 
officers and employees who engage in criminal conduct on behalf of the corporation.  See Opp’n 
Br. at 3.  But common law indemnity is an equitable remedy, and such a remedy is barred where 
the claimant has been convicted of intentional criminal conduct as is the case here.  See, e.g., Cruse 
v. Callwood, 55 V.I. 999, 1003 (D.V.I. 2010) (parties to a pyramid scheme cannot recover on a 
theory of restitution when they were aware of the nature of the scheme); Willie v. Amerada Hess 
Corp., 66 V.I. 23, 92 (Super. Ct. V.I. 2017) (Virgin Islands recognizes common law 
indemnification “where an innocent party is held vicariously liable for the actions of the true 
tortfeasor”) (emphasis in original).  Similarly, Virgin Islands statutory law permitting 
indemnification for criminal acts requires the claimant to have acted (1) in good faith and (2) 
without reasonable cause to believe her conduct was unlawful.  See 13 V.I.C. § 67a.  Maxwell does 
not even attempt to explain how she meets these requirements, nor could she.  She was convicted 

of several offenses related to her intentional criminal misconduct.  As Judge Alison Nathan 
reflected at her sentencing, Maxwell “was instrumental in the abuse of several underage girls,” 
and is now being “punished for the role that she played.”3  The law is clear: public policy bars 
indemnification for a claimant’s intentional criminal wrongdoing.  Such is the case here.    
Second, Maxwell argues that the doctrine of unclean hands estops Defendants from raising 
a public policy defense.  However, it is Maxwell who is seeking an equitable remedy 
(indemnification) for her intentional wrongdoing—not Defendants.  Additionally, the assertion of 
unclean hands requires that the individual’s alleged wrongful conduct bear relation to the 
transaction at issue, here, Maxwell’s indemnification.  See In re New Valley Corp., 181 F.3d 517, 
523 (3d Cir. 1999).  But Maxwell fails to identify any purported wrongdoing by Defendants in 
relation to her indemnification claims.  Thus, the doctrine of unclean hands does not preclude 
Defendants’ public policy defense.   
Third, Maxwell argues that Epstein’s conduct prior to his death, specifically negotiation of 
a non-prosecution agreement, and the Estate’s assumed indemnification of others support a finding 
that Epstein intended to “indemnify employees and [his] co-conspirators.”  Opp’n Br. at 6.  
However, the NES Operating Agreement expressly prohibits indemnification for claims that are 
“the result of . . . reckless or intentional misconduct.”  Given this unambiguous language, Maxwell 
cannot be indemnified for her intentional criminal misconduct.  See Matter of Carpe Diem 1969 
LLC, No. 2017-56, 2019 WL 3413841, at *5 (D.V.I. July 29, 2019) (“[C]ourts assume that the 
intent of the parties to an instrument is embodied in the writing itself, and when the words are clear 
Transcript at 89:8-25, USA v. Maxwell, No. 20-CR-00330 (S.D.N.Y. June 28, 2022), ECF No. 
779.  

and unambiguous the intent is to be discovered only from the express language of the agreement.”) 
(cleaned up).  
Fourth, Maxwell wrongly asserts that her conviction does “not conclusively establish any 
issue presented here” and is “not dispositive” of her indemnification claims.  Br. at 7.  Though 
Maxwell’s conviction is currently on appeal,4 there are other bases set forth in the Rule 12(b)(6) 
Motion that independently support dismissal of her claims, including that the lawsuits for which 
Maxwell seeks indemnification are not related to her performance of legitimate, employment-
related duties on behalf of Epstein or his affiliated entities.  Accordingly, there is no need to await 
the outcome of Maxwell’s appeal.  In sum, Maxwell’s substantive arguments in opposition to 
Defendants’ Rule 12(b)(6) Motion are meritless and should be rejected.   
CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, the Court should grant the Rule 41(b) Motion, lift the stay, and 
grant the pending Rule 12(b)(6) Motion.  
Respectfully,   
Dated: January 16, 2024 
            /s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin _______________   
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966 & 1221 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
As discussed in Defendants’ prior briefing, the Court should decline to stay these proceedings 
during the pendency of Maxwell’s criminal appeal.  The appeal has not yet been scheduled for oral 
argument, see Appeal No. 22-1426 (2d Cir. Dec. 5, 2023), ECF No. 90, and as described above, 
further delay in this matter is prejudicial to Defendants’ ability to refute Maxwell’s claims or 
administer the Estate.  

Counsel for Executor Darren K. Indyke, the Estate of 
Jeffrey E. Epstein, and NES, LLC 
Dated January 16, 2024 
/s/ Daniel H. Weiner                        
DANIEL H. WEINER 
V.I. Bar No. PHV4223 
HUGHES HUBBARD & REED LLP 
One Battery Park Plaza 
New York, New York 10004 
Telephone: (212) 837-6460 
Facsimile: (212) 299-6460 
daniel.weiner@hugheshubbard.com 
Counsel for the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Dated January 16, 2024 
/s/ Gordon C. Rhea                               
GORDON C. RHEA, ESQ. 
VI Bar No. 220 
Gordon C. Rhea, PC 
1533 Appling Drive 
Mount Pleasant, SC 29464 
Telephone: 340-244-8768 
grhea@rpwb.com 
Counsel for Executor Richard D. Kahn 
Dated January 16, 2024 
/s/ Daniel S. Ruzumna                                 
DANIEL S. RUZUMNA, ESQ. 
V.I. Bar No. PHV4357 
Patterson Belknap Webb & Taylor, LLP 
1133 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10583 
Telephone: (212) 336-2034 
Email: druzumna@pbwt.com 
Counsel for Executor Richard D. Kahn 

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on January 16, 2024, I will cause a true and exact copy of the 
foregoing Co-Executors’ Reply in Support of Supplemental Motion to Dismiss, or 
Alternatively, Compel Plaintiff to Appear Pro Se, which complies with the page or word 
limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), to be served via Certified Mail return receipt requested upon: 
Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell  
Register Number 02879-509  
FCI Tallahassee  
P O Box 5000  
Tallahassee FL  32314 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin           


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2024.01.16 Reply.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2024.01.29 Notice to the Court.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2024.01.29 Notice to the Court.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN 
********************************* 
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
Plaintiff, 
v. 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as 
EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF 
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF 
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, 
and NES, LLC, a New York Limited 
Liability Company, 
Defendants. 
CIVIL NO: ST-20-CV-155 
COMPLEX 
NOTICE OF FILING AMENDED CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on January 19, 2024, a true and exact copy of the Co-
Executors’ Reply in Support of Supplemental Motion to Dismiss, or Alternatively, Compel 
Plaintiff to Appear Pro Se, which complies with the page or word limitation set forth in Rule 6-
1(e), to be served via Certified Mail return receipt requested upon: 
Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell  
Register Number 02879-509  
FCI Tallahassee  
P O Box 5000  
Tallahassee FL  32314 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin           
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
January 29, 2024 12:24 PM 
ST-2020-CV-00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.  
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155 
Notice of Filing 
Page 2 
Respectfully, 
Dated: January 29, 2024 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin           
CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ. 
SHARI N. D’ANDRADE, ESQ. 
V.I. Bar Nos. 966 & 1221 
KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC 
Royal Palms Professional Building 
9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101 
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802 
Telephone: (340) 779-2564 
Facsimile: (888) 316-9269 
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com 
sdandrade@kellfer.com 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on January 29, 2024, a true and exact copy of the foregoing 
Notice of Filing Amended Certificate of Service, which complies with the page or word 
limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), to be served via Certified Mail return receipt requested upon: 
Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell  
Register Number 02879-509  
FCI Tallahassee  
P.O. Box 5000  
Tallahassee FL  32314 
/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin           


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2024.01.29 Notice to the Court.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2025.04.16 Distribution Queue Template.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2025.04.16 Distribution Queue Template.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN Tilt l ERIOR COURT 
OFHIE\'IRGIN I LAD 
FILED 
April 16, 2025 12:13 PM 
ST-2020-CV-00155 
T 
IARACRARLE 
CLERK OF THE CO RT 
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
DIVISION OF ST. CROIX 
IN RE: REASSIGNMENT OF 
UNGROUPED COMPLEX CASES 
Case No. SX-2025-MC-00024 
ORDER OF REASSIGNMENT TO COMPLEX LITIGATION DIVISION 
This matter came before the Presiding Judge of the Superior Court upon 
review of case assignments to Honorable Judge Ernest E. Morris, Jr. In so doing 
the undersigned makes the following observations: 
WHEREAS Judge Morris succeeded then Judge Harold W. L. Willocks, as 
a general jurisdiction superior court judge, when he took the oath of office on July 
23, 2024; 
WHEREAS the following 15 cases are currently assigned to Judge Morris, 
ST-2019-CV-602 
ST-2020-CV-155 
SX-1997-CV-328 
SX-2000-CV-328 
SX-2002-CV-598 
SX-2002-CV-641 
SX-2005-CV-273 
SX-2005-CV-583 
SX-2005-CV-661 
SX-2006-CV-627 
SX-2009-CV-299 
SX-2016-CV-434 
SX-2018-CV-381 
SX-2018-CV-146 
SX-2020-CV-684 

In Re Reassignment of Ungrouped Complex Cases 
SX-2025-MC-024 
Order of Reassignment to Complex Litigation Division 
Page 2 
WHEREAS these cases were previously assigned to then Judge Willocks 
per his agreement to assist the Complex Litigation Division, and were inherited and 
reassigned to Judge Morris' docket via the routine assignment procedure for new 
judges; 
WHEREAS this Court previously determined all of the cases as complex; 
and 
WHEREAS the undersigned concludes it is in the best interest of judicial 
efficiency that all such cases should be managed as complex cases within the 
Complex Litigation Division, pursuant to V.I.R. Civ. P. 92(c) and (d), to promote the 
efficient utilization of judicial resources and the facilities and personnel of the court; 
NOW THEREFORE, it is hereby 
ORDERED that, pursuant to Title 4, Virgin Islands Code, Section 72b(a), all 
cases (listed in the second "Whereas Clause" above) shall be and are 
reassigned to the Complex Litigation Division to be presided over by the 
Complex Litigation Division Judge, Honorable Alphonso G. Andrews, Jr. 
Date: April /6, 2025 
~ 
?-:: 
Debra.Wat1ington 7 
Presiding Judge of the Superior Court 
of the Virgin Islands 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2025.04.16 Distribution Queue Template.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2025.04.16 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2025.04.16 Notice of Entry of Judgment.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
District of St. Thomas/St. John
Ghislaine Maxwell,
Plaintiff,
v.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN K. 
INDYKE in his capacity as EXECUTOR of THE 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF HIE ES 
IAIE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York limited Liability Company,
Defendants.                                    
Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155
Action: Debt
NOTICE of ENTRY
of
   ORDER
To: 
Ghislaine Maxwell
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq.
Christopher A. Kroblin, Esq.
Andrew W. Heymann, Esq.
Williams L. Blum, Esq.
Shari N. D’Andrade, Esq.
Carol L. Thomas-Jacobs, Esq.
Ariel M. Smith, Esq.
Daniel S. Ruzumma, Esq.
Marjorie Whalen, Esq.
Please take notice that on April 16, 2025
a(n)
ORDER OF REASSIGNMENT
dated
April 16, 2025
was/were entered
by the Clerk in the above-titled matter.
   Dated: 
April 16, 2025                  
Tamara Charles
Clerk of the Court
By:
Cheryl Parris
Court Clerk III
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
April 16, 2025 06:20 PM 
ST- 2020-CV -00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2025.04.16 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================


==================== DOCUMENT: Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2025.04.23 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================

METADATA_SOURCE: Court Records\Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)
METADATA_FILENAME: 2025.04.23 Notice of Entry of Judgment.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
District of St. Thomas/St. John
Ghislaine Maxwell,
Plaintiff,
v.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN K. 
INDYKE in his capacity as EXECUTOR of THE 
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. 
KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF HIE ES 
IAIE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a 
New York limited Liability Company,
Defendants.                                    
Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155
Action: Debt
AMENDED NOTICE of ENTRY
of
   ORDER
To: 
Ghislaine Maxwell
Christopher A. Kroblin, Esq.
Andrew W. Heymann, Esq.
Williams L. Blum, Esq.
Shari N. D’Andrade, Esq.
Ariel M. Smith, Esq.
Daniel S. Ruzumma, Esq.
Marjorie Whalen, Esq.
Please take notice that on April 16, 2025
a(n)
ORDER OF REASSIGNMENT
dated
April 16, 2025
was/were entered
by the Clerk in the above-titled matter.
   Dated: 
April 16, 2025                  
Tamara Charles
Clerk of the Court
By:
Cheryl Parris
Court Clerk III
IN THE SIJPERJOR CO URI 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS 
FILED 
April 23, 2025 01:16 PM 
ST- 2020-CV -00155 
TAMARA CHARLES 
CLERK OF THE COURT 


==================== END OF Court Records__Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, No. ST-20-CV-155 (V.I. Super. Ct. 2020)__2025.04.23 Notice of Entry of Judgment.txt ====================
