
--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988099.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988099.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 12:20:54 +0000 
1130 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 8:15 AM, 
wrote: 
Jeffrey good morning 
What about me today ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988099

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988100.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 12:44:57 +0000 
I don't ignore you. I don't know what questions do you mean? I was thinking about how to get better. ( you 
never asked what sholuld I be doing or leering ) We spoke about charity trip before so thought that I can do it. 
Also I'm exercising typing and watch khan. I did dyslexic test and went to dermatologist. I'm sony to hear that 
you see that I'm not trying. Also I found course of various massages for 5-7. ( what does that mean ? ) Can I 
book it for that days? questions what skills do i need ? how do I get them. ? massage is availbe in many 
countries and places you are not limited to warsaw. deramtlologist makes no sense if they wont' give you 
medication. . you should be in classes or taking lessons from people everday. you have my full support 
=use it 
Ps what type of questions should I ask then? 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 8:40 AM, 
> wrote: 
I don't ignore you. I don't know what questions do you mean? I was thinking about how to get better. We spoke 
about charity trip before so thought that I can do it. Also I'm exercising typing and watch khan. I did dyslexic 
test and went to dermatologist. I'm sony to hear that you see that I'm not trying. Also I found course of various 
massages for 5-7. Can I book it for that days? 
Ps what type of questions should I ask then? 
W dniu czwartek, 24 kwietnia 2014 Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> napisal(a): 
> I hope your test was easy for you. I was quite disappointed that none of your questions re what you should 
do with your time relates to how you can do a better job, start a more secure financail life. have a more 
direction to your goals. 
I have told you many mnay times that charity can wait until you are older and the 
most importnat chariy is you you you... going to madagasgar before you are stable. have direction and are 
really good at helping me or other jobs. makes no sense ( at aleast to me ) as alwys and as unfortunately 
common , though i spend the time to give you my best advice, re skin, biz etiquette etc. you choose to 
ignore. it. . I had suggested taking multipew toefl test. the entire four hours at a time. you disagered, 
adn the results are the results. doing it again without more preparation is silly , and you should make a 
distinction between spending time and spendign time wisely. you are great. I want the best for you. Im not 
sure how to get my message across. as I said it seems that i am not ding a very good job in explaing the risks 
and rewards. 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA00988100
--- PAGE 2 ---
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988101

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988102.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey E stein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 12:53:51 +0000 
yes to both. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 8:52 AM 
I miss ya ! Are you in town? 
Could I make an appt w Patrick today? And visit you ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00988102

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988103.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988103.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Lawrence H. Summers"
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 11:02:10 +0000 
https://www.ft.corn/content/42b521c0-b028-11e7-beba-5521c713abf4 
-- Sound familiar? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988103

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988104.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Office of Tetje Rod-Larsen 
Subject: April 24 update 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 12:54:51 +0000 
April, 2014 
Article I. 
NYT 
Palestinian Rivals Announce Unity Pact, Drawing U.S. and 
Israeli Rebuke 
Jodi Rudoren and Michael R. Gordon 
Article 2. 
The Council on Foreign Relations 
The Fatah-Hamas Gaza Palestinian Unity Agreement 
Robert M. Danin 
Article 3. 
Al Monitor 
Hamas reconciliation last straw for Palestine critics in Congress 
Julian Pecquet 
Article 4. 
New Statesman 
Tony Blair's speech on the Middle East 
Tony Blair 
Article 5. 
Al Monitor 
Get ready for the next Erclogan decade 
Mustafa Akyol 
Article 6. 
The Diplomat 
US-Japan Relations and Obama's Visit to Japan 
Yo-Jung Chen 
NYT 
Palestinian Rivals Announce Unity Pact, 
Drawing  U.S. and Israeli Rebuke 
Jodi Rudoren and Michael R. Gordon 
April 23, 2014 -- The faltering  Middle East peace process was thrown into 
further jeopardy on Wednesday, with Israel and the United States harshly 
condemning a new deal announced by feuding Palestinian factions, 
including the militant group Hamas, to repair their seven-year rift. 
EFTA00988104
--- PAGE 2 ---
Israel canceled a negotiating session scheduled for Wednesday night 
shortly after leaders of the Palestine Liberation Organization joined hands 
with their rivals from Hamas at a celebratory ceremony in the Gaza Strip. 
"Whoever chooses Hamas does not want peace," the Israeli prime minister, 
Benjamin Netanyahu, said in a statement, describing the group as "a 
murderous terrorist organization that calls for the destruction of Israel." 
The unity pact, coming days before the April 29 expiration date for the 
American-brokered peace talks that have been the mainstay of Secretary of 
State John Kerry's tenure, surprised officials in Washington, which, like 
Israel, deems Hamas a terrorist group and forbids direct dealings with it. 
After months of intensive shuttle diplomacy in which Mr. Kerry 
relentlessly pursued the peace process and even dangled the possibility a 
releasing  an American convicted of spying for Israel to salvage the lifeless 
talks, his spokeswoman, Jen Psaki, called the Palestinian move 
"disappointing" and the timing "troubling." 
The Hamas prime minister, Ismail Haniya, center, and Azzam al-Ahmad, 
left, a senior Fatah official who headed the P.L.O. delegation to Gaza, at a 
news conference on Wednesday in Gaza City. Credit Wissam Nassar for 
The New York Times 
"Any Palestinian government must unambiguously and explicitly commit 
to nonviolence, recognition of the state of Israel, and acceptance of 
previous agreements and obligations between the parties," Ms. Psaki said, 
citing conditions Hamas has repeatedly rejected. "It's hard to see how 
Israel can be expected to negotiate with a government that does not believe 
in its right to exist." 
Hamas and Fatah, the faction that dominates the P.L.O., have signed 
several similar accords before that were not carried out, so it remained 
unclear whether Wednesday's deal promised a real resolution or a replay of 
an old movie. 
Some analysts saw the step primarily as a tactic by President Mahmoud 
Abbas of the Palestinian Authority to pressure Israel to make concessions 
as the clock winds down on extending the fraught negotiations. He said in 
statement that "there is no contradiction at all" between reconciliation and 
negotiation, adding, "We are totally committed to establishing a just and 
comprehensive peace based on the two-state principle." 
EFTA00988105
--- PAGE 3 ---
Other experts noted that Palestinian political conditions have drastically 
changed since the signing of previous agreements, which could lead both 
parties to make the compromises necessary to put this one into action. 
Hamas has been in a deep political and economic crisis since the military-
backed government took over Egypt last summer and largely cut ties with 
Gaza. Mr. Abbas, at 79, is looking for a legacy and an exit strategy. 
Reconciliation is deeply resonant among Palestinians and could revive the 
president's sagging popularity. 
"It's not bad for both sides — it is bad for the peace process," said Shimrit 
Meir, an Israeli analyst of Palestinian politics and editor of The Source, an 
Arabic news website. "It is simply rude, in diplomatic language, when 
Kerry is doing his last heroic effort to save the peace process, to reward it 
with reconciliation with a terrorist group. I think this is a message, and it's 
very blunt." 
Something like this is a prerequisite to peace, as a practical matter. Or do 
negotiations with an entity that effectively represents only a fraction of the 
people and territories involved make any sense? 
Beyond the damage to the peace talks, joining forces with Hamas could 
cost the Palestinians millions of dollars in financial aid from the United 
States and Europe, and prompt a host of retaliatory actions by Israel. 
Even as the deal was being announced, there were other signs of tension. 
An Israeli airstrike hit northern Gaza, apparently missing the militant on a 
motorcycle it was aiming for and wounding 12 Palestinians, including two 
children, according to Gaza health officials. Later Wednesday evening, two 
rockets fired from Gaza landed in open areas of southern Israel. 
The schism between Hamas and Fatah began in 2007, with a brief but 
bloody civil war that followed a failed unity government after Hamas's 
victory in 2006 Palestinian elections. It left Palestinian territory divided, 
with Hamas ruling Gaza, the impoverished and isolated coastal expanse, 
and the Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority governing the larger and 
more populous West Bank. 
Dreams of reconciliation have been repeatedly dashed, after much-
trumpeted agreements signed in Cairo in 2011 and Doha in 2012 were 
never carried out. 
"Sorry to say that we are familiar with such celebrations," said Talal Okal, 
a Gaza political analyst. "I hope that this time will be more serious, but to 
EFTA00988106
--- PAGE 4 ---
be more serious is to go directly and quickly to the first step, to let the 
people touch and see, not to hear only." 
On Wednesday afternoon, after two days of meetings at the home of the 
Hamas prime minister, Ismail Haniya, in Gaza City's Beach refugee camp, 
the Palestinian leaders vowed to form a government of technocrats within 
five weeks that would prepare for long-overdue elections six months later. 
"I announce to our people the news that the years of split are over," Mr. 
Haniya said triumphantly. 
Azzam al-Ahmad, a senior Fatah official who headed the P.L.O. delegation 
to Gaza, said he hoped the deal would be "a true beginning and a true 
partnership." 
Ziad Abu Amr, deputy prime minister of the Palestinian Authority and a 
close aide to Mr. Abbas, said the new deal came about because "the 
situation has become more demanding and the pressures are rising." He 
cited Egypt's frequent closing of the Rafah border crossing, Gaza's 
gateway to the world, which he said a technocratic government could 
reverse, as well as domestic political concerns. 
"It's a psychological and national issue that Palestinians feel they are 
united," Mr. Abu Amr said. "This split is hurting them." 
Ultimately, what we have here are two distinct peoples contesting 
ownership of essentially one land, from the Jordan to the Mediterranean. ... 
He and other Palestinian leaders dismissed Israel's threats and said 
reconciliation was an internal matter, noting that the presence of extreme 
right-wing members in Israel's governing coalition had not stopped 
Palestinians from participating in the peace talks. They also pointed out 
that some Israeli leaders had questioned Mr. Abbas's ability to deliver a 
peace deal with Hamas controlling Gaza. 
"Mr. Netanyahu and his government were using Palestinian division as an 
excuse not to make peace," said Saeb Erekat, the chief Palestinian 
negotiator. "Now they want to use Palestinian reconciliation as an excuse 
for the same purpose. This is utterly absurd." 
Israel's cabinet planned to meet Thursday to plan its next steps. Dore Gold, 
a senior adviser to Mr. Netanyahu, called the Palestinian deal "a real game 
changer," and said, "You cannot have a serious peace process with Hamas 
inside." 
EFTA00988107
--- PAGE 5 ---
Tzipi Livni, Israel's chief negotiator, said the reconciliation was a "very 
problematic development." 
Some Washington-based Middle East experts, who had long thought Mr. 
Kerry's efforts to be an uphill struggle given the yawning gaps between 
Israeli and Palestinian positions on fundamental issues, said Wednesday's 
developments boded ill. 
Aaron David Miller, a former State Department peace negotiator, said Mr. 
Abbas had "bought peace at home in exchange for significant tensions with 
the Israelis" and called the move "one more nail to a peace-process coffin 
that is rapidly being closed." 
Dennis B. Ross, another former American peace envoy, said that the move 
could make Mr. Abbas "less susceptible to a domestic backlash for 
continuing the process with the Israelis," but that "the timing is very 
problematic — when the process is already faltering, this could be a body 
blow." 
Tamara Cofman Wittes, director of the Saban Center for Middle East 
Policy at the Brookings Institution in Washington, said the implications 
depended on the precise terms of the reconciliation, which have yet to be 
revealed. 
"If, and it is a big `if,' Hamas comes under the P.L.O. umbrella in such a 
way that it accedes to the P.L.O.'s recognition of Israel and the P.L.O.'s 
signed agreements with Israel," she said, "that would be historic." 
"What would make it horrible is if Hamas were to join the P.L.O. without 
those kinds of commitments," Ms. Wittes added. "Then it calls into 
question the P.L.O.'s commitments that it has already made." 
Jodi Rudoren reported from Jerusalem, and Michael R. Gordon from 
Washington. Fares Akram contributed reporting from Gaza City, and Isabel 
Kershner and Said Ghazali from Jerusalem. 
The Council on Foreign Relations 
The Fatah-Hamas Gaza Palestinian Unity 
Agreement 
EFTA00988108
--- PAGE 6 ---
Robert M. Danin 
April 23, 2014 -- Hamas and Fatah have once again reached an agreement 
to overcome their split, claiming they will form a unity government within 
five weeks and hold general elections by December. There is little reason 
to believe that the unity agreement reached today in Gaza between Hamas 
and Fatah is any more credible, or stands any better chance of 
implementation, than the previous failed unity agreements between the two 
parties penned in Cairo and Doha. The fundamental issues that divide them 
remain: Hamas is interested in an Islamist agenda while Fatah opposes it. 
Hamas opposes a two-state peace solution to the conflict with Israel while 
Fatah supports it. Moreover, Hamas is loath to relinquish control of Gaza, 
and Fatah has no interest in sharing the West Bank with its political 
adversary. 
Both Fatah and Hamas have an interest right now in demonstrating efforts 
to seek unity, even if they never implement such an agreement. The idea of 
unity is very popular with a Palestinian public largely disenchanted with 
both Hamas and Fatah. That Palestinian elections have not been held since 
2006 erodes both parties' legitimacy and reinforces a popular image of 
Fatah and Hamas as more interested in power and its benefits than in 
delivering political or economic benefits to their people. For Hamas, unity 
efforts may give the group a political bounce at a time when the 
organization (and all of Gaza) is hurting from unprecedented Egyptian 
efforts on the ground to squeeze Hamas. 
Yet with Islamist parties on the defensive throughout the Middle East right 
now, why would Abbas agree to share power with his arch rivals and risk 
alienating potential Arab patrons who seek the destruction of the Muslim 
Brotherhood and their offshoots such as Hamas? For Abbas, talking to 
Hamas about unity when it is unlikely to be implemented is tactically 
attractive. In addition to its popularity, focusing on domestic politics right 
now by talking to Hamas can help deflect attention from negotiations with 
Israel that are likely to collapse by the end of this month. 
Abbas knows that moving forward on his stated intention to seek further 
international recognition for Palestine should the peace efforts fail could 
prove painful to him and the Palestinian people. Israel is likely to take 
punitive actions on the ground, and many international donors will 
EFTA00988109
--- PAGE 7 ---
probably withhold financial assistance as well as political support. 
Pursuing unity talks with Hamas can pivot Palestinian politics towards a 
domestic agenda away from the international one. When Hamas later fails 
to sign on to Abbas' terms for unity or rejects allowing the PLO to retake 
control of Gaza, the Palestinian president can blame Hamas for thwarting 
efforts and Palestinian elections. 
At the same time, Abbas may also calculate that flirting with Hamas puts 
pressure on Israel to compromise in Secretary of State Kerry's last-ditch 
efforts to keep negotiations going past the April 29 expiration deadline. 
Abbas may think that Netanyahu will want to keep the Palestinians from 
moving to a rejectionist stance in the absence of peace talks. 
If that is Abbas' intention, it is likely to backfire. Rather than prompting 
Israelis to make endgame concessions to reach a deal right now, Abbas' 
flirting with Hamas is more likely to provoke Netanyahu to point a finger 
at Abbas and say that the Palestinians are to blame for thwarting Kerry's 
efforts, and that Abbas is really no partner for genuine peace. Netanyahu 
could choose to ignore the unity talks and diminish their significance while 
betting on their likely failure. But that would provide further ammunition 
to his political critics on the right. Moreover, Palestinian unity efforts make 
it all the more certain that Abbas will not budge on the one issue of 
primacy to Israeli negotiators—that the Palestinians recognize Israel as the 
nation-state of the Jewish people. 
It remains theoretically possible, though highly unlikely, that this time will 
be different, and that Hamas and Fatah will both see enough benefit in 
making fundamental compromises that would produce a mutually 
acceptable interim government leading to new elections. Failing that, the 
ensuing talks to cobble together a unity government will likely replace one 
set of fruitless talks—those between Israel and the Palestinians—with 
another set of negotiations with similarly poor prospects for realization. 
Robert M. Danin - Eni Enrico Mattei Senior Fellow for Middle East and 
Africa Studies. 
Anicle 3. 
Al Monitor 
EFTA00988110
--- PAGE 8 ---
Hamas reconciliation last straw for Palestine 
critics in Congress 
Julian Pecquet 
April 23, 2014 -- Wednesday's announcement of a reconciliation between 
the rival Palestinian factions Hamas and Fatah triggered an instant call for 
retaliation on Capitol Hill. 
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, R-Fla., the author of the Palestinian Anti-
Terrorism Act, called for an immediate suspension of US aid to the 
Palestinian Authority. The 2006 law, passed after Hamas won that year's 
legislative elections, prohibits support for a "Hamas-controlled Palestinian 
Authority." 
"The Administration must halt aid to the Palestinian Authority and 
condition any future assistance as leverage to force Abu Mazen [Mahmoud 
Abbas] to abandon this reconciliation with Hamas and to implement real 
reforms within the PA," Ros-Lehtinen, who chairs the House Foreign 
Affairs panel on the Middle East, said in a statement. "U.S. law is clear on 
the prohibition of U.S. assistance to a unity Palestinian government that 
includes Hamas, a designated Foreign Terrorist Organization, and President 
Obama must not allow one cent of American taxpayer money to help fund 
this terrorist group." 
Her Democratic counterpart on the subcommittee, Ted Deutch of Florida, 
issued a similar warning. 
"President Abbas now stands at a pivotal crossroad — does he want peace 
with Israel or reconciliation with Hamas?" Deutch said. "Be certain that the 
Palestinian Authority will face significant consequences if a unity 
government is formed that includes terrorist members of Hamas." 
Rep. Nita Lowey, D-N.Y., the top Democrat on the House Appropriations 
Committee, flatly said the move "jeopardizes US assistance." 
The statements follow etr- orts out of Gaza that Hamas and the PLO, which 
runs the PA in the West Bank, have agreed to form a unity government 
within five weeks. Such a government would then prepare for elections 
within the next six months. 
"I announce to our people the news that the years of split are over," Hamas 
Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh was quoted as telling reporters in Gaza. 
EFTA00988111
--- PAGE 9 ---
The announcement comes on the heels of the Abbas's decision to sign 15 
UN treaties, a move that had already triggered congressional ire. House 
appropriators warned earlier this month that they could revisit aid requests 
as a result of that decision, which the Palestinians said was in response to 
Israel's failure to release a fourth and final batch of prisoners under the 
terms of US-brokered peace talks. 
The White House requested $440 million for aid to the West Bank and 
Gaza in 2014. 
The president's fiscal year 2015 budget request includes $370 million in 
Economic Support Funds that the State Department says "creates an 
atmosphere that supports negotiations, encourages broad-based economic 
growth, promotes democratic governance, and improves the everyday lives 
of Palestinians, thereby creating an environment supportive of a peace 
agreement and contributing to the overall stability and security of the 
region." It also sets aside $70 million in International Narcotics Control 
and Law Enforcement funding aimed at "reforming the Palestinian 
Authority (PA) security sector, and sustaining and maintaining the 
capabilities that the security forces have developed." 
State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said joining forces with Hamas 
could put aid to the PA in jeopardy. 
"Well, obviously, there would be implications," she told reporters on April 
23. "I don't have those all in front of me ... but what we're going to watch 
and see here is what happens over the coming hours and days to see what 
steps are taken by the Palestinians." 
The Palestinian envoy to the United States had no immediate comment. 
The 2006 anti-terror law bars aid to a Hamas government unless the group 
recognizes Israel, dismantles terrorist infrastructure in its jurisdiction and 
ceases anti-Israel "incitement." Early reports suggested that's unlikely to 
happen, with the Palestinian Information Center quoting Hamas 
parliamentarian Hassan Youssef as declaring that Hamas would neither 
recognize Israel nor "give up the resistance." 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Abbas would have to 
choose between Hamas and peace talks with Israel. 
"Does he want peace with Hamas, or peace with Israel?" Netanyahu said. 
"You can have one but not the other. I hope he chooses peace. So far he 
hasn't done so." 
EFTA00988112
--- PAGE 10 ---
"A unity government with Hamas, within the frame of reference of where 
Hamas's position is, turns that government effectively into a terrorist 
government," Hillel Frisch, a senior research fellow at the Begin-Sadat 
Center for Strategic Studies at Bar-Ilan University, said in a conference call 
with reporters organized by The Israel Project. "Because it's a government 
where a principal member of that government — maybe even the leading 
member of that government — advocates terrorism against a sovereign 
United Nations member state. In that sense it would certainly be 
considered a terrorist entity and might legally be sanctioned with 
congressional cuts." 
Ironically, Frisch suggested Israel would welcome a unity government — if 
Hamas turned over a new leaf. 
"In fact," he said, a unity government "would be much better, because any 
peace talks could possibly result in a peace agreement with all the 
Palestinians, rather than half the Palestinians." 
"Until now," he said, "any process that ends up with a peace agreement 
with Abbas, we know with 100% certainty that come the next day Israel 
will be attacked with rockets from Gaza." 
Ros-Lehtinen said she'd hold hearings on the PA soon. 
"In the coming weeks, I will convene a subcommittee hearing on this issue 
and many more regarding the PA, Israel and the peace process," she said. 
"It's long past time the US reassess its relationship with the corrupt Abu 
Mazen and his cronies." 
Her panel is scheduled to hold a hearing next week on President 
Barack Obama's fiscal year 2015 budget request for the Middle East and 
North Africa. Slated to testify are Anne Patterson, assistant secretary of 
state for near eastern affairs, and Alina Romanowski, deputy assistant US 
Agency for International Development administrator. 
Julian Pecquet is Al-Monitor's Congressional Correspondent. He 
previously led The Hill's Global Affairs blog. 
New Statesman 
Tony Blair's speech on the Middle East 
EFTA00988113
--- PAGE 11 ---
Day Blair 
April, 2014 - 08:45 -- It is unsurprising that public opinion in the UK 
and elsewhere, resents the notion that we should engage with the politics of 
the Middle East and beyond. We have been through painful engagements in 
Afghanistan and Iraq. After 2008, we have had our own domestic anxieties 
following the financial crisis. And besides if we want to engage, people 
reasonably ask: where, how and to what purpose? 
More recently, Ukraine has served to push the Middle East to the inside 
pages, with the carnage of Syria featuring somewhat, but the chaos of 
Libya, whose Government we intervened to change, hardly meriting a 
mention. 
However the Middle East matters. What is presently happening there, still 
represents the biggest threat to global security of the early 21st C. The 
region, including the wider area outside its conventional boundary —
Pakistan, Afghanistan to the east and North Africa to the west — is in 
turmoil with no end in sight to the upheaval and any number of potential 
outcomes from the mildly optimistic to catastrophe. 
At the root of the crisis lies a radicalised and politicised view of Islam, an 
ideology that distorts and warps Islam's true message. The threat of this 
radical Islam is not abating. It is growing. It is spreading across the world. 
It is de-stabilising communities and even nations. It is undermining the 
possibility of peaceful co-existence in an era of globalisation. And in the 
face of this threat we seem curiously reluctant to acknowledge it and 
powerless to counter it effectively. 
In this speech I will set out how we should do this, including the 
recognition that on this issue, whatever our other differences, we should be 
prepared to reach out and cooperate with the East, and in particular, Russia 
and China. 
The statement that the Middle East `matters', is no longer uncontested. 
Some say after the shale revolution, the region has declined in significance 
for energy supplies, at least for the USA. Others say that though they 
accept that it continues to be a relevant and important region, there are 
other more pressing problems, most particularly now with Eastern Europe 
facing a resurgent, nationalist Russia. For the most part, a very common 
EFTA00988114
--- PAGE 12 ---
sentiment is that the region may be important but it is ungovernable and 
therefore impossible and therefore we should let it look after itself. 
I would say there are four reasons why the Middle East remains of central 
importance and cannot be relegated to the second order. 
First and most obviously, it is still where a large part of the world's energy 
supplies are generated, and whatever the long term implications of the 
USA energy revolution, the world's dependence on the Middle East is not 
going to disappear any time soon. In any event, it has a determining effect 
on the price of oil; and thus on the stability and working of the global 
economy. 
Secondly, it is right on the doorstep of Europe. The boundary of the EU is a 
short distance from the Levantine coast. Instability here affects Europe, as 
does instability in North Africa, in close proximity to Spain and Italy. 
Third, in the centre of this maelstrom, is Israel. Its alliance with the USA, 
its partnership with leading countries of Europe, and the fact that it is a 
Western democracy, mean that its fate is never going to be a matter of 
indifference. Over these past years, with considerable skill, the Israelis 
have also built up relationships with China and with Russia. These aren't 
the same as their long standing Western alliances but they have 
significance. Were the Israelis to be pulled into a regional conflict, there is 
no realistic way that the world could or would want to shrug it off. For the 
moment, Israel has successfully stayed aloof from the storm around it. But 
the one thing the last few years has taught us (and them) is that we can 
expect the unexpected. 
Finally and least obvious, is a reason we are curiously reluctant to admit, in 
part because the admission would throw up some very difficult policy 
choices. It is in the Middle East that the future of Islam will be decided. By 
this I mean the future of its relationship with politics. This is controversial 
because the world of politics is uncomfortable talking about religion; 
because some will say that really the problems are not religious but 
political; and even because — it is true — that the largest Muslim populations 
are to be found outside the region not inside it. 
But I assert it nonetheless. I do so because underneath the turmoil and 
revolution of the past years is one very clear and unambiguous struggle: 
between those with a modern view of the Middle East, one of pluralistic 
societies and open economies, where the attitudes and patterns of 
EFTA00988115
--- PAGE 13 ---
globalisation are embraced; and, on the other side, those who want to 
impose an ideology born out of a belief that there is one proper religion 
and one proper view of it, and that this view should, exclusively, determine 
the nature of society and the political economy. We might call this latter 
perspective an `Islamist' view, though one of the frustrating things about 
this debate is the inadequacy of the terminology and the tendency for any 
short hand to be capable of misinterpretation, so that you can appear to 
elide those who support the Islamist ideology with all Muslims. 
But wherever you look — from Iraq to Libya to Egypt to Yemen to Lebanon 
to Syria and then further afield to Iran, Pakistan and Afghanistan — this is 
the essential battle. Of course there are an array of complexities in each 
case, derived from tribe, tradition and territory. I would not for a moment 
suggest that these conflicts do not have their own individual characteristics. 
And the lack of economic opportunity is without doubt a prime proximate 
cause of the region's chaos. But there is something frankly odd about the 
reluctance to accept what is so utterly plain: that they have in common a 
struggle around the issue of the rightful place of religion, and in particular 
Islam, in politics. 
It is crucially important in this description not to confuse the issue of 
religion and politics, with the question of religiosity. Many of those totally 
opposed to the Islamist ideology are absolutely devout Muslims. In fact it 
is often the most devout who take most exception to what they regard as 
the distortion of their faith by those who claim to be ardent Muslims whilst 
acting in a manner wholly in contradiction to the proper teaching of the 
Koran. 
Neither should this be seen in simplistic Sunni/Shia terms. Sometimes the 
struggle is seen in those terms and sometimes it is right to see it so. But the 
real battle is against both Sunni and Shia extremism where the majority of 
people, Sunni or Shia, who are probably perfectly content to live and let 
live, in the same way that nowadays most Catholics and Protestants do, are 
caught in a vicious and often literal crossfire between competing 
exclusivist views of the `true' Islam. Where the two views align, whatever 
their mutual antagonism, is in the belief that those who think differently are 
the `enemy' either within or without. 
The reason this matters so much is that this ideology is exported around the 
world. The Middle East is still the epicentre of thought and theology in 
EFTA00988116
--- PAGE 14 ---
Islam. Those people, fortunately not a majority, in countries like, for 
example, Indonesia or Malaysia who espouse a strict Islamist perspective, 
didn't originate these ideas. They imported them. 
For the last 40/50 years, there has been a steady stream of funding, 
proselytising, organising and promulgating coming out of the Middle East, 
pushing views of religion that are narrow minded and dangerous. 
Unfortunately we seem blind to the enormous global impact such teaching 
has had and is having. 
Within the Middle East itself, the result has been horrible, with people 
often facing a choice between authoritarian Government that is at least 
religiously tolerant; and the risk that in throwing off the Government they 
don't like, they end up with a religiously intolerant quasi-theocracy. 
Take a step back and analyse the world today: with the possible exception 
of Latin America (leaving aside Hezbollah in the tri-border area in South 
America), there is not a region of the world not adversely affected by 
Islamism and the ideology is growing. The problems of the Mid East and 
North Africa are obvious. But look at the terror being inflicted in countries 
— Nigeria, Mali, Central African Republic, Chad and many others — across 
Sub Saharan Africa. Indeed I would argue that that religious extremism is 
possibly the single biggest threat to their ability to overcome the massive 
challenges of development today. 
In Central Asia, terrorist attacks are regular occurrences in Russia, whose 
Muslim population is now over 15%, and radical influences are stretching 
across the whole of the central part of Northern Asia, reaching even the 
Western province of Xinjiang in China. 
In the Far East, there has been the important breakthrough in resolving the 
Mindanao dispute in the Philippines, where well over 100,000 people lost 
their lives in the last decade or so. But elsewhere, in Thailand, Myanmar, 
Bangladesh and Indonesia, there remain real inter-religious challenges and 
tensions. In the recent Indonesian elections, the Islamic parties received a 
third of the vote. 
The Muslim population in Europe is now over 40m and growing. The 
Muslim Brotherhood and other organisations are increasingly active and 
they operate without much investigation or constraint. Recent controversy 
over schools in Birmingham (and similar allegations in France) show 
EFTA00988117
--- PAGE 15 ---
heightened levels of concern about Islamist penetration of our own 
societies. 
All of this you can read about. 
However for the purposes of this speech, two fascinating things stand out 
for me. The first is the absolutely rooted desire on the part of Western 
commentators to analyse these issues as disparate rather than united by 
common elements. They go to extraordinary lengths to say why, in every 
individual case, there are multiple reasons for understanding that this is not 
really about Islam, it is not really about religion; there are local or historic 
reasons which explain what is happening. There is a wish to eliminate the 
obvious common factor in a way that is almost wilful. Now of course as I 
have said, there is always a context that is unique to each situation. There 
will naturally be a host of local factors that play a part in creating the issue. 
But it is bizarre to ignore the fact the principal actors in all situations, 
express themselves through the medium of religious identity or that in 
ideological terms, there is a powerful unifying factor based on a particular 
world view of religion and its place in politics and society. 
The second thing is that there is a deep desire to separate the political 
ideology represented by groups such as the Muslim Brotherhood from the 
actions of extremists including acts of terrorism. This stems from a 
completely laudable sense that we must always distinguish between those 
who violate the law and those we simply disagree with. 
But laudable though the motives are, which lead us to this distinction, if 
we're not careful, they also blind us to the fact that the ideology itself is 
nonetheless dangerous and corrosive; and cannot and should not be treated 
as a conventional political debate between two opposing views of how 
society should be governed. 
It may well be the case that in particular situations, those who follow a 
strictly Islamist political agenda neither advocate nor approve of political 
violence. There are of course a variety of different views within such a 
broadly described position. But their overall ideology is one which 
inevitably creates the soil in which such extremism can take root. In many 
cases, it is clear that they regard themselves as part of a spectrum, with a 
difference of view as to how to achieve the goals of Islamism, not a 
difference as to what those goals are; and in certain cases, they will support 
the use of violence. 
EFTA00988118
--- PAGE 16 ---
At this point it must again be emphasised: it is not Islam itself that gives 
rise to this ideology. It is an interpretation of Islam, actually a perversion of 
it which many Muslims abhor. There used to be such interpretations of 
Christianity which took us years to eradicate from our mainstream politics. 
The reason that this ideology is dangerous is that its implementation is 
incompatible with the modern world — politically, socially, and 
economically. Why? Because the way the modern world works is through 
connectivity. Its essential nature is pluralist. It favours the open-minded. 
Modern economies work through creativity and connections. Democracy 
cannot function except as a way of thinking as well as voting. You put your 
view; you may lose; you try to win next time; or you win but you accept 
that you may lose next time. 
That is not the way that the Islamist ideology works. It is not about a 
competing view of how society or politics should be governed within a 
common space where you accept other views are equally valid. It is 
exclusivist in nature. The ultimate goal is not a society which someone else 
can change after winning an election. It is a society of a fixed polity, 
governed by religious doctrines that are not changeable but which are, of 
their essence, unchangeable. 
Because the West is so completely unfamiliar with such an ideology —
though actually the experience of revolutionary communism or fascism 
should resonate with older generations — we can't really see the danger 
properly. We feel almost that if we identify it in these terms, we're being 
anti-Muslim, a sentiment on which the Islamists cleverly play. 
Right now in the Middle East, this is the battle being waged. Of course in 
each country, it arises in a different form. But in each case, take out the 
extremist views around religion, and each conflict or challenge becomes 
infinitely more manageable. This is where, even though at one level the 
ideology coming out of Shia Iran and that of the Sunni Muslim 
Brotherhood may seem to be different, in reality they amount to the same 
thing with the same effect — the holding back of the proper political, social 
and economic advance of the country. 
It is this factor that then can explain many of the things that presently we 
seem to find inexplicable in a way that fuels our desire to dis-engage from 
the region and beyond it. 
EFTA00988119
--- PAGE 17 ---
So we look at the issue of intervention or not and seem baffled. We change 
the regimes in Afghanistan and in Iraq, put soldiers on the ground in order 
to help build the country, a process which a majority of people in both 
countries immediately participated in, through the elections. But that 
proved immensely difficult and bloody. 
We change the regime in Libya through air power, we don't commit forces 
on the ground, again the people initially respond well, but now Libya is a 
mess and a mess that is de-stabilising everywhere around it, (apart from 
Algeria partly because Algeria already went through a conflict precisely 
around the issue of Islamism in which thousands lost their lives.) 
In Syria, we call for the regime to change, we encourage the Opposition to 
rise up, but then when Iran activates Hezbollah on the side of Assad, we 
refrain even from air intervention to give the Opposition a chance. The 
result is a country in disintegration, millions displaced, a death toll 
approximating that of Iraq, with no end in sight and huge risks to regional 
stability. 
The impact of this recent history, on Western opinion is a wish at all costs 
to stay clear of it all. 
Then there has been the so-called Arab Spring. At first we jumped in to 
offer our support to those on the street. We are now bemused and 
bewildered that it hasn't turned out quite how we expected. 
Even in respect of the MEPP there is an audible feeling of dismay, - that as 
the world around Israel and Palestine went into revolutionary spasm, and 
the need for progress seemed so plain, the issue in which we have 
expended extraordinary energy and determination through US Secretary 
Kerry, still seems as intractable as ever. 
Yet the explanation for all of these apparently unresolvable contradictions 
is staring us in the face. 
It is that there is a Titanic struggle going on within the region between 
those who want the region to embrace the modern world — politically, 
socially and economically — and those who instead want to create a politics 
of religious difference and exclusivity. This is the battle. This is the 
distorting feature. This is what makes intervention so fraught but non-
intervention equally so. This is what complicates the process of political 
evolution. This is what makes it so hard for democracy to take root. This is 
EFTA00988120
--- PAGE 18 ---
what, irrespective of the problems on the Israeli side, divides Palestinian 
politics and constrains their leadership. 
The important point for Western opinion is that this is a struggle with two 
sides. So when we look at the Middle East and beyond it to Pakistan or 
Iran and elsewhere, it isn't just a vast unfathomable mess with no end in 
sight and no one worthy of our support. It is in fact a struggle in which our 
own strategic interests are intimately involved; where there are indeed 
people we should support and who, ironically, are probably in the majority 
if only that majority were mobilised, organised and helped. 
But what is absolutely necessary is that we first liberate ourselves from our 
own attitude. We have to take sides. We have to stop treating each country 
on the basis of whatever seems to make for the easiest life for us at any one 
time. We have to have an approach to the region that is coherent and sees it 
as a whole. And above all, we have to commit. We have to engage. 
Engagement and commitment are words easy to use. But they only count 
when they come at a cost. Alliances are forged at moments of common 
challenge. Partnerships are built through trials shared. There is no 
engagement that doesn't involve a price. There is no commitment that 
doesn't mean taking a risk. 
In saying this, it does not mean that we have to repeat the enormous 
commitment of Iraq and Afghanistan. It may well be that in time people 
come to view the impact of those engagements differently. But there is no 
need, let alone appetite, to do that. 
I completely understand why our people feel they have done enough, more 
than enough. And when they read of those we have tried to help spurning 
our help, criticising us, even trying to kill us, they're entitled to feel 
aggrieved and to say: we're out. 
However, as the Afghans who braved everything to vote show us and the 
Iraqis who will also come out and vote despite all the threats and the 
inadequacy of the system they now live in, demonstrate, those who spurn 
our help are only part of the story. There are others whose spirit and 
determination stay undaunted. And I think of the Egyptians who have been 
through so much and yet remain with optimism; and the Palestinians who 
work with me and who, whatever the frustrations, still want and believe in 
a peaceful solution; and I look at Tunisians and Libyans and Yemenis who 
are trying to make it all work properly; and I realise this is not a struggle 
EFTA00988121
--- PAGE 19 ---
without hope. This is not a mess where everyone is as bad as each other. In 
other words it matters and there is a side we should be proud to take. There 
are people to stand beside and who will stand beside us. 
But we have to be clear what that side is and why we're taking it. So what 
does that mean? 
It means supporting the principles of religious freedom and open, rule 
based economies. It means helping those countries whose people wish to 
embrace those principles to achieve them. Where there has been revolution, 
we should be on the side of those who support those principles and 
opposed to those who would thwart them. Where there has not been 
revolution, we should support the steady evolution towards them. 
If we apply those principles to the Middle East, it would mean the 
following. 
Egypt. I start with Egypt not because what is happening in Syria is not 
more horrifying; but because on the fate of Egypt hangs the future of the 
region. Here we have to understand plainly what happened. The Muslim 
Brotherhood Government was not simply a bad Government. It was 
systematically taking over the traditions and institutions of the country. The 
revolt of 30 June 2013 was not an ordinary protest. It was the absolutely 
necessary rescue of a nation. We should support the new Government and 
help. None of this means that where there are things we disagree strongly 
with — such as the death sentence on the 500 — that we do not speak out. 
Plenty of Egyptians have. But it does mean that we show some sensitivity 
to the fact that over 400 police officers have suffered violent deaths and 
several hundred soldiers been killed. The next President will face 
extraordinary challenges. It is massively in our interests that he succeeds. 
We should mobilise the international community in giving Egypt and its 
new President as much assistance as we can so that the country gets a 
chance not to return to the past but to cross over to a better future. 
Syria. This is an unmitigated disaster. We are now in a position where both 
Assad staying and the Opposition taking over seem bad options. The 
former is responsible for creating this situation. But the truth is that there 
are so many fissures and problems around elements within the Opposition 
that people are rightly wary now of any solution that is an outright victory 
for either side. Repugnant though it may seem, the only way forward is to 
conclude the best agreement possible even if it means in the interim 
EFTA00988122
--- PAGE 20 ---
President Assad stays for a period. Should even this not be acceptable to 
him, we should consider active measures to help the Opposition and force 
him to the negotiating table, including no fly zones whilst making it clear 
that the extremist groups should receive no support from any of the 
surrounding nations. 
Tunisia. Here there have been genuine and positive attempts by the new 
Government to escape from the dilemmas of the region and to shape a new 
Constitution. Supporting the new Government should be an absolute 
priority. As the new President has rightly said for a fraction of what we're 
offering Ukraine — which of course is the correct thing to do - we could put 
Tunisia on its feet. We should do so. This would be a very sensible 
investment. 
Libya. We bear a responsibility for what has happened. Their urgent need is 
for security sector reform. We have made some attempts to do so. But 
obviously the scale of the task and the complications of the militia make it 
very hard. But Libya is not Iraq or Afghanistan. It is not impossible to help 
and NATO has the capability to do so. However reluctant we are to make 
this commitment, we have to recognise the de-stabilising impact Libya is 
having at present. If it disintegrates completely, it will affect the whole of 
the region around it and feed the instability in Sub- Saharan Africa. 
Yemen. Again the country is trying to make progress in circumstances that 
are unimaginably difficult. We are giving support to the new Government. 
There is a new Constitution. But again they urgently need help with 
security sector reform and with development. 
Iran. We should continue to make it clear, as the Obama administration is 
rightly doing, that they have to step back from being a nuclear threshold 
state. The next weeks will be a crucial phase in the negotiation. But I do 
not favour yielding to their demands for regional influence in return for 
concessions on their nuclear ambitions. The Iranian Government play a 
deliberately de-stabilising role across the region. Our goals should not 
include regime change. Their people will, in the end, have to find their own 
way to do that. However we should at every opportunity, push back against 
the use of their power to support extremism. 
Middle East Peace Process. Since becoming Secretary of State, John Kerry 
has put immense effort into making the peace process work. As we speak, 
his efforts hang in the balance. Many people said he should not have given 
EFTA00988123
--- PAGE 21 ---
such priority to this issue. They are wrong. It remains absolutely core to the 
region and the world. Not because the Israeli / Palestinian conflict is the 
cause of our problems. But because solving it would be such a victory for 
the very forces we should support. Now it may be that after years of it 
being said that solving this question is the route to solving the regions' 
problems, we're about to enter a new phase where solving the region's 
problems a critical part of solving the Israeli / Palestinian issue. But the 
point is that John Kerry's commitment has not been in vain. He has put 
himself in an immensely powerful position to drive this forward by virtue 
of that commitment. He needs our support in doing so. 
Elsewhere across the region we should be standing steadfast by our friends 
and allies as they try to change their own countries in the direction of 
reform. Whether in Jordan or the Gulf where they're promoting the values 
of religious tolerance and open, rule based economies, or taking on the 
forces of reaction in the shape of Iran and the Muslim Brotherhood, we 
should be supporting and assisting them. 
Finally, we have to elevate the issue of religious extremism to the top of 
the agenda. All over the world the challenge of defeating this ideology 
requires active and sustained engagement. Consider this absurdity: that we 
spend billions of $ on security arrangements and on defence to protect 
ourselves against the consequences of an ideology that is being advocated 
in the formal and informal school systems and in civic institutions of the 
very countries with whom we have intimate security and defence 
relationships. Some of those countries of course wish to escape from the 
grip of this ideology. But often it is hard for them to do so within their own 
political constraints. They need to have this issue out in the open where it 
then becomes harder for the promotion of this ideology to happen 
underneath the radar. In other words they need us to make this a core part 
of the international dialogue in order to force the necessary change within 
their own societies. This struggle between what we may call the open-
minded and the closed-minded is at the heart of whether the 21st C turns in 
the direction of peaceful co-existence or conflict between people of 
different cultures. 
If we do not act, then we will start to see reactions against radical Islam 
which will then foster extremism within other faiths. Indeed we see some 
evidence of this already directed against Muslims in Asia particularly. 
EFTA00988124
--- PAGE 22 ---
When we consider the defining challenges of our time, surely this one 
should be up there along with the challenge of the environment or 
economic instability. Add up the deaths around the world now — and even 
leave out the theatre of the Middle East — and the toll on human life is 
deplorable. In Nigeria recently and Pakistan alone thousands are now dying 
in religiously inspired conflict. And quite apart from the actual loss of life, 
there is the loss of life opportunities for parts of the population mired in 
backward thinking and reactionary attitudes especially towards girls. 
On this issue also, there is a complete identity of interest between East and 
West. China and Russia have exactly the same desire to defeat this 
ideology as do the USA and Europe. Here is a subject upon which all the 
principal nations of the G20 could come together, could agree to act, and 
could find common ground to common benefit. An international 
programme to eradicate religious intolerance and prejudice from school 
systems and informal education systems and from organisations in civic 
society would have a huge galvanising effect in making unacceptable what 
is currently ignored or tolerated. 
So there is an agenda here in part about the Middle East and its 
importance; and in part about seeing what is happening there in the context 
of its impact on the wider world. 
This is why I work on the Middle East Peace Process; why I began my 
Foundation to promote inter-faith dialogue. Why I will do all I can to help 
governments confronting these issues. 
Consider for a moment since 9/11 how our world has changed, how in a 
myriad of different ways from the security measures we now take for 
granted to the arenas of conflict that have now continued over a span of 
years, there is a price being paid in money, life and opportunity for 
millions. This is not a conventional war. It isn't a struggle between super 
powers or over territory. But it is real. It is fearsome in its impact. It is 
growing in its reach. It is a battle about belief and about modernity. It is 
important because the world through technology and globalisation is 
pushing us together across boundaries of faith and culture. Unaddressed, 
the likelihood of conflict increases. Engagement does not always mean 
military involvement. Commitment does not mean going it alone. But it 
does mean stirring ourselves. It does mean seeing the struggle for what it 
is. It does mean taking a side and sticking with it. 
EFTA00988125
--- PAGE 23 ---
Article 5. 
Al Monitor 
Get ready for the next Erdogan decade 
Mustafa Akyol 
April 23, 2014 -- Last week, Turkish President Abdullah Gul declared to 
the press, "Under these conditions, I don't have plans for politics." This 
was widely interpreted as an end to expectations that Gul, somehow, would 
keep sharing power with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan after the 
presidential elections in August. Now many believe that Erdogan will win 
the elections to become the first popularly elected president of Turkey, and 
there will be no Gul to balance him. 
One may wonder why Gul is so important. As one of the two founders of 
the Justice and Development Party (AKP), Gul has not simply been an ally 
and "brother" of Erdogan, but also the only name in the AKP universe that 
could afford to openly disagree with him. It is no wonder a number of 
differences have emerged between them in the past few years. In the face 
of the Gezi Park protests, for example, Gul advocated for moderation and 
dialogue, whereas Erdogan opted for defiance. Gul opposed the recent bans 
on Twitter and YouTube that Erdogan ordered and defended. In 
addition, Gul dismissed the conspiracy theories about foreign plots against 
Turkey, one of the main themes in Erdogan's new political rhetoric. 
That is why most of Turkey's liberals had hoped that Gul, a religious 
conservative with liberal views, would continue either as president, or 
more likely, as prime minister under Erdogan. The "Putin-Medvedev 
model," as some have called it, has now, however, been declared dead upon 
Gul's remarks. 
People wonder why Gul backed off. My understanding is that he realized 
two bitter facts. First, accepting the prime ministry under Erdogan would 
imply accepting his unquestionable authority, which Gul is loath to do. 
Second, challenging Erdogan would be political suicide, because of 
Erdogan's unshakable popularity among the religious conservatives that 
also form Gul's base. Thus, it seems, Gul made both an honorable and a 
rational decision by stepping aside. 
EFTA00988126
--- PAGE 24 ---
With Gul gone, what will Erdogan do? The prevalent expectation is that he 
will run in this August's presidential elections to become Turkey's first 
directly elected president. (Previous presidents were elected by the 
parliament.) Erdogan needs a simple majority either in the first round, in 
which all the candidates participate, or the second round, in which the two 
top vote-getters compete. It is not yet known who the other candidates will 
be — the opposition parties must be working hard on that these days — but 
it seems likely that Erdogan can win the elections, at least in the second 
round, given the 45% his party secured in the recent local elections and the 
possible add-ons: the votes of the Islamist Felicity Party (around 2%) and 
those of the Kurdish nationalists (around 6%), with whom Erdogan has 
built an alliance thanks to the "peace process" with Kurdish separatists. 
If Erdogan is elected president, what will he do? Well, first of all, this will 
give him a solid five years in power. Then he could win a second term, in 
2019, extending his presidency to a decade. He plans to rule, in other 
words, until 2024, if not beyond. That is why he often speaks of his "goals 
for 2023," the centennial of the Turkish Republic and, in this context, the 
ninth year of his upcoming decade. 
What about the prime ministry, the post which, according to the current 
constitution, holds the real executive power? The common expectation is 
that if Erdogan becomes president, he will appoint a loyalist to this job, 
someone who would accept his ultimate authority. (Current speculation in 
Ankara centers on Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu and Numan 
Kurtulmus, a relatively recent import to the AKP.) In this case, Turkey will 
be heading toward a de facto presidential system in which Erdogan will 
hold the real power. 
Erdogan could, however, move on to a de jure presidential system if he can 
find a way to change the constitution. For that, he needs at least 330 seats 
in the parliament. The AKP now has 313, but a new AKP-
proposed electoral law would provide further advantage to the most 
powerful party and thus hand the AKP even more seats given its current 
popularity. If the next general elections, which are scheduled for summer 
2015 but could always be rescheduled, are held under the new system, the 
AKP could easily gain enough seats to change the constitution. Needless to 
say, the pivotal aim in any such AKP-induced constitution will be to further 
empower the presidency, i.e., Erdogan. 
EFTA00988127
--- PAGE 25 ---
If Erdogan can realize the transformation to the presidential system that his 
advisers have been advocating, it would amount to the most significant 
Turkish revolution since Kemal Ataturk's. Erdogan, in fact, would be as 
powerful as Ataturk, controlling the executive and legislative branches. He 
would gradually prevail upon the judiciary as well, because the president 
has the power to appoint members to the Constitutional Court and other 
key institutions. He would even be able to appoint all the presidents of 
Turkey's universities, because the universities are controlled by the 
Supreme Education Board, an institution that a military junta created in the 
1980s. (Turkey's generals, who devised a centralized and overarching state, 
naively believed this huge body would always remain in their hands.) 
Meanwhile, the media will probably feel the need to become more 
supportive of, or at least amenable to, the all-powerful president. 
In short, it seems to be Erdogan's game plan to rule Turkey for at least ten 
more years under a very centralized, if not personalized, presidential 
system. Of course, whether he will be able to do that is another question. 
He is not a dictator, so he needs to win votes. First, he needs to win the 
presidential elections in August and then consolidate power as 
president and win again five years later. 
Can he do all this? He probably can, especially if the economy 
flourishes and if the opposition continues to be incompetent. We will, of 
course, see. What is certain is that this will be one of the most impressive 
— and for some, worrying — experiments in political history. 
Mustafa Akyol is a columnist for Al-Monitor's Turkey Pulse and a 
columnist for Turkish Hurriyet Daily News and Star. His articles have also 
appeared in Foreign Affairs, Newsweek, The New York Times, The 
Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal and The Guardian. He is the 
author of  Islam Without Extremes: A Muslim Case for Liber02. 
Article 6 
The Diplomat 
US-Japan Relations and Obama's Visit to Japan 
Yo-Jung Chen 
EFTA00988128
--- PAGE 26 ---
April 23, 2014 -- U.S. President Barack Obama's visit to Japan, which 
begins today, has been the subject of both excitement and anxiety. For the 
optimists, the first state visit to Japan by a U.S. president since Bill Clinton 
in 1996, will serve to reaffirm the strength of the U.S.-Japan alliance as 
well as of Japan's cherished privilege of being America's best friend in 
Asia, especially in the context of an increasingly volatile  geopolitical 
situation in this region. For the less optimistic observers, the mere fact that 
the strength of the alliance needs to be reaffirmed is in itself a worrying 
indication, given the unmistakable signs of glitches and cracks that have 
begun to appear. The unprecedented difficulty Japan had getting Obama to 
agree to a stopover in Tokyo during this tour of Asia is cited as a telltale 
sign of the unease that is beginning to permeate bilateral ties. 
Shifting Alliances in Asia 
Obama comes to Asia with a vital mission of reassuring both allies and 
adversaries of Uncle Sam's commitment to maintaining order in this part of 
the world. That will not be easy, since recent crises in Libya, Syria and 
Ukraine have only demonstrated how weary America has become of 
flexing its muscles — even when challenged. And in Asia especially, U.S. 
resolve is constantly being tested and challenged by China and North 
Korea. Be it in Northeast or Southeast Asia, Obama will be met with 
growing  doubt over America's commitment. This has led several countries 
to start reshuffling the cards of existing alliances. America itself, while 
asking its allies to beef up their defense against China, is at the same time 
seeking Beijing's cooperation in managing major international issues. 
South Korea, a traditional U.S. ally, is drawing closer to China in a move 
that, viewed from Washington, could threaten the solidarity of the U.S.-
Korea-Japan alliance, especially when this Sino-South Korean 
rapprochement is being partly fuelled by their shared anger at revisionist 
Japan. North Korea, too, has thrown out its traditional alliance with China 
and has shown signs of warming to Japan in what may jeopardize the 
outcome of the Chinese-led Six Party Talks over the North Korean nuclear 
issue. Meanwhile, the Ukraine crisis has raised the possibility of a strategic 
rapprochement between Russia and China in the developing context of a 
new Cold War. Taking an ambiguous stand on the Ukraine crisis, China 
will thus be able to play the "Russian card" to bargain for more U.S. 
concessions in the management of Asian affairs, for example in its 
EFTA00988129
--- PAGE 27 ---
simmering territorial feud with Japan. In the case of Japan, the uncertainty 
of U.S. resolve to defend the disputed Senkaku/Diaoy
ds
against an 
eventual Chinese assault has been amplified in the past year by the 
uncomfortable feeling of growing U.S. coldness towards the rightwing 
nationalism of Shinzo Abe's leadership. This feeling of insecurity has 
motivated Abe's worldwide diplomatic drive in search of additional allies. 
Among others, this drive has led the Japanese leader to develop a 
particularly warm relationship with Russia's Vladimir Putin in the thinly 
veiled hope of securing Russian support in Japan's feud with China. In this 
changing geopolitical landscape in Asia, what can Obama and Abe expect 
from their talks in Tokyo? 
Patching up the Alliance 
Abe's most pressing concern is a reconfirmation of the solidity of the U.S.-
Japan alliance. This is all the more important because this solidity has 
faced some serious tests following growing U.S. nervousness with the 
regional tensions enflamed by Abe's display of overly nationalistic 
ideology. Irritation within the liberal Obama administration against the 
rightwing Japanese leader has been building ever since Abe returned to 
power in December 2012. The Japanese leader's visit to the controversial 
Yasukuni Shrine in December 2013 was yet another test of U.S. patience. 
With the developing cracks in the bilateral relationship, Abe actually risks 
going down in history as the postwar Japanese leader with the worst ties 
with America. This can be politically fatal in a country where personal ties 
with the U.S. president are seen as a critical asset for any leader. Besides 
the question of personal chemistry between Obama and Abe, the 
"discordance" surfacing within the alliance risks sending the wrong 
message to the Chinese, who are watching for any sign of weakness in 
U.S.-Japan relations which might help them contest Japan's sovereignty 
over the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands. Tokyo's priority will therefore be a joint 
declaration by the two leaders in reaffirming the healthy state of the 
alliance. Obama will no doubt grant this assurance, although it will be 
carefully worded to avoid the U.S. being automatically dragged into an 
open conflict between Japan and China over the disputed territory. In 
exchange, the Japanese leadership will be invited to keep quiet on sensitive 
matters (such as comfort women, the Tokyo Tribunal, and the Rape of 
Nanjing) that unnecessarily flame emotions in this volatile part of the 
EFTA00988130
--- PAGE 28 ---
world. Besides the U.S.-Japan relationship, the U.S. president will also be 
keen to patch up the U.S.-Japan-South Korea alliance, which has been 
badly damaged by the emotional feud between Seoul and Tokyo over 
Japan's attitude towards its wartime past. Obama has already used the 
"bait" of his stopover in Tokyo to force a reluctant Abe to swallow his 
hawkish nationalism in order to achieve a superficial show of Japan-South 
Korea reconciliation prior to his visit to the two squabbling allies. One of 
his priorities now in Northeastern Asia is to maintain a strong U.S.-Japan-
South Korea alliance in the face of both China and North Korea. The last 
thing he needs is to see is this alliance further damaged by anachronistic 
obsessions that are untranslatable outside of Japan. 
Defense and Security 
No U.S.-Japan summit can pass without addressing Japan's role on security 
matters and its share of defense efforts in its alliance with America. The 
U.S. president will certainly appreciate the efforts deployed by Abe to shed 
Japan's Constitutional restraints on taking up a larger role in international 
security, thus relieving America of some of its burden. But with this 
appreciation, the U.S. president will also have to temper his Japanese ally's 
headlong rush to beef up its military capability, so as not to arouse 
unnecessary alarm in the region. The way Abe has strung the defense effort 
to an overdose of nationalism that has already caused alarm will make 
Obama's task all the more delicate. In welcoming Abe's Japan's more 
active role in international security, the U.S. president also needs to weigh 
the likelihood of the junior partner in the alliance trying to use this new 
leverage to emerge as an equal — and therefore more assertive — partner. 
Departing from the Postwar Regime? 
It is not certain that this topic will be taken up at the April 24 summit, but 
when meeting Abe, Obama will certainly bear in mind the latter's 
professed agenda of a "&parture from the  postwar regin ." Judging from 
the declarations of many in Abe's inner circle, this could mean a clear 
denial of the postwar order that America painstakingly built after the last 
world war, including the indictment of Japan's wartime deeds. The most 
visible element of this agenda is Japanese conservative politicians' 
insistence on honoring war criminals indicted by the American occupiers. 
In this sense, the notorious U.S. "disappointment" voiced following Abe's 
EFTA00988131
--- PAGE 29 ---
December visit to the Yasukuni Shrine can be seen as a first step taken by 
the U.S. to counter the revisionist trends in Japan. 
A Difficult Deal on TPP 
Japan's eagerness to patch up cracks in the sacrosanct U.S.-Japan alliance 
will be exploited by Obama to force Japanese concessions in the difficult 
en gotiations on the Trans-Pacific Economic Partnership. The economically 
embattled Obama, facing mid-term elections this year, needs to force Japan 
to open its protected market for farm products, while Abe had promised 
Japan's strong farming constituency that he would defend these 
"sanctuaries." Both leaders having staked their political survival on this 
issue, the prospect of a breakthrough now seems hopelessly remote. Here 
again, Japanese bargaining power has been weakened by Abe's 
controversial visit to the Yasukuni Shrine and the shadow it has cast over 
U.S.-Japan relations. Abe finds himself in a position of having to give more 
on TPP to court U.S. favor and repair the damage done to bilateral ties. 
Ukraine Crisis 
The two leaders will inevitably discuss the Ukraine crisis and its fallout. 
Understandably, Obama will press Abe for his unwavering loyalty to the 
G7 in condemning and sanctioning Russia, and Abe will attempt to save 
what he can of his newfound friendship with Vladimir Putin, who is 
scheduled to visit Japan this fall. Abe will be torn between his new 
Russian friendship (on which he counts to negotiate the return of the 
Northern islands occupied by the former Soviet Union as well the supply 
of badly needed Siberian natural gas) and the imperative of joining the 
U.S. in condemning the Russian land grab. There is good reason for Japan 
to fear the way the Russians got away with the annexation of Crimea: The 
impunity enjoyed by the Russians risks encouraging the Chinese to do the 
same with the Japanese-administered SenkakulDiaoyu islands. 
On this issue, Obama will also have to move with care. Abe is currently the 
only G7 member to remain on relatively good terms with Putin. If Abe is to 
be forced to abandon this friendship, an isolated Russia would move 
towards China, taking the world one step closer to Cold War II. 
Reassuring Declarations 
The Obama-Abe summit in Tokyo will no doubt produce the anticipated 
reassuring declarations of undying friendship and rock-solid alliance 
between the two countries. Besides agreements in areas such as the TPP, 
EFTA00988132
--- PAGE 30 ---
regional security, Ukraine, and scientific cooperation, one of the most 
important aspects of this summit may be how the two leaders address the 
evident mutual mistrust that has emerged between them in the past year. 
On the one hand, Obama will need to understand the Japanese concern of 
being gradually supplanted by China on America's A-list. On the other, 
Abe should try to understand that the Japanese "proactive pacifism" he 
wants to sell to the world would be appreciated and welcomed only if 
denuded of the hawkish nationalism that has become his trademark and 
which, in America's view, is nothing more than troublemaking in the 
delicate politics of Asia. 
In this respect, it is worth noting that, during his very short stay, Obama 
will find time to visit the sprawling Meiji Shrine in Tokyo. Coming after 
the conspicuous October visit by his State secretary and Defense secretary 
to the secular Chidorigafuchi War Memorial, the U.S. president may want 
to subtly remind his Japanese hosts again what America, at the highest 
level, thinks of the controversial Yasukuni Shrine. 
The writer is a retired French diplomat. Born in Taiwan and educated in 
Vietnam and Japan, he has served in the French Foreign Ministry and in 
French diplomatic missions in Japan, the U.S.A, Singapore and China. 
EFTA00988133

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988134.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988134.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 12:55:42 +0000 
who is in university full time spent the last four weeks four hours a night studing massage. she 
worked hard to try to develop a skill that she thought would be appreciated. 
I didn't even know. I want you to 
be serious abvout making your life secure and better. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988134

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988135.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988135.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: April 24 update 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 13:01:53 +0000 
> 
you mifhg find helpful 
Forwarded message 
From: Office of Terje Rod-Larsen < 
Date: Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 8:54 AM 
Subject: April 24 update 
To: 
April, 2014 
Article I. 
NYT 
Palestinian Rivals Announce Unity Pact, Drawing U.S. and 
Israeli Rebuke 
Jodi Rudoren and Michael R. Gordon 
Article 2. 
The Council on Foreign Relations 
The Fatah-Hamas Gaza Palestinian Unity Agreement 
Robert M. Danin 
Article 3. 
Al Monitor 
Hamas reconciliation last straw for Palestine critics in Congress 
Julian Pecquet 
Article 4. 
New Statesman 
Tony Blair's speech on the Middle East 
Tony Blair 
Articles. 
Al Monitor 
Get ready for the next Erdogan decade 
Mustafa Akyol 
Article 6. 
The Diplomat 
US-Japan Relations and Obama's Visit to Japan 
EFTA00988135
--- PAGE 2 ---
Yo-Jung Chen 
Anicic I. 
NYT 
Palestinian Rivals Announce Unity Pact, 
Drawing  U.S. and Israeli Rebuke 
Jodi Rudoren and Michael R. Gordon 
April 23, 2014 -- The faltering  Middle East peace process was thrown into 
further jeopardy on Wednesday, with Israel and the United States harshly 
condemning a new deal announced by feuding Palestinian factions, 
including the militant group Hamas, to repair their seven-year rift. 
Israel canceled a negotiating session scheduled for Wednesday night 
shortly after leaders of the Palestine Liberation Organization joined hands 
with their rivals from Hamas at a celebratory ceremony in the Gaza Strip. 
"Whoever chooses Hamas does not want peace," the Israeli prime minister, 
Benjamin Netanyahu, said in a statement, describing the group as "a 
murderous terrorist organization that calls for the destruction of Israel." 
The unity pact, coming days before the April 29 expiration date for the 
American-brokered peace talks that have been the mainstay of Secretary of 
State John Kerry's tenure, surprised officials in Washington, which, like 
Israel, deems Hamas a terrorist group and forbids direct dealings with it. 
After months of intensive shuttle diplomacy in which Mr. Kerry 
relentlessly pursued the peace process and even dangled the possibility a 
releasing  an American convicted of spying for Israel to salvage the lifeless 
talks, his spokeswoman, Jen Psaki, called the Palestinian move 
"disappointing" and the timing "troubling." 
EFTA00988136
--- PAGE 3 ---
The Hamas prime minister, Ismail Haniya, center, and Azzam al-Ahmad, 
left, a senior Fatah official who headed the P.L.O. delegation to Gaza, at a 
news conference on Wednesday in Gaza City. Credit Wissam Nassar for 
The New York Times 
"Any Palestinian government must unambiguously and explicitly commit 
to nonviolence, recognition of the state of Israel, and acceptance of 
previous agreements and obligations between the parties," Ms. Psaki said, 
citing conditions Hamas has repeatedly rejected. "It's hard to see how 
Israel can be expected to negotiate with a government that does not believe 
in its right to exist." 
Hamas and Fatah, the faction that dominates the P.L.O., have signed 
several similar accords before that were not carried out, so it remained 
unclear whether Wednesday's deal promised a real resolution or a replay of 
an old movie. 
Some analysts saw the step primarily as a tactic by President Mahmoud 
Abbas of the Palestinian Authority to pressure Israel to make concessions 
as the clock winds down on extending the fraught negotiations. He said in 
statement that "there is no contradiction at all" between reconciliation and 
negotiation, adding, "We are totally committed to establishing a just and 
comprehensive peace based on the two-state principle." 
Other experts noted that Palestinian political conditions have drastically 
changed since the signing of previous agreements, which could lead both 
parties to make the compromises necessary to put this one into action. 
Hamas has been in a deep political and economic crisis since the military-
backed government took over Egypt last summer and largely cut ties with 
Gaza. Mr. Abbas, at 79, is looking for a legacy and an exit strategy. 
Reconciliation is deeply resonant among Palestinians and could revive the 
president's sagging popularity. 
"It's not bad for both sides — it is bad for the peace process," said Shimrit 
Meir, an Israeli analyst of Palestinian politics and editor of The Source, an 
Arabic news website. "It is simply rude, in diplomatic language, when 
Kerry is doing his last heroic effort to save the peace process, to reward it 
EFTA00988137
--- PAGE 4 ---
with reconciliation with a terrorist group. I think this is a message, and it's 
very blunt." 
Something like this is a prerequisite to peace, as a practical matter. Or do 
negotiations with an entity that effectively represents only a fraction of the 
people and territories involved make any sense? 
Beyond the damage to the peace talks, joining forces with Hamas could 
cost the Palestinians millions of dollars in financial aid from the United 
States and Europe, and prompt a host of retaliatory actions by Israel. 
Even as the deal was being announced, there were other signs of tension. 
An Israeli airstrike hit northern Gaza, apparently missing the militant on a 
motorcycle it was aiming for and wounding 12 Palestinians, including two 
children, according to Gaza health officials. Later Wednesday evening, two 
rockets fired from Gaza landed in open areas of southern Israel. 
The schism between Hamas and Fatah began in 2007, with a brief but 
bloody civil war that followed a failed unity government after Hamas's 
victory in 2006 Palestinian elections. It left Palestinian territory divided, 
with Hamas ruling Gaza, the impoverished and isolated coastal expanse, 
and the Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority governing the larger and 
more populous West Bank. 
Dreams of reconciliation have been repeatedly dashed, after much-
trumpeted agreements signed in Cairo in 2011 and Doha in 2012 were 
never carried out. 
"Sorry to say that we are familiar with such celebrations," said Talal Okal, 
a Gaza political analyst. "I hope that this time will be more serious, but to 
be more serious is to go directly and quickly to the first step, to let the 
people touch and see, not to hear only." 
On Wednesday afternoon, after two days of meetings at the home of the 
Hamas prime minister, Ismail Haniya, in Gaza City's Beach refugee camp, 
the Palestinian leaders vowed to form a government of technocrats within 
five weeks that would prepare for long-overdue elections six months later. 
EFTA00988138
--- PAGE 5 ---
"I announce to our people the news that the years of split are over," Mr. 
Haniya said triumphantly. 
Azzam al-Ahmad, a senior Fatah official who headed the P.L.O. delegation 
to Gaza, said he hoped the deal would be "a true beginning and a true 
partnership." 
Ziad Abu Amr, deputy prime minister of the Palestinian Authority and a 
close aide to Mr. Abbas, said the new deal came about because "the 
situation has become more demanding and the pressures are rising." He 
cited Egypt's frequent closing of the Rafah border crossing, Gaza's 
gateway to the world, which he said a technocratic government could 
reverse, as well as domestic political concerns. 
"It's a psychological and national issue that Palestinians feel they are 
united," Mr. Abu Amr said. "This split is hurting them." 
Ultimately, what we have here are two distinct peoples contesting 
ownership of essentially one land, from the Jordan to the Mediterranean. ... 
He and other Palestinian leaders dismissed Israel's threats and said 
reconciliation was an internal matter, noting that the presence of extreme 
right-wing members in Israel's governing coalition had not stopped 
Palestinians from participating in the peace talks. They also pointed out 
that some Israeli leaders had questioned Mr. Abbas's ability to deliver a 
peace deal with Hamas controlling Gaza. 
"Mr. Netanyahu and his government were using Palestinian division as an 
excuse not to make peace," said Saeb Erekat, the chief Palestinian 
negotiator. "Now they want to use Palestinian reconciliation as an excuse 
for the same purpose. This is utterly absurd." 
Israel's cabinet planned to meet Thursday to plan its next steps. Dore Gold, 
a senior adviser to Mr. Netanyahu, called the Palestinian deal "a real game 
changer," and said, "You cannot have a serious peace process with Hamas 
inside." 
Tzipi Livni, Israel's chief negotiator, said the reconciliation was a "very 
problematic development." 
EFTA00988139
--- PAGE 6 ---
Some Washington-based Middle East experts, who had long thought Mr. 
Kerry's efforts to be an uphill struggle given the yawning gaps between 
Israeli and Palestinian positions on fundamental issues, said Wednesday's 
developments boded ill. 
Aaron David Miller, a former State Department peace negotiator, said Mr. 
Abbas had "bought peace at home in exchange for significant tensions with 
the Israelis" and called the move "one more nail to a peace-process coffin 
that is rapidly being closed." 
Dennis B. Ross, another former American peace envoy, said that the move 
could make Mr. Abbas "less susceptible to a domestic backlash for 
continuing the process with the Israelis," but that "the timing is very 
problematic — when the process is already faltering, this could be a body 
blow." 
Tamara Cofman Wittes, director of the Saban Center for Middle East 
Policy at the Brookings Institution in Washington, said the implications 
depended on the precise terms of the reconciliation, which have yet to be 
revealed. 
"If, and it is a big `if,' Hamas comes under the P.L.O. umbrella in such a 
way that it accedes to the P.L.O.'s recognition of Israel and the P.L.O.'s 
signed agreements with Israel," she said, "that would be historic." 
"What would make it horrible is if Hamas were to join the P.L.O. without 
those kinds of commitments," Ms. Wittes added. "Then it calls into 
question the P.L.O.'s commitments that it has already made." 
Jodi Rudoren reported from Jerusalem, and Michael R. Gordon from 
Washington. Fares Akram contributed reporting from Gaza City, and Isabel 
Kershner and Said Ghazali from Jerusalem. 
Article 2. 
The Council on Foreign Relations 
EFTA00988140
--- PAGE 7 ---
The Fatah-Hamas Gaza Palestinian Unity 
Agreement 
Robert M. Danin 
April 23, 2014 -- Hamas and Fatah have once again reached an agreement 
to overcome their split, claiming they will form a unity government within 
five weeks and hold general elections by December. There is little reason 
to believe that the unity agreement reached today in Gaza between Hamas 
and Fatah is any more credible, or stands any better chance of 
implementation, than the previous failed unity agreements between the two 
parties penned in Cairo and Doha. The fundamental issues that divide them 
remain: Hamas is interested in an Islamist agenda while Fatah opposes it. 
Hamas opposes a two-state peace solution to the conflict with Israel while 
Fatah supports it. Moreover, Hamas is loath to relinquish control of Gaza, 
and Fatah has no interest in sharing the West Bank with its political 
adversary. 
Both Fatah and Hamas have an interest right now in demonstrating efforts 
to seek unity, even if they never implement such an agreement. The idea of 
unity is very popular with a Palestinian public largely disenchanted with 
both Hamas and Fatah. That Palestinian elections have not been held since 
2006 erodes both parties' legitimacy and reinforces a popular image of 
Fatah and Hamas as more interested in power and its benefits than in 
delivering political or economic benefits to their people. For Hamas, unity 
efforts may give the group a political bounce at a time when the 
organization (and all of Gaza) is hurting from unprecedented Egyptian 
efforts on the ground to squeeze Hamas. 
Yet with Islamist parties on the defensive throughout the Middle East right 
now, why would Abbas agree to share power with his arch rivals and risk 
alienating potential Arab patrons who seek the destruction of the Muslim 
Brotherhood and their offshoots such as Hamas? For Abbas, talking to 
Hamas about unity when it is unlikely to be implemented is tactically 
attractive. In addition to its popularity, focusing on domestic politics right 
EFTA00988141
--- PAGE 8 ---
now by talking to Hamas can help deflect attention from negotiations with 
Israel that are likely to collapse by the end of this month. 
Abbas knows that moving forward on his stated intention to seek further 
international recognition for Palestine should the peace efforts fail could 
prove painful to him and the Palestinian people. Israel is likely to take 
punitive actions on the ground, and many international donors will 
probably withhold financial assistance as well as political support. 
Pursuing unity talks with Hamas can pivot Palestinian politics towards a 
domestic agenda away from the international one. When Hamas later fails 
to sign on to Abbas' terms for unity or rejects allowing the PLO to retake 
control of Gaza, the Palestinian president can blame Hamas for thwarting 
efforts and Palestinian elections. 
At the same time, Abbas may also calculate that flirting with Hamas puts 
pressure on Israel to compromise in Secretary of State Kerry's last-ditch 
efforts to keep negotiations going past the April 29 expiration deadline. 
Abbas may think that Netanyahu will want to keep the Palestinians from 
moving to a rejectionist stance in the absence of peace talks. 
If that is Abbas' intention, it is likely to backfire. Rather than prompting 
Israelis to make endgame concessions to reach a deal right now, Abbas' 
flirting with Hamas is more likely to provoke Netanyahu to point a finger 
at Abbas and say that the Palestinians are to blame for thwarting Kerry's 
efforts, and that Abbas is really no partner for genuine peace. Netanyahu 
could choose to ignore the unity talks and diminish their significance while 
betting on their likely failure. But that would provide further ammunition 
to his political critics on the right. Moreover, Palestinian unity efforts make 
it all the more certain that Abbas will not budge on the one issue of 
primacy to Israeli negotiators—that the Palestinians recognize Israel as the 
nation-state of the Jewish people. 
It remains theoretically possible, though highly unlikely, that this time will 
be different, and that Hamas and Fatah will both see enough benefit in 
making fundamental compromises that would produce a mutually 
acceptable interim government leading to new elections. Failing that, the 
ensuing talks to cobble together a unity government will likely replace one 
EFTA00988142
--- PAGE 9 ---
set of fruitless talks—those between Israel and the Palestinians—with 
another set of negotiations with similarly poor prospects for realization. 
Robert M. Danin - Eni Enrico Mattei Senior Fellow for Middle East and 
Africa Studies. 
Al Monitor 
llamas reconciliation last straw for Palestine 
critics in Congress 
Julian Pecquct 
April 23, 2014 -- Wednesday's announcement of a reconciliation between 
the rival Palestinian factions Hamas and Fatah triggered an instant call for 
retaliation on Capitol Hill. 
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, R-Fla., the author of the Palestinian Anti-
Terrorism Act, called for an immediate suspension of US aid to the 
Palestinian Authority. The 2006 law, passed after Hamas won that year's 
legislative elections, prohibits support for a "Hamas-controlled Palestinian 
Authority." 
"The Administration must halt aid to the Palestinian Authority and 
condition any future assistance as leverage to force Abu Mazen [Mahmoud 
Abbas] to abandon this reconciliation with Hamas and to implement real 
reforms within the PA," Ros-Lehtinen, who chairs the House Foreign 
Affairs panel on the Middle East, said in a statement. "U.S. law is clear on 
the prohibition of U.S. assistance to a unity Palestinian government that 
includes Hamas, a designated Foreign Terrorist Organization, and President 
EFTA00988143
--- PAGE 10 ---
Obama must not allow one cent of American taxpayer money to help fund 
this terrorist group." 
Her Democratic counterpart on the subcommittee, Ted Deutch of Florida, 
issued a similar warning. 
"President Abbas now stands at a pivotal crossroad — does he want peace 
with Israel or reconciliation with Hamas?" Deutch said. "Be certain that the 
Palestinian Authority will face significant consequences if a unity 
government is formed that includes terrorist members of Hamas." 
Rep. Nita Lowey, D-N.Y., the top Democrat on the House Appropriations 
Committee, flatly said the move "jeopardizes US assistance." 
The statements follow er ports out of Gaza that Hamas and the PLO, which 
runs the PA in the West Bank, have agreed to form a unity government 
within five weeks. Such a government would then prepare for elections 
within the next six months. 
"I announce to our people the news that the years of split are over," Hamas 
Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh was quoted as telling reporters in Gaza. 
The announcement comes on the heels of the Abbas's decision to sign 15 
UN treaties, a move that had already triggered congressional ire. House 
appropriators warned earlier this month that they could revisit aid requests 
as a result of that decision, which the Palestinians said was in response to 
Israel's failure to release a fourth and final batch of prisoners under the 
terms of US-brokered peace talks. 
The White House requested $440 million for aid to the West Bank and 
Gaza in 2014. 
The president's fiscal year 2015 budget Lequest includes $370 million in 
Economic Support Funds that the State Department says "creates an 
atmosphere that supports negotiations, encourages broad-based economic 
growth, promotes democratic governance, and improves the everyday lives 
of Palestinians, thereby creating an environment supportive of a peace 
agreement and contributing to the overall stability and security of the 
region." It also sets aside $70 million in International Narcotics Control 
EFTA00988144
--- PAGE 11 ---
and Law Enforcement funding aimed at "reforming the Palestinian 
Authority (PA) security sector, and sustaining and maintaining the 
capabilities that the security forces have developed." 
State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said joining forces with Hamas 
could put aid to the PA in jeopardy. 
"Well, obviously, there would be implications," she told reporters on April 
23. "I don't have those all in front of me ... but what we're going to watch 
and see here is what happens over the coming hours and days to see what 
steps are taken by the Palestinians." 
The Palestinian envoy to the United States had no immediate comment. 
The 2006 anti-terror law bars aid to a Hamas government unless the group 
recognizes Israel, dismantles terrorist infrastructure in its jurisdiction and 
ceases anti-Israel "incitement." Early reports suggested that's unlikely to 
happen, with the Palestinian Information Center quoting Hamas 
parliamentarian Hassan Youssef as declaring that Hamas would neither 
recognize Israel nor "give up the resistance." 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Abbas would have to 
choose between Hamas and peace talks with Israel. 
"Does he want peace with Hamas, or peace with Israel?" Netanyahu said. 
"You can have one but not the other. I hope he chooses peace. So far he 
hasn't done so." 
"A unity government with Hamas, within the frame of reference of where 
Hamas's position is, turns that government effectively into a terrorist 
government," Hillel Frisch, a senior research fellow at the Begin-Sadat 
Center for Strategic Studies at Bar-Ilan University, said in a conference call 
with reporters organized by The Israel Project. "Because it's a government 
where a principal member of that government — maybe even the leading 
member of that government — advocates terrorism against a sovereign 
United Nations member state. In that sense it would certainly be 
considered a terrorist entity and might legally be sanctioned with 
congressional cuts." 
EFTA00988145
--- PAGE 12 ---
Ironically, Frisch suggested Israel would welcome a unity government — if 
Hamas turned over a new leaf. 
"In fact," he said, a unity government "would be much better, because any 
peace talks could possibly result in a peace agreement with all the 
Palestinians, rather than half the Palestinians." 
"Until now," he said, "any process that ends up with a peace agreement 
with Abbas, we know with 100% certainty that come the next day Israel 
will be attacked with rockets from Gaza." 
Ros-Lehtinen said she'd hold hearings on the PA soon. 
"In the coming weeks, I will convene a subcommittee hearing on this issue 
and many more regarding the PA, Israel and the peace process," she said. 
"It's long past time the US reassess its relationship with the corrupt Abu 
Mazen and his cronies." 
Her panel is scheduled to hold a hearing next week on President 
Barack Obama's fiscal year 2015 budget request for the Middle East and 
North Africa. Slated to testify are Anne Patterson, assistant secretary of 
state for near eastern affairs, and Alina Romanowski, deputy assistant US 
Agency for International Development administrator. 
Julian Pecquet is Al-Monitor's Congressional Correspondent. He 
previously led The Hill's Global Affairs blog. 
Aritcle 4.
New Statesman 
Tony Blair's speech on the Middle East 
Tony Blair 
EFTA00988146
--- PAGE 13 ---
April, 2014 - 08:45 -- It is unsurprising that public opinion in the UK 
and elsewhere, resents the notion that we should engage with the politics of 
the Middle East and beyond. We have been through painful engagements in 
Afghanistan and Iraq. After 2008, we have had our own domestic anxieties 
following the financial crisis. And besides if we want to engage, people 
reasonably ask: where, how and to what purpose? 
More recently, Ukraine has served to push the Middle East to the inside 
pages, with the carnage of Syria featuring somewhat, but the chaos of 
Libya, whose Government we intervened to change, hardly meriting a 
mention. 
However the Middle East matters. What is presently happening there, still 
represents the biggest threat to global security of the early 21st C. The 
region, including the wider area outside its conventional boundary —
Pakistan, Afghanistan to the east and North Africa to the west — is in 
turmoil with no end in sight to the upheaval and any number of potential 
outcomes from the mildly optimistic to catastrophe. 
At the root of the crisis lies a radicalised and politicised view of Islam, an 
ideology that distorts and warps Islam's true message. The threat of this 
radical Islam is not abating. It is growing. It is spreading across the world. 
It is de-stabilising communities and even nations. It is undermining the 
possibility of peaceful co-existence in an era of globalisation. And in the 
face of this threat we seem curiously reluctant to acknowledge it and 
powerless to counter it effectively. 
In this speech I will set out how we should do this, including the 
recognition that on this issue, whatever our other differences, we should be 
prepared to reach out and cooperate with the East, and in particular, Russia 
and China. 
The statement that the Middle East `matters', is no longer uncontested. 
Some say after the shale revolution, the region has declined in significance 
for energy supplies, at least for the USA. Others say that though they 
accept that it continues to be a relevant and important region, there are 
other more pressing problems, most particularly now with Eastern Europe 
facing a resurgent, nationalist Russia. For the most part, a very common 
EFTA00988147
--- PAGE 14 ---
sentiment is that the region may be important but it is ungovernable and 
therefore impossible and therefore we should let it look after itself. 
I would say there are four reasons why the Middle East remains of central 
importance and cannot be relegated to the second order. 
First and most obviously, it is still where a large part of the world's energy 
supplies are generated, and whatever the long term implications of the 
USA energy revolution, the world's dependence on the Middle East is not 
going to disappear any time soon. In any event, it has a determining effect 
on the price of oil; and thus on the stability and working of the global 
economy. 
Secondly, it is right on the doorstep of Europe. The boundary of the EU is a 
short distance from the Levantine coast. Instability here affects Europe, as 
does instability in North Africa, in close proximity to Spain and Italy. 
Third, in the centre of this maelstrom, is Israel. Its alliance with the USA, 
its partnership with leading countries of Europe, and the fact that it is a 
Western democracy, mean that its fate is never going to be a matter of 
indifference. Over these past years, with considerable skill, the Israelis 
have also built up relationships with China and with Russia. These aren't 
the same as their long standing Western alliances but they have 
significance. Were the Israelis to be pulled into a regional conflict, there is 
no realistic way that the world could or would want to shrug it off. For the 
moment, Israel has successfully stayed aloof from the storm around it. But 
the one thing the last few years has taught us (and them) is that we can 
expect the unexpected. 
Finally and least obvious, is a reason we are curiously reluctant to admit, in 
part because the admission would throw up some very difficult policy 
choices. It is in the Middle East that the future of Islam will be decided. By 
this I mean the future of its relationship with politics. This is controversial 
because the world of politics is uncomfortable talking about religion; 
because some will say that really the problems are not religious but 
political; and even because — it is true — that the largest Muslim populations 
are to be found outside the region not inside it. 
EFTA00988148
--- PAGE 15 ---
But I assert it nonetheless. I do so because underneath the turmoil and 
revolution of the past years is one very clear and unambiguous struggle: 
between those with a modern view of the Middle East, one of pluralistic 
societies and open economies, where the attitudes and patterns of 
globalisation are embraced; and, on the other side, those who want to 
impose an ideology born out of a belief that there is one proper religion 
and one proper view of it, and that this view should, exclusively, determine 
the nature of society and the political economy. We might call this latter 
perspective an `Islamist' view, though one of the frustrating things about 
this debate is the inadequacy of the terminology and the tendency for any 
short hand to be capable of misinterpretation, so that you can appear to 
elide those who support the Islamist ideology with all Muslims. 
But wherever you look — from Iraq to Libya to Egypt to Yemen to Lebanon 
to Syria and then further afield to Iran, Pakistan and Afghanistan — this is 
the essential battle. Of course there are an array of complexities in each 
case, derived from tribe, tradition and territory. I would not for a moment 
suggest that these conflicts do not have their own individual characteristics. 
And the lack of economic opportunity is without doubt a prime proximate 
cause of the region's chaos. But there is something frankly odd about the 
reluctance to accept what is so utterly plain: that they have in common a 
struggle around the issue of the rightful place of religion, and in particular 
Islam, in politics. 
It is crucially important in this description not to confuse the issue of 
religion and politics, with the question of religiosity. Many of those totally 
opposed to the Islamist ideology are absolutely devout Muslims. In fact it 
is often the most devout who take most exception to what they regard as 
the distortion of their faith by those who claim to be ardent Muslims whilst 
acting in a manner wholly in contradiction to the proper teaching of the 
Koran. 
Neither should this be seen in simplistic Sunni/Shia terms. Sometimes the 
struggle is seen in those terms and sometimes it is right to see it so. But the 
real battle is against both Sunni and Shia extremism where the majority of 
people, Sunni or Shia, who are probably perfectly content to live and let 
live, in the same way that nowadays most Catholics and Protestants do, are 
EFTA00988149
--- PAGE 16 ---
caught in a vicious and often literal crossfire between competing 
exclusivist views of the `true' Islam. Where the two views align, whatever 
their mutual antagonism, is in the belief that those who think differently are 
the `enemy' either within or without. 
The reason this matters so much is that this ideology is exported around the 
world. The Middle East is still the epicentre of thought and theology in 
Islam. Those people, fortunately not a majority, in countries like, for 
example, Indonesia or Malaysia who espouse a strict Islamist perspective, 
didn't originate these ideas. They imported them. 
For the last 40/50 years, there has been a steady stream of funding, 
proselytising, organising and promulgating coming out of the Middle East, 
pushing views of religion that are narrow minded and dangerous. 
Unfortunately we seem blind to the enormous global impact such teaching 
has had and is having. 
Within the Middle East itself, the result has been horrible, with people 
often facing a choice between authoritarian Government that is at least 
religiously tolerant; and the risk that in throwing off the Government they 
don't like, they end up with a religiously intolerant quasi-theocracy. 
Take a step back and analyse the world today: with the possible exception 
of Latin America (leaving aside Hezbollah in the ti-border area in South 
America), there is not a region of the world not adversely affected by 
Islamism and the ideology is growing. The problems of the Mid East and 
North Africa are obvious. But look at the terror being inflicted in countries 
— Nigeria, Mali, Central African Republic, Chad and many others — across 
Sub Saharan Africa. Indeed I would argue that that religious extremism is 
possibly the single biggest threat to their ability to overcome the massive 
challenges of development today. 
In Central Asia, terrorist attacks are regular occurrences in Russia, whose 
Muslim population is now over 15%, and radical influences are stretching 
across the whole of the central part of Northern Asia, reaching even the 
Western province of Xinjiang in China. 
EFTA00988150
--- PAGE 17 ---
In the Far East, there has been the important breakthrough in resolving the 
Mindanao dispute in the Philippines, where well over 100,000 people lost 
their lives in the last decade or so. But elsewhere, in Thailand, Myanmar, 
Bangladesh and Indonesia, there remain real inter-religious challenges and 
tensions. In the recent Indonesian elections, the Islamic parties received a 
third of the vote. 
The Muslim population in Europe is now over 40m and growing. The 
Muslim Brotherhood and other organisations are increasingly active and 
they operate without much investigation or constraint. Recent controversy 
over schools in Birmingham (and similar allegations in France) show 
heightened levels of concern about Islamist penetration of our own 
societies. 
All of this you can read about. 
However for the purposes of this speech, two fascinating things stand out 
for me. The first is the absolutely rooted desire on the part of Western 
commentators to analyse these issues as disparate rather than united by 
common elements. They go to extraordinary lengths to say why, in every 
individual case, there are multiple reasons for understanding that this is not 
really about Islam, it is not really about religion; there are local or historic 
reasons which explain what is happening. There is a wish to eliminate the 
obvious common factor in a way that is almost wilful. Now of course as I 
have said, there is always a context that is unique to each situation. There 
will naturally be a host of local factors that play a part in creating the issue. 
But it is bizarre to ignore the fact the principal actors in all situations, 
express themselves through the medium of religious identity or that in 
ideological terms, there is a powerful unifying factor based on a particular 
world view of religion and its place in politics and society. 
The second thing is that there is a deep desire to separate the political 
ideology represented by groups such as the Muslim Brotherhood from the 
actions of extremists including acts of terrorism. This stems from a 
completely laudable sense that we must always distinguish between those 
who violate the law and those we simply disagree with. 
EFTA00988151
--- PAGE 18 ---
But laudable though the motives are, which lead us to this distinction, if 
we're not careful, they also blind us to the fact that the ideology itself is 
nonetheless dangerous and corrosive; and cannot and should not be treated 
as a conventional political debate between two opposing views of how 
society should be governed. 
It may well be the case that in particular situations, those who follow a 
strictly Islamist political agenda neither advocate nor approve of political 
violence. There are of course a variety of different views within such a 
broadly described position. But their overall ideology is one which 
inevitably creates the soil in which such extremism can take root. In many 
cases, it is clear that they regard themselves as part of a spectrum, with a 
difference of view as to how to achieve the goals of Islamism, not a 
difference as to what those goals are; and in certain cases, they will support 
the use of violence. 
At this point it must again be emphasised: it is not Islam itself that gives 
rise to this ideology. It is an interpretation of Islam, actually a perversion of 
it which many Muslims abhor. There used to be such interpretations of 
Christianity which took us years to eradicate from our mainstream politics. 
The reason that this ideology is dangerous is that its implementation is 
incompatible with the modern world — politically, socially, and 
economically. Why? Because the way the modern world works is through 
connectivity. Its essential nature is pluralist. It favours the open-minded. 
Modern economies work through creativity and connections. Democracy 
cannot function except as a way of thinking as well as voting. You put your 
view; you may lose; you try to win next time; or you win but you accept 
that you may lose next time. 
That is not the way that the Islamist ideology works. It is not about a 
competing view of how society or politics should be governed within a 
common space where you accept other views are equally valid. It is 
exclusivist in nature. The ultimate goal is not a society which someone else 
can change after winning an election. It is a society of a fixed polity, 
governed by religious doctrines that are not changeable but which are, of 
their essence, unchangeable. 
EFTA00988152
--- PAGE 19 ---
Because the West is so completely unfamiliar with such an ideology —
though actually the experience of revolutionary communism or fascism 
should resonate with older generations — we can't really see the danger 
properly. We feel almost that if we identify it in these terms, we're being 
anti-Muslim, a sentiment on which the Islamists cleverly play. 
Right now in the Middle East, this is the battle being waged. Of course in 
each country, it arises in a different form. But in each case, take out the 
extremist views around religion, and each conflict or challenge becomes 
infinitely more manageable. This is where, even though at one level the 
ideology coming out of Shia Iran and that of the Sunni Muslim 
Brotherhood may seem to be different, in reality they amount to the same 
thing with the same effect — the holding back of the proper political, social 
and economic advance of the country. 
It is this factor that then can explain many of the things that presently we 
seem to find inexplicable in a way that fuels our desire to dis-engage from 
the region and beyond it. 
So we look at the issue of intervention or not and seem baffled. We change 
the regimes in Afghanistan and in Iraq, put soldiers on the ground in order 
to help build the country, a process which a majority of people in both 
countries immediately participated in, through the elections. But that 
proved immensely difficult and bloody. 
We change the regime in Libya through air power, we don't commit forces 
on the ground, again the people initially respond well, but now Libya is a 
mess and a mess that is de-stabilising everywhere around it, (apart from 
Algeria partly because Algeria already went through a conflict precisely 
around the issue of Islamism in which thousands lost their lives.) 
In Syria, we call for the regime to change, we encourage the Opposition to 
rise up, but then when Iran activates Hezbollah on the side of Assad, we 
refrain even from air intervention to give the Opposition a chance. The 
result is a country in disintegration, millions displaced, a death toll 
approximating that of Iraq, with no end in sight and huge risks to regional 
stability. 
EFTA00988153
--- PAGE 20 ---
The impact of this recent history, on Western opinion is a wish at all costs 
to stay clear of it all. 
Then there has been the so-called Arab Spring. At first we jumped in to 
offer our support to those on the street. We are now bemused and 
bewildered that it hasn't turned out quite how we expected. 
Even in respect of the MEPP there is an audible feeling of dismay, - that as 
the world around Israel and Palestine went into revolutionary spasm, and 
the need for progress seemed so plain, the issue in which we have 
expended extraordinary energy and determination through US Secretary 
Kerry, still seems as intractable as ever. 
Yet the explanation for all of these apparently unresolvable contradictions 
is staring us in the face. 
It is that there is a Titanic struggle going on within the region between 
those who want the region to embrace the modern world — politically, 
socially and economically — and those who instead want to create a politics 
of religious difference and exclusivity. This is the battle. This is the 
distorting feature. This is what makes intervention so fraught but non-
intervention equally so. This is what complicates the process of political 
evolution. This is what makes it so hard for democracy to take root. This is 
what, irrespective of the problems on the Israeli side, divides Palestinian 
politics and constrains their leadership. 
The important point for Western opinion is that this is a struggle with two 
sides. So when we look at the Middle East and beyond it to Pakistan or 
Iran and elsewhere, it isn't just a vast unfathomable mess with no end in 
sight and no one worthy of our support. It is in fact a struggle in which our 
own strategic interests are intimately involved; where there are indeed 
people we should support and who, ironically, are probably in the majority 
if only that majority were mobilised, organised and helped. 
But what is absolutely necessary is that we first liberate ourselves from our 
own attitude. We have to take sides. We have to stop treating each country 
on the basis of whatever seems to make for the easiest life for us at any one 
EFTA00988154
--- PAGE 21 ---
time. We have to have an approach to the region that is coherent and sees it 
as a whole. And above all, we have to commit. We have to engage. 
Engagement and commitment are words easy to use. But they only count 
when they come at a cost. Alliances are forged at moments of common 
challenge. Partnerships are built through trials shared. There is no 
engagement that doesn't involve a price. There is no commitment that 
doesn't mean taking a risk. 
In saying this, it does not mean that we have to repeat the enormous 
commitment of Iraq and Afghanistan. It may well be that in time people 
come to view the impact of those engagements differently. But there is no 
need, let alone appetite, to do that. 
I completely understand why our people feel they have done enough, more 
than enough. And when they read of those we have tried to help spurning 
our help, criticising us, even trying to kill us, they're entitled to feel 
aggrieved and to say: we're out. 
However, as the Afghans who braved everything to vote show us and the 
Iraqis who will also come out and vote despite all the threats and the 
inadequacy of the system they now live in, demonstrate, those who spurn 
our help are only part of the story. There are others whose spirit and 
determination stay undaunted. And I think of the Egyptians who have been 
through so much and yet remain with optimism; and the Palestinians who 
work with me and who, whatever the frustrations, still want and believe in 
a peaceful solution; and I look at Tunisians and Libyans and Yemenis who 
are trying to make it all work properly; and I realise this is not a struggle 
without hope. This is not a mess where everyone is as bad as each other. In 
other words it matters and there is a side we should be proud to take. There 
are people to stand beside and who will stand beside us. 
But we have to be clear what that side is and why we're taking it. So what 
does that mean? 
It means supporting the principles of religious freedom and open, rule 
based economies. It means helping those countries whose people wish to 
embrace those principles to achieve them. Where there has been revolution, 
EFTA00988155
--- PAGE 22 ---
we should be on the side of those who support those principles and 
opposed to those who would thwart them. Where there has not been 
revolution, we should support the steady evolution towards them. 
If we apply those principles to the Middle East, it would mean the 
following. 
Egypt. I start with Egypt not because what is happening in Syria is not 
more horrifying; but because on the fate of Egypt hangs the future of the 
region. Here we have to understand plainly what happened. The Muslim 
Brotherhood Government was not simply a bad Government. It was 
systematically taking over the traditions and institutions of the country. The 
revolt of 30 June 2013 was not an ordinary protest. It was the absolutely 
necessary rescue of a nation. We should support the new Government and 
help. None of this means that where there are things we disagree strongly 
with — such as the death sentence on the 500 — that we do not speak out. 
Plenty of Egyptians have. But it does mean that we show some sensitivity 
to the fact that over 400 police officers have suffered violent deaths and 
several hundred soldiers been killed. The next President will face 
extraordinary challenges. It is massively in our interests that he succeeds. 
We should mobilise the international community in giving Egypt and its 
new President as much assistance as we can so that the country gets a 
chance not to return to the past but to cross over to a better future. 
Syria. This is an unmitigated disaster. We are now in a position where both 
Assad staying and the Opposition taking over seem bad options. The 
former is responsible for creating this situation. But the truth is that there 
are so many fissures and problems around elements within the Opposition 
that people are rightly wary now of any solution that is an outright victory 
for either side. Repugnant though it may seem, the only way forward is to 
conclude the best agreement possible even if it means in the interim 
President Assad stays for a period. Should even this not be acceptable to 
him, we should consider active measures to help the Opposition and force 
him to the negotiating table, including no fly zones whilst making it clear 
that the extremist groups should receive no support from any of the 
surrounding nations. 
EFTA00988156
--- PAGE 23 ---
Tunisia. Here there have been genuine and positive attempts by the new 
Government to escape from the dilemmas of the region and to shape a new 
Constitution. Supporting the new Government should be an absolute 
priority. As the new President has rightly said for a fraction of what we're 
offering Ukraine — which of course is the correct thing to do - we could put 
Tunisia on its feet. We should do so. This would be a very sensible 
investment. 
Libya. We bear a responsibility for what has happened. Their urgent need is 
for security sector reform. We have made some attempts to do so. But 
obviously the scale of the task and the complications of the militia make it 
very hard. But Libya is not Iraq or Afghanistan. It is not impossible to help 
and NATO has the capability to do so. However reluctant we are to make 
this commitment, we have to recognise the de-stabilising impact Libya is 
having at present. If it disintegrates completely, it will affect the whole of 
the region around it and feed the instability in Sub- Saharan Africa. 
Yemen. Again the country is trying to make progress in circumstances that 
are unimaginably difficult. We are giving support to the new Government. 
There is a new Constitution. But again they urgently need help with 
security sector reform and with development. 
Iran. We should continue to make it clear, as the Obama administration is 
rightly doing, that they have to step back from being a nuclear threshold 
state. The next weeks will be a crucial phase in the negotiation. But I do 
not favour yielding to their demands for regional influence in return for 
concessions on their nuclear ambitions. The Iranian Government play a 
deliberately de-stabilising role across the region. Our goals should not 
include regime change. Their people will, in the end, have to find their own 
way to do that. However we should at every opportunity, push back against 
the use of their power to support extremism. 
Middle East Peace Process. Since becoming Secretary of State, John Kerry 
has put immense effort into making the peace process work. As we speak, 
his efforts hang in the balance. Many people said he should not have given 
such priority to this issue. They are wrong. It remains absolutely core to the 
region and the world. Not because the Israeli / Palestinian conflict is the 
cause of our problems. But because solving it would be such a victory for 
EFTA00988157
--- PAGE 24 ---
the very forces we should support. Now it may be that after years of it 
being said that solving this question is the route to solving the regions' 
problems, we're about to enter a new phase where solving the region's 
problems a critical part of solving the Israeli / Palestinian issue. But the 
point is that John Kerry's commitment has not been in vain. He has put 
himself in an immensely powerful position to drive this forward by virtue 
of that commitment. He needs our support in doing so. 
Elsewhere across the region we should be standing steadfast by our friends 
and allies as they try to change their own countries in the direction of 
reform. Whether in Jordan or the Gulf where they're promoting the values 
of religious tolerance and open, rule based economies, or taking on the 
forces of reaction in the shape of Iran and the Muslim Brotherhood, we 
should be supporting and assisting them. 
Finally, we have to elevate the issue of religious extremism to the top of 
the agenda. All over the world the challenge of defeating this ideology 
requires active and sustained engagement. Consider this absurdity: that we 
spend billions of $ on security arrangements and on defence to protect 
ourselves against the consequences of an ideology that is being advocated 
in the formal and informal school systems and in civic institutions of the 
very countries with whom we have intimate security and defence 
relationships. Some of those countries of course wish to escape from the 
grip of this ideology. But often it is hard for them to do so within their own 
political constraints. They need to have this issue out in the open where it 
then becomes harder for the promotion of this ideology to happen 
underneath the radar. In other words they need us to make this a core part 
of the international dialogue in order to force the necessary change within 
their own societies. This struggle between what we may call the open-
minded and the closed-minded is at the heart of whether the 21st C turns in 
the direction of peaceful co-existence or conflict between people of 
different cultures. 
If we do not act, then we will start to see reactions against radical Islam 
which will then foster extremism within other faiths. Indeed we see some 
evidence of this already directed against Muslims in Asia particularly. 
EFTA00988158
--- PAGE 25 ---
When we consider the defining challenges of our time, surely this one 
should be up there along with the challenge of the environment or 
economic instability. Add up the deaths around the world now — and even 
leave out the theatre of the Middle East — and the toll on human life is 
deplorable. In Nigeria recently and Pakistan alone thousands are now dying 
in religiously inspired conflict. And quite apart from the actual loss of life, 
there is the loss of life opportunities for parts of the population mired in 
backward thinking and reactionary attitudes especially towards girls. 
On this issue also, there is a complete identity of interest between East and 
West. China and Russia have exactly the same desire to defeat this 
ideology as do the USA and Europe. Here is a subject upon which all the 
principal nations of the G20 could come together, could agree to act, and 
could find common ground to common benefit. An international 
programme to eradicate religious intolerance and prejudice from school 
systems and informal education systems and from organisations in civic 
society would have a huge galvanising effect in making unacceptable what 
is currently ignored or tolerated. 
So there is an agenda here in part about the Middle East and its 
importance; and in part about seeing what is happening there in the context 
of its impact on the wider world. 
This is why I work on the Middle East Peace Process; why I began my 
Foundation to promote inter-faith dialogue. Why I will do all I can to help 
governments confronting these issues. 
Consider for a moment since 9/11 how our world has changed, how in a 
myriad of different ways from the security measures we now take for 
granted to the arenas of conflict that have now continued over a span of 
years, there is a price being paid in money, life and opportunity for 
millions. This is not a conventional war. It isn't a struggle between super 
powers or over territory. But it is real. It is fearsome in its impact. It is 
growing in its reach. It is a battle about belief and about modernity. It is 
important because the world through technology and globalisation is 
pushing us together across boundaries of faith and culture. Unaddressed, 
the likelihood of conflict increases. Engagement does not always mean 
military involvement. Commitment does not mean going it alone. But it 
EFTA00988159
--- PAGE 26 ---
does mean stirring ourselves. It does mean seeing the struggle for what it 
is. It does mean taking a side and sticking with it. 
Al Monitor 
Get ready for the next Erdogan decade 
Mustafa Akyol 
April 23, 2014 -- Last week, Turkish President Abdullah Gul declared to 
the press, "Under these conditions, I don't have plans for politics." This 
was widely interpreted as an end to expectations that Gul, somehow, would 
keep sharing power with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan after the 
presidential elections in August. Now many believe that Erdogan will win 
the elections to become the first popularly elected president of Turkey, and 
there will be no Gul to balance him. 
One may wonder why Gul is so important. As one of the two founders of 
the Justice and Development Party (AKP), Gul has not simply been an ally 
and "brother" of Erdogan, but also the only name in the AKP universe that 
could afford to openly disagree with him. It is no wonder a number of 
differences have emerged between them in the past few years. In the face 
of the Gezi Park protests, for example, Gul advocated for moderation and 
dialogue, whereas Erdogan opted for defiance. Gul opposed the recent bans 
on Twitter and YouTube that Erdogan ordered and defended. In 
addition, Gul dismissed the conspiracy theories about foreign plots against 
Turkey, one of the main themes in Erdogan's new political rhetoric. 
That is why most of Turkey's liberals had hoped that Gul, a religious 
conservative with liberal views, would continue either as president, or 
more likely, as prime minister under Erdogan. The "Putin-Medvedev 
model," as some have called it, has now, however, been declared dead upon 
Gul's remarks. 
EFTA00988160
--- PAGE 27 ---
People wonder why Gul backed off. My understanding is that he realized 
two bitter facts. First, accepting the prime ministry under Erdogan would 
imply accepting his unquestionable authority, which Gul is loath to do. 
Second, challenging Erdogan would be political suicide, because of 
Erdogan's unshakable popularity among the religious conservatives that 
also form Gul's base. Thus, it seems, Gul made both an honorable and a 
rational decision by stepping aside. 
With Gul gone, what will Erdogan do? The prevalent expectation is that he 
will run in this August's presidential elections to become Turkey's first 
directly elected president. (Previous presidents were elected by the 
parliament.) Erdogan needs a simple majority either in the first round, in 
which all the candidates participate, or the second round, in which the two 
top vote-getters compete. It is not yet known who the other candidates will 
be — the opposition parties must be working hard on that these days — but 
it seems likely that Erdogan can win the elections, at least in the second 
round, given the 45% his party secured in the recent local elections and the 
possible add-ons: the votes of the Islamist Felicity Party (around 2%) and 
those of the Kurdish nationalists (around 6%), with whom Erdogan has 
built an alliance thanks to the "peace process" with Kurdish separatists. 
If Erdogan is elected president, what will he do? Well, first of all, this will 
give him a solid five years in power. Then he could win a second term, in 
2019, extending his presidency to a decade. He plans to rule, in other 
words, until 2024, if not beyond. That is why he often speaks of his "goals 
for 2023," the centennial of the Turkish Republic and, in this context, the 
ninth year of his upcoming decade. 
What about the prime ministry, the post which, according to the current 
constitution, holds the real executive power? The common expectation is 
that if Erdogan becomes president, he will appoint a loyalist to this job, 
someone who would accept his ultimate authority. (Current speculation in 
Ankara centers on Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu and Numan 
Kurtulmus, a relatively recent import to the AKP.) In this case, Turkey will 
be heading toward a de facto presidential system in which Erdogan will 
hold the real power. 
EFTA00988161
--- PAGE 28 ---
Erdogan could, however, move on to a de jure presidential system if he can 
find a way to change the constitution. For that, he needs at least 330 seats 
in the parliament. The AKP now has 313, but a new AKP-
proposed electoral law would provide further advantage to the most 
powerful party and thus hand the AKP even more seats given its current 
popularity. If the next general elections, which are scheduled for summer 
2015 but could always be rescheduled, are held under the new system, the 
AKP could easily gain enough seats to change the constitution. Needless to 
say, the pivotal aim in any such AKP-induced constitution will be to further 
empower the presidency, i.e., Erdogan. 
If Erdogan can realize the transformation to the presidential system that his 
advisers have been advocating, it would amount to the most significant 
Turkish revolution since Kemal Ataturk's. Erdogan, in fact, would be as 
powerful as Ataturk, controlling the executive and legislative branches. He 
would gradually prevail upon the judiciary as well, because the president 
has the power to appoint members to the Constitutional Court and other 
key institutions. He would even be able to appoint all the presidents of 
Turkey's universities, because the universities are controlled by the 
Supreme Education Board, an institution that a military junta created in the 
1980s. (Turkey's generals, who devised a centralized and overarching state, 
naively believed this huge body would always remain in their hands.) 
Meanwhile, the media will probably feel the need to become more 
supportive of, or at least amenable to, the all-powerful president. 
In short, it seems to be Erdogan's game plan to rule Turkey for at least ten 
more years under a very centralized, if not personalized, presidential 
system. Of course, whether he will be able to do that is another question. 
He is not a dictator, so he needs to win votes. First, he needs to win the 
presidential elections in August and then consolidate power as 
president and win again five years later. 
Can he do all this? He probably can, especially if the economy 
flourishes and if the opposition continues to be incompetent. We will, of 
course, see. What is certain is that this will be one of the most impressive 
— and for some, worrying — experiments in political history. 
EFTA00988162
--- PAGE 29 ---
Mustafa Akyol is a columnist for Al-Monitor's Turkey Pulse and a 
columnist for Turkish Hurriyet Daily News and Star. His articles have also 
appeared in Foreign Affairs, Newsweek, The New York Times, The 
Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal and The Guardian. He is the 
author of  Islam Without Extremes: A Muslim Case for Liberty. 
Ankle 6. 
The Diplomat 
US-Japan Relations and Obama's Visit to Japan 
Yo-Jung Chen 
April 23, 2014 -- U.S. President Barack Obama's visit to Japan, which 
begins today, has been the subject of both excitement and anxiety. For the 
optimists, the first state visit to Japan by a U.S. president since Bill Clinton 
in 1996, will serve to reaffirm the strength of the U.S.-Japan alliance as 
well as of Japan's cherished privilege of being America's best friend in 
Asia, especially in the context of an increasingly volatile  geopolitical 
situation in this region. For the less optimistic observers, the mere fact that 
the strength of the alliance needs to be reaffirmed is in itself a worrying 
indication, given the unmistakable signs of glitches and cracks that have 
begun to appear. The unprecedented difficulty Japan had getting Obama to 
agree to a stopover in Tokyo during this tour of Asia is cited as a telltale 
sign of the unease that is beginning to permeate bilateral ties. 
Shifting Alliances in Asia 
Obama comes to Asia with a vital mission of reassuring both allies and 
adversaries of Uncle Sam's commitment to maintaining order in this part of 
the world. That will not be easy, since recent crises in Libya, Syria and 
Ukraine have only demonstrated how weary America has become of 
flexing its muscles — even when challenged. And in Asia especially, U.S. 
resolve is constantly being tested and challenged by China and North 
EFTA00988163
--- PAGE 30 ---
Korea. Be it in Northeast or Southeast Asia, Obama will be met with 
growing  doubt over America's commitment. This has led several countries 
to start reshuffling the cards of existing alliances. America itself, while 
asking its allies to beef up their defense against China, is at the same time 
seeking Beijing's cooperation in managing major international issues. 
South Korea, a traditional U.S. ally, is drawing closer to China in a move 
that, viewed from Washington, could threaten the solidarity of the U.S.-
Korea-Japan alliance, especially when this Sino-South Korean 
rapprochement is being partly fuelled by their shared anger at revisionist 
Japan. North Korea, too, has thrown out its traditional alliance with China 
and has shown signs of warming to Japan in what may jeopardize the 
outcome of the Chinese-led Six Party Talks over the North Korean nuclear 
issue. Meanwhile, the Ukraine crisis has raised the possibility of a strategic 
rapprochement between Russia and China in the developing context of a 
new Cold War. Taking an ambiguous stand on the Ukraine crisis, China 
will thus be able to play the "Russian card" to bargain for more U.S. 
concessions in the management of Asian affairs, for example in its 
simmering territorial feud with Japan. In the case of Japan, the uncertainty 
of U.S. resolve to defend the &puted Senkaku/Diao
against an 
eventual Chinese assault has been amplified in the past year by the 
uncomfortable feeling of growing U.S. coldness towards the rightwing 
nationalism of Shinzo Abe's leadership. This feeling of insecurity has 
motivated Abe's worldwide diplomatic drive in search of additional allies. 
Among others, this drive has led the Japanese leader to develop a 
particularly warm relationship with Russia's Vladimir Putin in the thinly 
veiled hope of securing Russian support in Japan's feud with China. In this 
changing geopolitical landscape in Asia, what can Obama and Abe expect 
from their talks in Tokyo? 
Patching up the Alliance 
Abe's most pressing concern is a reconfirmation of the solidity of the U.S.-
Japan alliance. This is all the more important because this solidity has 
faced some serious tests following growing U.S. nervousness with the 
regional tensions enflamed by Abe's display of overly nationalistic 
ideology. Irritation within the liberal Obama administration against the 
rightwing Japanese leader has been building ever since Abe returned to 
EFTA00988164
--- PAGE 31 ---
power in December 2012. The Japanese leader's visit to the controversial 
Yasukuni Shrine in December 2013 was yet another test of U.S. patience. 
With the developing cracks in the bilateral relationship, Abe actually risks 
going down in history as the postwar Japanese leader with the worst ties 
with America. This can be politically fatal in a country where personal ties 
with the U.S. president are seen as a critical asset for any leader. Besides 
the question of personal chemistry between Obama and Abe, the 
"discordance" surfacing within the alliance risks sending the wrong 
message to the Chinese, who are watching for any sign of weakness in 
U.S.-Japan relations which might help them contest Japan's sovereignty 
over the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands. Tokyo's priority will therefore be a joint 
declaration by the two leaders in reaffirming the healthy state of the 
alliance. Obama will no doubt grant this assurance, although it will be 
carefully worded to avoid the U.S. being automatically dragged into an 
open conflict between Japan and China over the disputed territory. In 
exchange, the Japanese leadership will be invited to keep quiet on sensitive 
matters (such as comfort women, the Tokyo Tribunal, and the Rape of 
Nanjing) that unnecessarily flame emotions in this volatile part of the 
world. Besides the U.S.-Japan relationship, the U.S. president will also be 
keen to patch up the U.S.-Japan-South Korea alliance, which has been 
badly damaged by the emotional feud between Seoul and Tokyo over 
Japan's attitude towards its wartime past. Obama has already used the 
"bait" of his stopover in Tokyo to force a reluctant Abe to swallow his 
hawkish nationalism in order to achieve a iperficial show of Japan-South 
Korea reconciliation prior to his visit to the two squabbling allies. One of 
his priorities now in Northeastern Asia is to maintain a strong U.S.-Japan-
South Korea alliance in the face of both China and North Korea. The last 
thing he needs is to see is this alliance further damaged by anachronistic 
obsessions that are untranslatable outside of Japan. 
Defense and Security 
No U.S.-Japan summit can pass without addressing Japan's role on security 
matters and its share of defense efforts in its alliance with America. The 
U.S. president will certainly appreciate the efforts deployed by Abe to shed 
Japan's Constitutional restraints on taking up a larger role in international 
security, thus relieving America of some of its burden. But with this 
EFTA00988165
--- PAGE 32 ---
appreciation, the U.S. president will also have to temper his Japanese ally's 
headlong rush to beef up its military capability, so as not to arouse 
unnecessary alarm in the region. The way Abe has strung the defense effort 
to an overdose of nationalism that has already caused alarm will make 
Obama's task all the more delicate. In welcoming Abe's Japan's more 
active role in international security, the U.S. president also needs to weigh 
the likelihood of the junior partner in the alliance trying to use this new 
leverage to emerge as an equal — and therefore more assertive — partner. 
Departing from the Postwar Regime? 
It is not certain that this topic will be taken up at the April 24 summit, but 
when meeting Abe, Obama will certainly bear in mind the latter's 
professed agenda of a "thparture from the postwar reginel ." Judging from 
the declarations of many in Abe's inner circle, this could mean a clear 
denial of the postwar order that America painstakingly built after the last 
world war, including the indictment of Japan's wartime deeds. The most 
visible element of this agenda is Japanese conservative politicians' 
insistence on honoring war criminals indicted by the American occupiers. 
In this sense, the notorious U.S. "disappointment" voiced following Abe's 
December visit to the Yasukuni Shrine can be seen as a first step taken by 
the U.S. to counter the revisionist trends in Japan. 
A Difficult Deal on TPP 
Japan's eagerness to patch up cracks in the sacrosanct U.S.-Japan alliance 
will be exploited by Obama to force Japanese concessions in the difficult 
en gotiations on the Trans-Pacific Economic Partnership. The economically 
embattled Obama, facing mid-term elections this year, needs to force Japan 
to open its protected market for farm products, while Abe had promised 
Japan's strong farming constituency that he would defend these 
"sanctuaries." Both leaders having staked their political survival on this 
issue, the prospect of a breakthrough now seems hopelessly remote. Here 
again, Japanese bargaining power has been weakened by Abe's 
controversial visit to the Yasukuni Shrine and the shadow it has cast over 
U.S.-Japan relations. Abe finds himself in a position of having to give more 
on TPP to court U.S. favor and repair the damage done to bilateral ties. 
EFTA00988166
--- PAGE 33 ---
Ukraine Crisis 
The two leaders will inevitably discuss the Ukraine crisis and its fallout. 
Understandably, Obama will press Abe for his unwavering loyalty to the 
G7 in condemning and sanctioning Russia, and Abe will attempt to save 
what he can of his newfound friendship with Vladimir Putin, who is 
scheduled to visit Japan this fall. Abe will be torn between his new 
Russian friendship (on which he counts to negotiate the return of the 
Northern islands occupied by the former Soviet Union as well the supply 
of badly needed Siberian natural gas) and the imperative of joining the 
U.S. in condemning the Russian land grab. There is good reason for Japan 
to fear the way the Russians got away with the annexation of Crimea: The 
impunity enjoyed by the Russians risks encouraging the Chinese to do the 
same with the Japanese-administered Senkaku/Diaoyu islands. 
On this issue, Obama will also have to move with care. Abe is currently the 
only G7 member to remain on relatively good terms with Putin. If Abe is to 
be forced to abandon this friendship, an isolated Russia would move 
towards China, taking the world one step closer to Cold War II. 
Reassuring Declarations 
The Obama-Abe summit in Tokyo will no doubt produce the anticipated 
reassuring declarations of undying friendship and rock-solid alliance 
between the two countries. Besides agreements in areas such as the TPP, 
regional security, Ukraine, and scientific cooperation, one of the most 
important aspects of this summit may be how the two leaders address the 
evident mutual mistrust that has emerged between them in the past year. 
On the one hand, Obama will need to understand the Japanese concern of 
being gradually supplanted by China on America's A-list. On the other, 
Abe should try to understand that the Japanese "proactive pacifism" he 
wants to sell to the world would be appreciated and welcomed only if 
denuded of the hawkish nationalism that has become his trademark and 
which, in America's view, is nothing more than troublemaking in the 
delicate politics of Asia. 
In this respect, it is worth noting that, during his very short stay, Obama 
will find time to visit the sprawling Meiji Shrine in Tokyo. Coming after 
EFTA00988167
--- PAGE 34 ---
the conspicuous October visit by his State secretary and Defense secretary 
to the secular Chidorigafuchi War Memorial, the U.S. president may want 
to subtly remind his Japanese hosts again what America, at the highest 
level, thinks of the controversial Yasukuni Shrine. 
The writer is a retired French diplomat. Born in Taiwan and educated in 
Vietnam and Japan, he has served in the French Foreign Ministry and in 
French diplomatic missions in Japan, the U.S.A, Singapore and China. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988168

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988169.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 13:24:06 +0000 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 9:18 AM 
Or call directly him ? 
> wrote: 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014, 
wrote: 
Sony for a stupid question but do I just call to their reception and ask for Patrick ? 
Do I just call him ? 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014, 
Yay, great thank you ! And thank you for articles ! Great stuff ! 
> wrote: 
On Thursday, April 24, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes to both. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 8:52 AM 
wrote: 
I miss ya ! Are you in town? 
Could I make an appt w Patrick today? And visit you ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988169
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988170

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988171.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Austin Hill
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 13:27:57 +0000 
how did the presentations go? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988171

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988172.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: David Stern
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 11:04:41 +0000 
david running late make it 2 oclock 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 12:14 PM, David Stem < 
wrote: 
Will be there 1:30 
On 15 Oct 2017, at 12:13, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
come at 130? great 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 11:48 AM, David Stem < 
wrote: 
Took earlier flight and just arrived 
Will be in hotel next to apartment from 1 pm. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00988172
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988173

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988174.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 16:59:09 +0000 
whats the real story, this isonly after warm washnclth 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 11:16 AM, 
Anything else I should say/ask/do/try not to do? 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00988174

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988175.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Larry Cohen
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 20:06:49 +0000 
do you mean circumsized 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 3:34 PM, Larry Cohen < 
> wrote: 
You think he knows I'm Jewish? 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988175

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988176.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Thorbjon Jagland
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 20:54:15 +0000 
212 772 9416 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 4:33 PM, Thorbjon Jagland < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, have you gone to an isolated monestary, tried to call you several times. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988176

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988177.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 21:47:56 +0000 
wheat happend , why are you not in boston? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988177

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988178.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: President
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 11:41:26 +0000 
is there any great hotel near BArd, ? does the terje proposal have legs. . ? the election in austria is today and 
the new prime minisiter a friend of his. . I know he is thinking of around 1.2 million to help ecu, and i know 
soros is cheap. . I have no dog in the fight. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988178

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988179.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation(Wginail.corn> 
>
To: Mir
Richard Kahn <1 
, behnbom
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 22:03:18 +0000 
25k stockholm school of ecomonics. barbro fund 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988179

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988180.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Thorbjon Jagland .5 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 22:14:52 +0000 
212 772 9416 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 4:33 PM, Thorbjean Jagland < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, have you gone to an isolated monestary, tried to call you several times. 
T 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988180

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988181.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: n
>
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hi Jeffrey 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 22:48:43 +0000 
Hi dear Jeffrey:) 
How are you? 
Jeffrey I just had a lunch with Barry. I told him that Fm really unhappy with my current modeling agency, that I 
don't have castings at all, and he told me that he'll try to help me to get into some other - better agency. 
He said the knows Faith Kates at NEXT and that he gonna write her about me.. Also he said that you know Faith 
as well and he told me to ask you to write her as well.. since she would listen to you. 
Please can you write Faith to see if she can meet me someday next week? 
Cause I really wanna switch into better agency. 
Thanks a lot in advance :) 
Sending my love, 
Polina 
EFTA00988181

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988182.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: Hi Jeffrey 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 22:53:12 +0000 
faith is in new york. 
I do not think it is likely as i was with her yesterday, and she told me she is not taking 
new girls 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 6:48 PM, 
> wrote: 
Hi dear Jeffrey:) 
How are you? 
Jeffrey I just had a lunch with Barry. I told him that I'm really unhappy with my current modeling agency, that 
I don't have castings at all, and he told me that he'll try to help me to get into some other - better agency. 
He said the knows Faith Kates at NEXT and that he gonna write her about me.. Also he said that you know 
Faith as well and he told me to ask you to write her as well.. since she would listen to you. 
Please can you write Faith to see if she can meet me someday next week? 
Cause I really wanna switch into better agency. 
Thanks a lot in advance :) 
Sending my love, 
Polina 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988182

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988183.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 11:43:26 +0000 
apples? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988183

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988184.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 22:54:08 +0000 
are you back? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988184

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988185.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Hi Jeffrey 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 22:55:30 +0000 
I see... Well thank you anyway... Ok - I'll try something else. 
2014-04-24 15:53 GMT-07:00 Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
faith is in new york. I do not think it is likely as i was with her yesterday, and she told me she is not taking 
new girls 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 6:48 PM 
> wrote: 
Hi dear Jeffrey:) 
How are you? 
Jeffrey I just had a lunch with Barry. I told him that I'm really unhappy with my current modeling agency, 
that I don't have castings at all, and he told me that he'll try to help me to get into some other - better 
agency. 
He said the knows Faith Kates at NEXT and that he gonna write her about me.. Also he said that you know 
Faith as well and he told me to ask you to write her as well.. since she would listen to you. 
Please can you write Faith to see if she can meet me someday next week? 
Cause I really wanna switch into better agency. 
Thanks a lot in advance :) 
Sending my love, 
Polina 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988185

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988186.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com>
To:' 
Subject: Re: Hi Jeffrey 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 22:56:26 +0000 
how can i help? i thought you were doing well? 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 6:55 PM, -
I see... Well thank you anyway... Ok - I'll try something else. 
 > wrote: 
2014-04-24 15:53 GMT-07:00 Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>:
faith is in new york. I do not think it is likely as i was with her yesterday, and she told me she is not 
taking new girls 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 6:48 PM, 
> wrote: 
Hi dear Jeffrey:) 
How are you? 
Jeffrey I just had a lunch with Barry. I told him that I'm really unhappy with my current modeling agency, 
that I don't have castings at all, and he told me that he'll try to help me to get into some other - better 
agency. 
He said the knows Faith Kates at NEXT and that he gonna write her about me.. Also he said that you 
know Faith as well and he told me to ask you to write her as well.. since she would listen to you. 
Please can you write Faith to see if she can meet me someday next week? 
Cause I really wanna switch into better agency. 
Thanks a lot in advance :) 
Sending my love, 
Polina 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988186
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988187

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988188.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To:
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:18:44 +0000 
i understand that sue is moving to los angeles 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988188

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988189.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hi Jeffrey 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:20:45 +0000 
I thought so too... at the beginning I was doing well... But since I got back from Ukraine at the end of March 
I literally got just a couple of bookings... 
And I don't have castings...that's the problem... and there are always some stupid excuses... or Oscar's parties... 
clients are busy...or Coachella - clients are busy... or something else... so I decided to leave this agency... 
And now I'm looking for some good agency with strong commercial board... 
Barry told me about NEXT - and I got so excited - I thought it could be a good chance for me.. but if you are 
saying "no" - there is not much I can do about NEXT then... 
And there is so many bad things happened to me since I got back from New Mexico... I broke up with my 
boyfriend - one evening I asked him to break up...but he didn't want... I slapped him on a face while we were 
fighting, cause he called me a slut (but I never cheated on him) - I tried to break up with him nicely... but he 
didn't want us to break up... so next morning he called the police and said that I assaulted him!!! Can you 
imagine999  . he said that he loves me to death and in 5 minutes cops knocked to our door!!! 
So I was dealing with police.. they really quickly found that he is insane psycho and they didn't let him sign the 
report, but they asked him to leave my apartment - cause this is my apartment and I was paying for it... 
I almost end up without my car... and furniture... cause he paid for it... 
And until now I'm still dealing with a lot of threats and bullshit... 
I paid him 5000 dollars to leave me alone... but he still didn't... 
So that's why I really disappointed with my agency... cause I don't have time to wait for castings... I need to 
work NOW!!! 
Cause I have to pay my bills... you know? 
And also Steve had been so weird - right after I got back from New Mexico I texted him let's meet up for lunch 
and he text me this: 
"Would love toe/ 
I miss you 
I'm curious...I'm single and I'm not sure if you have a boy friend right now. 
If you don't... have you thought about our friendship becoming anything more than that? 
I like you very much and feel comfortable asking you xx" 
Since then we still didn't see each other... and I don't think I gonna see him anymore.. I can't... seriously I 
CAN'T do this!!! 
I won't forgive myself... he'll just suck my youth without helping me... I know that... 
So I'm really kind of on the edge Jeffrey... 
I don't know what to do :((( 
EFTA00988189

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988190.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Hi Jeffrey 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:28:48 +0000 
terrible story, how can i help? 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:20 PM, 
> wrote: 
I thought so too... at the beginning I was doing well... But since I got back from Ukraine at the end of March 
I literally got just a couple of bookings... 
And I don't have castings...that's the problem... and there are always some stupid excuses... or Oscar's 
parties...clients are busy...or Coachella - clients are busy... or something else... so I decided to leave this 
agency... 
And now I'm looking for some good agency with strong commercial board... 
Barry told me about NEXT - and I got so excited - I thought it could be a good chance for me.. but if you are 
saying "no" - there is not much I can do about NEXT then... 
And there is so many bad things happened to me since I got back from New Mexico... I broke up with my 
boyfriend - one evening I asked him to break up...but he didn't want... I slapped him on a face while we were 
fighting, cause he called me a slut (but I never cheated on him) - I tried to break up with him nicely... but he 
didn't want us to break up... so next morning he called the police and said that I assaulted him!!! Can you 
imagine999  . he said that he loves me to death and in 5 minutes cops knocked to our door!!! 
So I was dealing with police.. they really quickly found that he is insane psycho and they didn't let him sign 
the report, but they asked him to leave my apartment - cause this is my apartment and I was paying for it... 
I almost end up without my car... and furniture... cause he paid for it... 
And until now I'm still dealing with a lot of threats and bullshit... 
I paid him 5000 dollars to leave me alone... but he still didn't... 
So that's why I really disappointed with my agency... cause I don't have time to wait for castings... I need to 
work NOW!!! 
Cause I have to pay my bills... you know? 
And also Steve had been so weird - right after I got back from New Mexico I texted him let's meet up for lunch 
and he text me this: 
"Would love tolg 
I miss you 
I'm curious...I'm single and I'm not sure if you have a boy friend right now. 
If you don't... have you thought about our friendship becoming anything more than that? 
I like you very much and feel comfortable asking you xx" 
Since then we still didn't see each other... and I don't think I gonna see him anymore.. I can't... seriously I 
CAN'T do this!!! 
I won't forgive myself... he'll just suck my youth without helping me... I know that... 
So I'm really kind of on the edge Jeffrey... 
I don't know what to do :((( 
please note 
EFTA00988190
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988191

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988192.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988192.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Mitchell
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 11:43:56 +0000 
status? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988192

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988193.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: :( 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:29:51 +0000 
doesn't she have a lease? 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:28 PM, 
wrote: 
Sorry, it is name of the owner of the building which os private. - he rents all the appts to people who lives 
here. 
Basically, they raised rent to 1,650$ and they want to sign one year lease. 
Thats why i have no idea what to do now. 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 7:25 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I don;t know what goldberg housing means. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:19 PM, 
I'm loosing the appt I found. 
wrote: 
The lady that lives here is under some Goldberg privately owned housig and they made her to raise the rent 
for 1,650$ per month and they want us to sign 1 year lease. 
I don't know what to do. It is actually beautiful appt, but I'm scared.. Wht if I wont e able to efford it during 
the whole year? :( 
Please, Jeff, can you give me the advice? I have no idea what to do :( :( :( 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988193
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988194

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988195.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.eom> 
To
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:30:06 +0000 
what happend at the test? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988195

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988196.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Hi Jeffrey 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:31:23 +0000 
read it , but do not respond 
From: 
Forwarded message  
Date: Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:20 PM 
Subject: Hi Jeffrey 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
I thought so too... at the beginning I was doing well... But since I got back from Ukraine at the end of March 
I literally got just a couple of bookings... 
And I don't have castings...that's the problem... and there are always some stupid excuses... or Oscar's parties... 
clients are busy...or Coachella - clients are busy... or something else... so I decided to leave this agency... 
And now I'm looking for some good agency with strong commercial board... 
Barry told me about NEXT - and I got so excited - I thought it could be a good chance for me.. but if you are 
saying "no" - there is not much I can do about NEXT then... 
And there is so many bad things happened to me since I got back from New Mexico... I broke up with my 
boyfriend - one evening I asked him to break up...but he didn't want... I slapped him on a face while we were 
fighting, cause he called me a slut (but I never cheated on him) - I tried to break up with him nicely... but he 
didn't want us to break up... so next morning he called the police and said that I assaulted him!!! Can you 
imagine999  . he said that he loves me to death and in 5 minutes cops knocked to our door!!! 
So I was dealing with police.. they really quickly found that he is insane psycho and they didn't let him sign the 
report, but they asked him to leave my apartment - cause this is my apartment and I was paying for it... 
I almost end up without my car... and furniture... cause he paid for it... 
And until now I'm still dealing with a lot of threats and bullshit... 
I paid him 5000 dollars to leave me alone... but he still didn't... 
So that's why I really disappointed with my agency... cause I don't have time to wait for castings... I need to 
work NOW!!! 
Cause I have to pay my bills... you know? 
And also Steve had been so weird - right after I got back from New Mexico I texted him let's meet up for lunch 
and he text me this: 
"Would love toO 
I miss you 
I'm curious...I'm single and I'm not sure if you have a boy friend right now. 
If you don't... have you thought about our friendship becoming anything more than that? 
I like you very much and feel comfortable asking you xx" 
Since then we still didn't see each other... and I don't think I gonna see him anymore.. I can't... seriously I 
CAN'T do this!!! 
I won't forgive myself... he'll just suck my youth without helping me... I know that... 
So I'm really kind of on the edge Jeffrey... 
I don't know what to do :((( 
EFTA00988196
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988197

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988198.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd::( 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:31:37 +0000 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:19 PM 
Subject: :( 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Pm loosing the appt I found. 
The lady that lives here is under some Goldberg privately owned housig and they made her to raise the rent for 
1,650$ per month and they want us to sign 1 year lease. 
I don't know what to do. It is actually beautiful appt, but I'm scared.. Wht if I wont e able to efford it during the 
whole year? :( 
Please, Jeff, can you give me the advice? I have no idea what to do :( :( :( 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988198

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988199.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Hi Jeffrey 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:32:03 +0000 
Well yea... Ask Faith is she can make one beautiful exception:))) lol 
2014-04-24 16:28 GMT-07:00 Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
terrible story, how can i help? 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:20 PM 
> wrote: 
I thought so too... at the beginning I was doing well... But since I got back from Ukraine at the end of March 
I literally got just a couple of bookings... 
And I don't have castings...that's the problem... and there are always some stupid excuses... or Oscar's 
parties...clients are busy...or Coachella - clients are busy... or something else... so I decided to leave this 
agency... 
And now I'm looking for some good agency with strong commercial board... 
Barry told me about NEXT - and I got so excited - I thought it could be a good chance for me.. but if you are 
saying "no" - there is not much I can do about NEXT then... 
And there is so many bad things happened to me since I got back from New Mexico... I broke up with my 
boyfriend - one evening I asked him to break up...but he didn't want... I slapped him on a face while we 
were fighting, cause he called me a slut (but I never cheated on him) - I tried to break up with him nicely... 
but he didn't want us to break up... so next morning he called the police and said that I assaulted him!!! Can 
you imagine???... he said that he loves me to death and in 5 minutes cops knocked to our door!!! 
So I was dealing with police.. they really quickly found that he is insane psycho and they didn't let him sign 
the report, but they asked him to leave my apartment - cause this is my apartment and I was paying for it... 
I almost end up without my car... and furniture... cause he paid for it... 
And until now I'm still dealing with a lot of threats and bullshit... 
I paid him 5000 dollars to leave me alone... but he still didn't... 
So that's why I really disappointed with my agency... cause I don't have time to wait for castings... I need to 
work NOW!!! 
Cause I have to pay my bills... you know? 
And also Steve had been so weird - right after I got back from New Mexico I texted him let's meet up for 
lunch and he text me this: 
"Would love toe 
I miss you 
I'm curious...I'm single and I'm not sure if you have a boy friend right now. 
If you don't... have you thought about our friendship becoming anything more than that? 
I like you very much and feel comfortable asking you xx" 
Since then we still didn't see each other... and I don't think I gonna see him anymore.. I can't... seriously I 
CAN'T do this!!! 
I won't forgive myself... he'll just suck my youth without helping me... I know that... 
So I'm really kind of on the edge Jeffrey... 
I don't know what to do :((( 
EFTA00988199
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988200

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988201.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: :( 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:33:38 +0000 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 7:31 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what is the exact address 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:19 PM, 
wrote: 
I'm loosing the appt I found. 
The lady that lives here is under some Goldberg privately owned housig and they made her to raise the rent 
for 1,650$ per month and they want us to sign 1 year lease. 
I don't know what to do. It is actually beautiful appt, but I'm scared.. Wht if I wont e able to efford it during 
the whole year? :( 
Please, Jeff, can you give me the advice? I have no idea what to do :( :( :( 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988201

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988202.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To. 
Subject: Re: Hi Jeffrey 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:34:10 +0000 
I will. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:32 PM 
> wrote: 
Well yea... Ask Faith is she can make one beautiful exception:))) lol 
2014-04-24 16:28 GMT-07:00 Jeffrey Epstein <jeealoki@gmail.com>:
terrible story, how can i help? 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:20 PM, Polina Sikorskaya < 
> wrote: 
I thought so too... at the beginning I was doing well... But since I got back from Ukraine at the end of 
March I literally got just a couple of bookings... 
And I don't have castings...that's the problem... and there are always some stupid excuses... or Oscar's 
parties...clients are busy...or Coachella - clients are busy... or something else... so I decided to leave this 
agency... 
And now I'm looking for some good agency with strong commercial board... 
Barry told me about NEXT - and I got so excited - I thought it could be a good chance for me.. but if you 
are saying "no" - there is not much I can do about NEXT then... 
And there is so many bad things happened to me since I got back from New Mexico... I broke up with my 
boyfriend - one evening I asked him to break up...but he didn't want... I slapped him on a face while we 
were fighting, cause he called me a slut (but I never cheated on him) - I tried to break up with him 
nicely... but he didn't want us to break up... so next morning he called the police and said that I assaulted 
him!!! Can you imagine???... he said that he loves me to death and in 5 minutes cops knocked to our 
door!!! 
So I was dealing with police.. they really quickly found that he is insane psycho and they didn't let him 
sign the report, but they asked him to leave my apartment - cause this is my apartment and I was paying 
for it... 
I almost end up without my car... and furniture... cause he paid for it... 
And until now I'm still dealing with a lot of threats and bullshit... 
I paid him 5000 dollars to leave me alone... but he still didn't... 
So that's why I really disappointed with my agency... cause I don't have time to wait for castings... I need 
to work NOW!!! 
Cause I have to pay my bills... you know? 
And also Steve had been so weird - right after I got back from New Mexico I texted him let's meet up for 
lunch and he text me this: 
"Would love top 
I miss you 
I'm curious...I'm single and I'm not sure if you have a boy friend right now. 
If you don't... have you thought about our friendship becoming anything more than that? 
I like you very much and feel comfortable asking you xx" 
Since then we still didn't see each other... and I don't think I gonna see him anymore.. I can't... seriously I 
CANT do this!!! 
EFTA00988202
--- PAGE 2 ---
I won't forgive myself... he'll just suck my youth without helping me... I know that... 
So I'm really kind of on the edge Jeffrey... 
I don't know what to do :((( 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988203

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988204.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Hi Jeffrey 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:35:02 +0000 
Thank you so much dear... 
2014-04-24 16:34 GMT-07:00 Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
I will. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:32 PM 
Well yea... Ask Faith is she can make one beautiful exception:))) lol 
2014-04-24 16:28 GMT-07:00 Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
terrible story, how can i help? 
> wrote: 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:20 PM, Polina Sikorskaya < 
wrote: 
I thought so too... at the beginning I was doing well... But since I got back from Ukraine at the end of 
March I literally got just a couple of bookings... 
And I don't have castings...that's the problem... and there are always some stupid excuses... or Oscar's 
parties...clients are busy...or Coachella - clients are busy... or something else... so I decided to leave 
this agency... 
And now I'm looking for some good agency with strong commercial board... 
Barry told me about NEXT - and I got so excited - I thought it could be a good chance for me.. but if 
you are saying "no" - there is not much I can do about NEXT then... 
And there is so many bad things happened to me since I got back from New Mexico... I broke up with 
my boyfriend - one evening I asked him to break up...but he didn't want... I slapped him on a face while 
we were fighting, cause he called me a slut (but I never cheated on him) - I tried to break up with him 
nicely... but he didn't want us to break up... so next morning he called the police and said that 
I assaulted him!!! Can you imagine???... he said that he loves me to death and in 5 minutes cops 
knocked to our door!!! 
So I was dealing with police.. they really quickly found that he is insane psycho and they didn't let him 
sign the report, but they asked him to leave my apartment - cause this is my apartment and I was paying 
for it... 
I almost end up without my car... and furniture... cause he paid for it... 
And until now I'm still dealing with a lot of threats and bullshit... 
I paid him 5000 dollars to leave me alone... but he still didn't... 
So that's why I really disappointed with my agency... cause I don't have time to wait for castings... I 
need to work NOW!!! 
Cause I have to pay my bills... you know? 
And also Steve had been so weird - right after I got back from New Mexico I texted him let's meet up 
for lunch and he text me this: 
"Would love toO 
I miss you 
I'm curious...I'm single and I'm not sure if you have a boy friend right now. 
If you don't... have you thought about our friendship becoming anything more than that? 
EFTA00988204
--- PAGE 2 ---
I like you very much and feel comfortable asking you xx" 
Since then we still didn't see each other... and I don't think I gonna see him anymore.. I can't... 
seriously I CANT do this!!! 
I won't forgive myself... he'll just suck my youth without helping me... I know that... 
So I'm really kind of on the edge Jeffrey... 
I don't know what to do :((( 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988205

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988206.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Paul Morris c:a. 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: [C] 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:36:07 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Classification: Confidential 
Hope the meeting went well, I'll check in tomorrow. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA00988206

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988207.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: :( 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:38:37 +0000 
She is suppose to sign the lease today with the owner. 
That's why she needs to know if I can pay and stay for a year. Because she cant effor to pay the whole rent ( 
3,300$) by her self. She wants to make sure, I will stay. 
She seems trust worthy, it is the owner who pushes on her and she need to make her decision today. Otherwise 
she is going to move, because she can efford to pay by her self for this. 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 7:35 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
does not make sense . she eitther has a current lease or not. if so , why does she have to cahnge it, 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:33 PM, 
wrote: 
Yes, but she wants to sigh lease with me as well, to be sure she won't have to pay by herself if I ran or 
whatever. 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 7:29 PM, Jeffrey Epstein lea@gmail.com>
 wrote: 
doesn't she have a lease? 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:28 PM, 
wrote: 
Sorry, it is name of the owner of the building which os private. - he rents all the appts to people who lives 
here. 
Basically, they raised rent to 1,650$ and they want to sign one year lease. 
Thats why i have no idea what to do now. 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 7:25 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I don;t know what goldberg housing means. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:19 PM, 
I'm loosing the appt I found. 
wrote: 
The lady that lives here is under some Goldberg privately owned housig and they made her to raise 
the rent for 1,650$ per month and they want us to sign 1 year lease. 
I don't know what to do. It is actually beautiful appt, but I'm scared.. Wht if I wont e able to efford it 
during the whole year?:( 
EFTA00988207
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please, Jeff, can you give me the advice? I have no idea what to do :( :( :( 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988208

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988209.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: :( 
Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2014 23:39:55 +0000 
She has been living here for 4 years already. Signing the leases every near. Now is to time to sign new one.. 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 7:35 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
does not make sense . she eitther has a current lease or not. if so , why does she have to cahnge it, 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:33 PM, 
wrote: 
Yes, but she wants to sigh lease with me as well, to be sure she won't have to pay by herself if I ran or 
whatever. 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 7:29 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
doesn't she have a lease? 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:28 PM, 
wrote: 
Sorry, it is name of the owner of the building which os private. - he rents all the appts to people who lives 
here. 
Basically, they raised rent to 1,650$ and they want to sign one year lease. 
Thats why i have no idea what to do now. 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 7:25 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I don;t know what goldberg housing means. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:19 PM, 
I'm loosing the appt I found. 
wrote: 
The lady that lives here is under some Goldberg privately owned housig and they made her to raise 
the rent for 1,650$ per month and they want us to sign 1 year lease. 
I don't know what to do. It is actually beautiful appt, but I'm scared.. Wht if I wont e able to efford it 
during the whole year?:( 
Please, Jeff, can you give me the advice? I have no idea what to do :( :( :( 
EFTA00988209
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988210

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988211.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 00:46:52 +0000 
please send photos that we took at crate and bane; 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 8:12 PM, 
Hello Jeffrey 
What time tomorrow ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jmS®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00988211

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988212.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: :( 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 00:51:22 +0000 
if she currenity has a lease , they cannot ask her to leave. you cannot agree to stay a year. she told you one 
month secuity and one month rent. that is what you can do. . if it is 1650 instead of 15 ok. but that is all you 
can do. at your age. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:48 PM, 
wrote: 
Sony for bothering you with this.. but you are the only one I can rationaly disscuss with 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 7:35 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
does not make sense . she eitther has a current lease or not. if so , why does she have to cahnge it, 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:33 PM, 
wrote: 
Yes, but she wants to sigh lease with me as well, to be sure she won't have to pay by herself if I ran or 
whatever. 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 7:29 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
doesn't she have a lease? 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:28 PM, 
wrote: 
Sorry, it is name of the owner of the building which os private. - he rents all the appts to people who 
lives here. 
Basically, they raised rent to 1,650$ and they want to sign one year lease. 
Thats why i have no idea what to do now. 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 7:25 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I don;t know what goldberg housing means. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:19 PM, 
I'm loosing the appt I found. 
> wrote: 
The lady that lives here is under some Goldberg privately owned housig and they made her to raise 
the rent for 1,650$ per month and they want us to sign 1 year lease. 
I don't know what to do. It is actually beautiful appt, but I'm scared.. Wht if I wont e able to efford 
it during the whole year? :( 
EFTA00988212
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please, Jeff, can you give me the advice? I have no idea what to do :( :( :( 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988213
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988214

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988215.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Chris Riesbeck 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Chris meet Jeffrey 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 00:59:34 +0000 
Yes ... 
Sent from my iPad 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 7:48 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ok will call at 9 easternn home? 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:47 PM, Chris Riesbeck < 
wrote: 
Was in transit home for dinner. Still try for this evening? If so, 8pm central / 9 eastern would be good 
Sent from my iPad 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 5:52 PM, Jeffrey Epstein 1 
eN
ea@gmail.com> wrote: 
is now for phone ok? 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 6:25 PM, Chris Riesbeck 
> wrote: 
whichever you prefer 
skyping works best in my office (no good private space at home) so it would be during business hours 
(8:30 to 5:30 Central) for me. ID = ckriesbeck 
hone an time, but then ou don't see my charming visage. my office # is 
and cell is 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 5:05 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
talk or skype? 
, home is • 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 2:22 PM, Chris Riesbeck < 
wrote: 
Hi, Jeffrey 
First thing will be to get you a student account so you can access our courses. I'll initiate that. 
The other thing will be setting up some time to talk. Except for Tuesdays, my schedule is usually 
pretty open 
EFTA00988215
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 1:12 PM, Roger < 
> wrote: 
Chris will start you off with simple stuff and switch you to mobile as soon as you are ready 
Talk to each other 
Roger 
Sent from my iPhone 
Chris Riesbeck 
Home Page: http://www.cs.northwestem.edu/--riesbeck 
Calendar: http://www.cs.northwestern.edui—riesbeckicalendar.html 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Chris Riesbeck 
Home Page: http://www.cs.northwestem.edukriesbeck 
Calendar: http://www.cs.northwestem.edu/--riesbeck/calendar.html 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988216
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988217

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988218.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: roger schank 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 01:39:25 +0000 
spent 30 minutes with chris, . 
roger. you know i have both great affection and respect for you. 
i hope 
annie enjoyed the morning,  
 to be told that i can't begin until i go out and buy the standard textbook read 
the first two chapters and if i have questions doing the excercises i should contact chris . was s000000000 
ridiculous , only to be outdone by having to watch silly videos that no kid in history would sit through. 
not 
exciting , not interactive, I am shocked. sorry, I will try however to continue but I can't believe this is what 
you have been talking about. the web pages are badly designed,  ugly, not intuitve, 
tabs up on top, along 
the side, having to switch to go back to resources, . terms defined right out of other bad text books. . i asked 
chris to explain to me the difference between doing this and going to a class and he said there are no grades i 
will only tell you if you did well on the project wilthout a grade. and guide you to do better if you did not do 
well 999999??99999999'199999999???99997/9”9999?99???9999999979999
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988218

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988219.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: roger schank 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 01:41:28 +0000 
I don't want to upset you. but there is absolutiely nothihg to recommend. it. nothing. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988219

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988220.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 01:43:14 +0000 
is still not picking up. Did you speak to her? 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00988220

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988221.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern <EIMINI=> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Alex Allard 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 12:10:42 +0000 
Attachments: MATARAZZO MASTER_IM_6_OCT FINAL.pdf 
Want to meet Alex with you this evening if you have time. 
Great for P 
EFTA00988221

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988222.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 01:43:27 +0000 
find alina scheudl see if she is free at 10 am. if not tell 
to bring valerina 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988222

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988223.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 01:53:54 +0000 
Texted both. 
should be free - the problem - she doesn't answer her phone when at work. Not allowed. Hope 
she doesn't have runny nose anymore also 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 9:43 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
find 
scheudl see if she is free at 10 am. if not tell Mto bring 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988223

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988224.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: roger schank 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:05:02 +0000 
annie liked it a great deal; much appreciated 
we have built hundreds of courses; of many different kinds; depends on the material how they work; 
programming requires a textbook because it isnt intuitive --- there are precise rules to follow 
I didnt really think you wanted to learn to program; there is no other way to learn it thatn learn the rules and try it 
out 
we could teach you search engine optimization; more logical 
you are right about the web pages; we are redesigning as we speak; it is an old interface 
there are no grades? he should have said there are no lectures and there is help as you need it; 
take a different course, but none of the ones in the last decade are what I described when we first met; we had 
much less money to spend when we began to be funded by commercial interests (post dot corn bust); they were 
more fun (but no better pedagogically) then 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 9:39 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
spent 30 minutes with chris, . 
roger. you know i have both great affection and respect for you. 
i hope 
annie enjoyed the morning,  
 to be told that i can't begin until i go out and buy the standard textbook read 
the first two chapters and if i have questions doing the excercises i should contact chris . was s000000000 
ridiculous , only to be outdone by having to watch silly videos that no kid in history would sit through. 
not 
exciting , not interactive, I am shocked. sorry, I will try however to continue but I can't believe this is what 
you have been talking about. the web pages are badly designed,  ugly, not intuitve, 
tabs up on top, along 
the side, having to switch to go back to resources, . terms defined right out of other bad text books. . i 
asked chris to explain to me the difference between doing this and going to a class and he said there are no 
grades i will only tell you if you did well on the project wilthout a grade. and guide you to do better if you did 
not do well  99999999999???9999999999999999999999999997999999999999999999
EFTA00988224
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988225

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988226.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: roger schank 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:05:40 +0000 
except you will be programming in a couple of weeks 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 9:41 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I don't want to upset you. but there is absolutiely nothihg to recommend. it. nothing. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988226

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988227.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic •tt
ina> 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com)" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: FW: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:07:17 +0000 
I am slowly telling all prospective LPs that I talked to that a deal w Yuri is not happening. 
So far I am getting a good feedback - see below. 
Also from Lemann 
They are all telling me that they are in a deal because of me - not because of Yuri. 
I still will need a huge help to pull it off. 
B 
Original Message 
From: Cenk Aydin [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 2:48 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing unless you 
feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden. 
I am going to have the President's office sponsor your trip, so we get to spend time together. 
Warm regards, 
Cenk 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00988227

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988228.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: roger schank 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:15:45 +0000 
and the differeence in reading the old school book and trying it out.? . with a tutor. ? I am goign to conitinue 
because I can't believe it. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:05 PM, roger schank 
> wrote: 
except you will be programming in a couple of weeks 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 9:41 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I don't want to upset you. but there is absolutiely nothihg to recommend. it. nothing. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988228
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988229

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988230.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: Re: FW: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:18:29 +0000 
my tooth is going to be pulled tomorrow and begin an 8 months process of implant. . 
I spoke to larry , who 
repeated his ststaements to you re yuri, . you need to find two or three companies to invest in asap 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:07 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
wrote: 
I am slowly telling all prospective LPs that I talked to that a deal w Yuri is not happening. 
So far I am getting a good feedback - see below. 
Also from Lemann 
They are all telling me that they are in a deal because of me - not because of Yuri. 
I still will need a huge help to pull it off. 
B 
Original Message-----
From: Cenk Aydin [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 2:48 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing unless 
you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden. 
I am going to have the President's office sponsor your trip, so we get to spend time together. 
Warm regards, 
Cenk 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00988230
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988231

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988232.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nowak, Martin"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:18:40 +0000 
http://www.complexity.org.uk/people/shama-rahman/ 
http://shamaralunan.bandcamp.com 
https://www.youtubc.com/watch?v=QgQ992vAvrc 
dear jeffrey 
i just talked to an interesting young woman from london: shama rahman. 
she is at the interface of neuroscience, music and performing art. 
please see above links. the youtube video shows her singing. quite cool. 
she has an album on "time' . 
she will be in new york next week. 
would you like to meet her? 
could be amusing. 
best wishes 
martin 
EFTA00988232

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988233.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:22:03 +0000 
wjat time skype? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988233

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988234.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Shaher Abdulhak
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:22:35 +0000 
do you think you will be in paris next week or the foloowing week 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988234

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988235.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacationqvmail.com> 
< 
>n 
To: ann rodriquez < 
 . Jimmy Fraguela 
Richard Kahn 
, Daphne Wallace 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 12:12:52 +0000 
water , electric. on both LSJ AND GSJ. with filters. every worker can have clean water to drink.. and 
shower. . fuel tanks.. hangar ? . boats? repair. STC repair. 
we need a punchlist so everuyone knows their 
job. . 
new awnning fabric for flagpole as well as new flagpoles 
info center roof. repair and paint 
no photos yet of new beach 
jimmy to advise on cottage re - do. tunnel move.. extend five palms. cabana floors. doors . balconies. 
railings? 
dock rebuild to new design 
quanset huts GSJ. solar power GSJ. generators GSJ. r?o GSJ 
landscape lights. solar batteries and lights 
tents? 
get sheds rebuilt and expanded . LSJ 
rebuild sundial, grotto new design. pool at bottom. 
pebble beach . concrete. etc 
g 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988235

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988236.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:22:44 +0000 
do you think you will be in paris next week or the foloowing week 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988236

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988237.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988237.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: FW: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:23:31 +0000 
So sorry man! 
This sucks. I have two implants and they were not easy. 
B 
I do not want to bother you right now with more of Boris tooth damage inducing. 
But how will 2-3 deal help me with a fund? I will spend their commitment of 20M and then I really do not have much. 
How I will then start a fund or join a fund? For these types of deals it take few years to become liquid. I am searching for 
a deals — but I am doing only once that are exceptional. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:18 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
my tooth is going to be pulled tomorrow and begin an 8 months process of implant. . 
I spoke to larry , who 
repeated his ststaements to you re yuri, . you need to find two or three companies to invest in asap 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:07 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
> wrote: 
I am slowly telling all prospective LPs that I talked to that a deal w Yuri is not happening. 
So far I am getting a good feedback - see below. 
Also from Lemann 
They are all telling me that they are in a deal because of me - not because of Yuri. 
I still will need a huge help to pull it off. 
B 
Original Message 
From: Cenk Aydin [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 2:48 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
EFTA00988237
--- PAGE 2 ---
As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing unless 
you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden. 
I am going to have the President's office sponsor your trip, so we get to spend time together. 
Warm regards, 
Cenk 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988238

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988239.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988239.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Danielsiad 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:23:54 +0000 
do you have any photos to send me. ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988239

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988240.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: FW: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:30:51 +0000 
So you are telling me that my ONLY way forward is to find 2-3 deals? 
You do not see other options? 
If I still try to pull the fund, will you come as LP? 
How much would you come in? 
I really need a know where to stand. 
Did you have chance to see NLV term sheet. For better or worst — there are all very similar (to DST as well). It does take a 
different type of investor 
Did you talk to Larry re DAF? 
I am getting so many calls re this — every day as the meeting is approaching. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:27 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
Im not sure now that the fund idea is going to work. too much time has passed. . too much hair on it.  
 that 
also seems to be cenk s thought. . 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:23 PM, Boris Nikolic c 
So sorry man! 
This sucks. I have two implants and they were not easy. 
B 
wrote: 
I do not want to bother you right now with more of Boris tooth damage inducing. 
But how will 2-3 deal help me with a fund? I will spend their commitment of 20M and then I really do not have much. 
How I will then start a fund or join a fund? For these types of deals it take few years to become liquid. I am searching 
for a deals — but I am doing only once that are exceptional. 
EFTA00988240
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:18 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
my tooth is going to be pulled tomorrow and begin an 8 months process of implant.. 
I spoke to larry , who 
repeated his ststaements to you re yuri, . you need to find two or three companies to invest in asap 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:07 PM, Boris Nikolic 
> wrote: 
I am slowly telling all prospective LPs that I talked to that a deal w Yuri is not happening. 
So far I am getting a good feedback - see below. 
Also from Lemann 
They are all telling me that they are in a deal because of me - not because of Yuri. 
I still will need a huge help to pull it off. 
B 
Original Message-----
From: Cenk Aydin [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 2:48 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing unless 
you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden. 
I am going to have the President's office sponsor your trip, so we get to spend time together. 
Warm regards, 
Cenk 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988241
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988242

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988243.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988243.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: FW: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:33:13 +0000 
Somebody told something to Yuri. 
And I will find out soon. 
I feel that this is one of the worst blows of my life (in addition to last summer) that I will never forget. 
Is it Hussein? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comJ 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:18 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
my tooth is going to be pulled tomorrow and begin an 8 months process of implant. . 
I spoke to larry , who 
repeated his ststaements to you re yuri, . you need to find two or three companies to invest in asap 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:07 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
> wrote: 
I am slowly telling all prospective LPs that I talked to that a deal w Yuri is not happening. 
So far I am getting a good feedback - see below. 
Also from Lemann 
They are all telling me that they are in a deal because of me - not because of Yuri. 
I still will need a huge help to pull it off. 
B 
Original Message 
From: Cenk Aydin [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 2:48 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing unless 
you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden. 
I am going to have the President's office sponsor your trip, so we get to spend time together. 
Warm regards, 
Cenk 
EFTA00988243
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988244

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988245.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988245.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: FW: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:34:38 +0000 
This is not Cenk thinking — he even called me to tell me that. 
And he asked if he can be my partner. 
Unfortunately he can't as he is not a VC and lives in Turkey 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:27 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
Im not sure now that the fund idea is going to work. too much time has passed. . too much hair on it.  
 that 
also seems to be cenk s thought. . 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:23 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
So sorry man! 
This sucks. I have two implants and they were not easy. 
B 
wrote: 
I do not want to bother you right now with more of Boris tooth damage inducing. 
But how will 2-3 deal help me with a fund? I will spend their commitment of 20M and then I really do not have much. 
How I will then start a fund or join a fund? For these types of deals it take few years to become liquid. I am searching 
for a deals — but I am doing only once that are exceptional. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:18 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
my tooth is going to be pulled tomorrow and begin an 8 months process of implant.. 
I spoke to larry , who 
repeated his ststaements to you re yuri, . you need to find two or three companies to invest in asap 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:07 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
> wrote: 
I am slowly telling all prospective LPs that I talked to that a deal w Yuri is not happening. 
So far I am getting a good feedback - see below. 
Also from Lemann 
EFTA00988245
--- PAGE 2 ---
They are all telling me that they are in a deal because of me - not because of Yuri. 
I still will need a huge help to pull it off. 
B 
----Original Message-----
From: Cenk Aydm [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 2:48 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing unless 
you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden. 
I am going to have the President's office sponsor your trip, so we get to spend time together. 
Warm regards, 
Cenk 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00988246
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988247

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988248.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jimmy Fraguela  
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 12:29:16 +0000 
Will be working on cottage and huts. 
If we can make a list of jobs prioritize. 
Will start work schedule. 
Will give me idea of work force needed. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 15, 2017, at 8:12 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
water , electric. on both LSJ AND GSJ. with filters. every worker can have clean water to drink.. and 
shower. . fuel tanks.. hangar ? . boats? repair. STC repair. 
we need a punchlist so everuyone knows 
their job. . 
new awnning fabric for flagpole as well as new flagpoles 
info center roof. repair and paint 
no photos yet of new beach 
jimmy to advise on cottage re - do. tunnel move. . extend five palms. cabana floors. doors . balconies. 
railings? 
dock rebuild to new design 
quanset huts GSJ. solar power GSJ. generators GSJ. r?o GSJ 
landscape lights. solar batteries and lights 
tents? 
get sheds rebuilt and expanded . LSJ 
rebuild sundial, grotto new design. pool at bottom. 
pebble beach . concrete. etc 
g 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988248

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988249.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: Re: FW: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:54:01 +0000 
he wrtoe that he wouldnt jump into the fund thingl . don't know if it si hussein , Ian osboume? who cares? 
i am in as long as the right partnr. no new leaf. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:34 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
This is not Cenk thinking — he even called me to tell me that. 
And he asked if he can be my partner. 
Unfortunately he can't as he is not a VC and lives in Turkey 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:27 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
> wrote: 
Im not sure now that the fund idea is going to work. too much time has passed. . too much hair on it.  
that also seems to be cenk s thought. . 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:23 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
So sorry man! 
This sucks. I have two implants and they were not easy. 
B 
I do not want to bother you right now with more of Boris tooth damage inducing. 
wrote: 
But how will 2-3 deal help me with a fund? I will spend their commitment of 20M and then I really do not have 
much. How I will then start a fund or join a fund? For these types of deals it take few years to become liquid. I am 
searching for a deals — but I am doing only once that are exceptional. 
EFTA00988249
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:18 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
my tooth is going to be pulled tomorrow and begin an 8 months process of implant.. 
I spoke to larry , who 
repeated his ststaements to you re yuri, . you need to find two or three companies to invest in asap 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:07 PM, Boris Nikolic 
> wrote: 
I am slowly telling all prospective LPs that I talked to that a deal w Yuri is not happening. 
So far I am getting a good feedback - see below. 
Also from Lemann 
They are all telling me that they are in a deal because of me - not because of Yuri. 
I still will need a huge help to pull it off. 
B 
----Original Message 
From: Cenk Aydm [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 2:48 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing 
unless you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden. 
I am going to have the President's office sponsor your trip, so we get to spend time together. 
Warm regards, 
Cenk 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00988250
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jee
zioil®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988251
--- PAGE 4 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988252

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988253.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 02:56:26 +0000 
> On Apr 24, 2014, at 9:17 PM, "Ada Clapp" < 
> wrote: 
> Rich-Elizabeth, 
> Let's discuss this with Larry on Monday. The list Elizabeth sent was a list she prepared for me before you 
joined the family office. It details the provisions of the pledge agreements and joint purchase agreements 
between Leon and the various museums. I have not yet reviewed it against the actual documents so I would 
rather she not circulate it as her descriptions of the provisions may not be accurate. 
> I would like to discuss this project with Lany (and of course, Eileen if she wishes to be involved). It seems to 
me that these are legal documents and require an assessment of Leon's obligation (and the obligation of Leon's 
estate or Debra's estate) to give the works to the museums at some point in the future. We need to know which 
are legally binding on his estate, in some cases, to obtain the completed paperwork and ensure that Leon 
complies with the terms of each agreement. There are also issues in connection with making fractional interest 
gifts of art that need to be looked into. This project does not really have to do with numbers or inventorying the 
assets involved (you have already done that), so it does not seem to fall within your job segmentation as Jeffrey 
described it today. 
> If Larry agrees that I should manage this project, I will certainly circulate the list once I have confirmed its 
accuracy. If Larry feels that this is a project you should manage, then I am more than happy to give you the list 
Elizabeth created and let you review it against the legal documents yourself. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988253

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988254.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: FW: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 03:00:47 +0000 
He wrote "As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing 
unless you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden." 
He was referring that I need to be comfortable with a structure/partner. 
I was thinking of both. I DO care and will find out one day. 
Why would you not back me with NLV? Just curious? 
You told me three 3-4 times that you would not back me in DSThealth with Yuri. 
Are their terms similar? 
Most importantly — would you back me if I go by myself and a smaller fund (100M) if I would park it 
somewhere good? 
Thank you 
Boris 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:54 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
he wrtoe that he wouldnt jump into the fund thingl . don't know if it si hussein , Ian osbourne? who cares? 
i am in as long as the right partnr. no new leaf. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:34 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
> wrote: 
This is not Cenk thinking — he even called me to tell me that. 
And he asked if he can be my partner. 
Unfortunately he can't as he is not a VC and lives in Turkey 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:27 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
Im not sure now that the fund idea is going to work. too much time has passed. . too much hair on it.  
that also seems to be cenk s thought. . 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:23 PM, Boris Nikolic 
> wrote: 
So sorry manl 
EFTA00988254
--- PAGE 2 ---
This sucks. I have two implants and they were not easy. 
B 
I do not want to bother you right now with more of Boris tooth damage inducing. 
But how will 2-3 deal help me with a fund? I will spend their commitment of 20M and then I really do not have 
much. How I will then start a fund or join a fund? For these types of deals it take few years to become liquid. I am 
searching for a deals — but I am doing only once that are exceptional. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:18 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
my tooth is going to be pulled tomorrow and begin an 8 months process of implant.. I spoke to larry , who 
repeated his ststaements to you re yuri, . you need to find two or three companies to invest in asap 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:07 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
wrote: 
I am slowly telling all prospective LPs that I talked to that a deal w Yuri is not happening. 
So far I am getting a good feedback - see below. 
Also from Lemann 
They are all telling me that they are in a deal because of me - not because of Yuri. 
I still will need a huge help to pull it off. 
B 
-----Original Message 
From: Cenk Aydin [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 2:48 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing 
unless you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden. 
I am going to have the President's office sponsor your trip, so we get to spend time together. 
Warm regards, 
Cenk 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00988255
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988256

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988257.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988257.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: Re: FW: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 03:13:24 +0000 
yes of course. i will. boris . you need to take a breath. relax, 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 11:00 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
> wrote: 
He wrote "As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing 
unless you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden." 
He was referring that I need to be comfortable with a structure/partner. 
I was thinking of both. I DO care and will find out one day. 
Why would you not back me with NLV? Just curious? 
You told me three 3-4 times that you would not back me in DSThealth with Yuri. 
Are their terms similar? 
Most importantly — would you back me if 1 go by myself and a smaller fund (100M) if 1 would park it 
somewhere good? 
Thank you 
Boris 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:54 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
EFTA00988257
--- PAGE 2 ---
he wrtoe that he wouldnt jump into the fund thingl . don't know if it si hussein , Ian osboume? who 
cares? 
i am in as long as the right partnr. no new leaf. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:34 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
This is not Cenk thinking — he even called me to tell me that. 
And he asked if he can be my partner. 
Unfortunately he can't as he is not a VC and lives in Turkey 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:27 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
wrote: 
lm not sure now that the fund idea is going to work. too much time has passed.. too much hair on it.  
that also seems to be cenk s thought. . 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:23 PM, Boris Nikolic 
So sorry man! 
> wrote: 
This sucks. I have two implants and they were not easy. 
B 
I do not want to bother you right now with more of Boris tooth damage inducing. 
But how will 2-3 deal help me with a fund? I will spend their commitment of 20M and then I really do not have 
much. How I will then start a fund or join a fund? For these types of deals it take few years to become liquid. I 
am searching for a deals — but I am doing only once that are exceptional. 
EFTA00988258
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:18 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
my tooth is going to be pulled tomorrow and begin an 8 months process of implant. . I spoke to larry , 
who repeated his ststaements to you re yuri, . you need to find two or three companies to invest in asap 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:07 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
> wrote: 
I am slowly telling all prospective LPs that I talked to that a deal w Yuri is not happening. 
So far I am getting a good feedback - see below. 
Also from Lemann 
They are all telling me that they are in a deal because of me - not because of Yuri. 
I still will need a huge help to pull it off. 
B 
Original Message 
From: Cenk Aydin [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 2:48 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing 
unless you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden. 
I am going to have the President's office sponsor your trip, so we get to spend time together. 
Warm regards, 
Cenk 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
EFTA00988259
--- PAGE 4 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.corn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988260
--- PAGE 5 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988261

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988262.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: Re: FW: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 03:21:22 +0000 
appendizx 2 is the onlhy thig that matters net return to investros. marginal , and quite low. buyin the stock 
index woudl way out perform their recent results. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 11:00 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
> wrote: 
He wrote "As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing 
unless you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden." 
He was referring that I need to be comfortable with a structure/partner. 
I was thinking of both. I DO care and will find out one day. 
Why would you not back me with NLV? Just curious? 
You told me three 3-4 times that you would not back me in DSThealth with Yuri. 
Are their terms similar? 
Most importantly — would you back me if I go by myself and a smaller fund (100M) if I would park it 
somewhere good? 
Thank you 
Boris 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:54 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
EFTA00988262
--- PAGE 2 ---
he wrtoe that he wouldnt jump into the fund thingl . don't know if it si hussein , Ian osboume? who 
cares? 
i am in as long as the right partnr. no new leaf. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:34 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
This is not Cenk thinking — he even called me to tell me that. 
And he asked if he can be my partner. 
Unfortunately he can't as he is not a VC and lives in Turkey 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:27 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
wrote: 
lm not sure now that the fund idea is going to work. too much time has passed.. too much hair on it.  
that also seems to be cenk s thought. . 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:23 PM, Boris Nikolic 
So sorry man! 
> wrote: 
This sucks. I have two implants and they were not easy. 
B 
I do not want to bother you right now with more of Boris tooth damage inducing. 
But how will 2-3 deal help me with a fund? I will spend their commitment of 20M and then I really do not have 
much. How I will then start a fund or join a fund? For these types of deals it take few years to become liquid. I 
am searching for a deals — but I am doing only once that are exceptional. 
EFTA00988263
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:18 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
my tooth is going to be pulled tomorrow and begin an 8 months process of implant. . I spoke to larry , 
who repeated his ststaements to you re yuri, . you need to find two or three companies to invest in asap 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:07 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
> wrote: 
I am slowly telling all prospective LPs that I talked to that a deal w Yuri is not happening. 
So far I am getting a good feedback - see below. 
Also from Lemann 
They are all telling me that they are in a deal because of me - not because of Yuri. 
I still will need a huge help to pull it off. 
B 
Original Message 
From: Cenk Aydin [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 2:48 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing 
unless you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden. 
I am going to have the President's office sponsor your trip, so we get to spend time together. 
Warm regards, 
Cenk 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
EFTA00988264
--- PAGE 4 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.corn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988265
--- PAGE 5 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988266

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988267.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: FW: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 03:23:13 +0000 
You are right re something — I am beyond tensed and stressed. 
I feel like that all what I worked my whole career is destroyed and there is no path forward. 
To remind you, I (stupidly) did not work for money in my life - I worked for career and now I have none. 
I feel that someone set me up a big time. And I am not sure why. 
I am not getting any options. And you are telling me the same — and this is when I am really in danger. I am afraid I will 
lose it. Perhaps the somewhat good thing is that I do not have much to lose. 
h 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 11:13 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
yes of course. i will. boris . you need to take a breath. relax, 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 11:00 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
> wrote: 
He wrote "As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing 
unless you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden." 
He was referring that I need to be comfortable with a structure/partner. 
I was thinking of both. I DO care and will find out one day. 
Why would you not back me with NLV? Just curious? 
You told me three 3-4 times that you would not back me in DSThealth with Yuri. 
Are their terms similar? 
Most importantly — would you back me if I go by myself and a smaller fund (100M) if I would park it 
somewhere good? 
Thank you 
Boris 
EFTA00988267
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:54 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
he wrtoe that he wouldnt jump into the fund thing) . don't know if it si hussein , Ian osbourne? who 
cares? 
i am in as long as the right partnr. no new leaf. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:34 PM, Boris Nikolic 
> wrote: 
This is not Cenk thinking — he even called me to tell me that. 
And he asked if he can be my partner. 
Unfortunately he can't as he is not a VC and lives in Turkey 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:27 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: 
1m not sure now that the fund idea is going to work. too much time has passed. . too much hair on it.  
that also seems to be cenk s thought. . 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:23 PM, Boris Nikolic <
IMe 
wrote: 
So sorry man I 
This sucks. I have two implants and they were not easy. 
B 
I do not want to bother you right now with more of Boris tooth damage inducing. 
But how will 2-3 deal help me with a fund? I will spend their commitment of 20M and then I really do not have 
much. How I will then start a fund or join a fund? For these types of deals it take few years to become liquid. I 
am searching for a deals — but I am doing only once that are exceptional. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacationagmail.coml 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 10:18 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
I Subject: Re: FW: 
my tooth is going to be pulled tomorrow and begin an 8 months process of implant.. 
I spoke to larry , 
who repeated his ststaements to you re yuri, . you need to find two or three companies to invest in asap 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:07 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
wrote: 
EFTA00988268
--- PAGE 3 ---
I am slowly telling all prospective LPs that I talked to that a deal w Yuri is not happening. 
So far I am getting a good feedback - see below. 
Also from Lemann 
They are all telling me that they are in a deal because of me - not because of Yuri. 
I still will need a huge help to pull it off. 
B 
-----Original Message 
From: Cenk Aydin [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2014 2:48 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
As I said, I am behind you 100% in all ventures. If I were you, I would not jump into the fund thing 
unless you feel fully comfortable. Patience is golden. 
I am going to have the President's office sponsor your trip, so we get to spend time together. 
Warm regards, 
Cenk 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00988269
--- PAGE 4 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988270

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988271.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Mitchell
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 12:59:55 +0000 
Linksman of Bridge has ok'd the deal, wants to upsize it a bit, will stay within existing structure 
Will get his investment committee to agree tomorrow, ( He hopes) 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
801 Madison Avenue 
New York NY 10065 
USA 
1212-486-4444 
On Oct 15, 2017, at 5:43 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
status? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988271

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988272.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daniel
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Here is one of them Samantha 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 08:56:28 +0000 
lane-Images: image.jpeg 
Hello Jeffrey 
Here is one of them and she would like to travel to New York 
http://www.upmodels.fr/mobile/newfaces/videos/91 
years old 
SAMANTHAHEIGHT 1,76m - 5'9.5 BUST 90cm - 35 WAIST 58cm 23 HIPS 89cm - 35 
SHOES 39 - 7.5 EYES Blue HAIR Brown 
2,imagejpeg 
Daniel siad 
On 25 Apr 2014, at 04:23, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
do you have any photos to send me. ? 
please note 
EFTA00988272
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988273

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988274.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daniel
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hello from Paris 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 09:11:07 +0000 
I have other to meet but no pictures yet 
Best regards 
Daniel siad 
On 25 Apr 2014, at 04:23, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
do you have any photos to send me. ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988274

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988275.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: roger schank 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 10:15:53 +0000 
Attachments: Short_Courses_with_Duration_130107.docx 
at some point when you learn to code you need to learn what is in the book 
only our coding courses look like that (while you are learning the language) 
take another course; they dont look that way 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 10:15 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
and the differeence in reading the old school book and trying it out.? . with a tutor. ? I am goign to 
conitinue because I can't believe it. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:05 PM, roger schank 
except you will be programming in a couple of weeks 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 9:41 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
> wrote: 
I don't want to upset you. but there is absolutiely nothihg to recommend. it. nothing. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988275
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
roger schank 
CEO Socratic Arts 
john evans professor emeritus, northwestern university 
EFTA00988276

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988277.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: roger schank 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 10:35:00 +0000 
learning from experience is best done in simulation first; when it matters money has been spent on god 
simulations (air flight; tanks fighting etc); we have built what we call social (as oppose to physical) simulation 
for business and military -- it is how I make a living); they are not physical experiences, and keeping costs down 
is always an issue, but they seem real enough 
but computer science is very different; if you want to build something in CS there is nothing to simulate since the 
computer is doing that naturally; you are already in the real environment; the computer speaks a language and 
you must learn it; 
if I wanted to teach you a foreign language (which I have done too) I could put you in that country in simulation 
and you could try talking; still to start you would need to learn some words first; our language programs assumed 
you knew some already but you dont know any HTML; so you must learn it first; since books have done this, we 
hae no need to replicate them; so this not representative of what we usually build; we already have a computer 
that speaks he langguage; we dont already have a simulated medical or legal environment for example so we 
would have to build it and then we could throw you in 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 10:15 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
and the differeence in reading the old school book and trying it out.? . with a tutor. ? I am goign to 
conitinue because I can't believe it. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:05 PM, roger schank 
> wrote: 
except you will be programming in a couple of weeks 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 9:41 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I don't want to upset you. but there is absolutiely nothihg to recommend. it. nothing. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988277
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
roger schank 
CEO Socratic Arts 
john evans professor emeritus. northwestern university 
EFTA00988278

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988279.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <a 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Celt 
Fontanilla 
menvin dela cruz 
Subject: Schedule 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 10:40:53 +0000 
Jo.° fontanilla 
FrL April 1  2014 NY 
12:00pm Appt w/Rich and Darren 
3:30-6:00pm Appt w/Dr Magnani (
) Take Music/Headphones 
JOJO TO DRIVE YOU 
6:30pm TENTATIVE Appt wiles Staley 
IF YOU WANT TO DO THIS, JES IS AVAILABLE 
EFTA00988279

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988280.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Annie Schank 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Yesterday 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 12:26:31 +0000 
Jeffrey 
Thank you very much for the visit and tour of your home yesterday. What a fabulous place to call home. I have a 
bit of a photographic memory so I will literally never forget the experience. It was very kind of you to take the 
time and be so personal. 
Something you said touched me and I will never forget it. "I wanted to wake up in that painting everyday". 
Roger sometimes makes fun of how important objects and home decor are to me but after hearing you say that I 
know I'm not alone and not crazy! What a cool and poignant thing to say. It must be incredible to know you have 
no limits on living your dreams. 
Annie Schank 
EFTA00988280

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988281.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Thorbjon Jagland .y 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 12:38:03 +0000 
i tried to call , im on my cell. 212 533 3739 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 4:33 PM, Thorbjon Jagland < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, have you gone to an isolated monestary, tried to call you several times. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988281

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988282.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Joslin
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: IR-2014-56: With 131 Million Returns Filed, Millions of Amended Returns Expected 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 13:04:49 +0000 
timing of filing and fly under radar may be propitious due to flurry of others amending 
------- Forwarded message --------
From: IRS Newswire <irs@service.govdelivery.com>
Date: Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 8:59 AM 
Subject: IR-2014-56: With 131 Million Returns Filed, Millions of Amended Returns Expected 
To: 
Bookmark 
Issue Number: IR-2014-56 
News 
Essentials 
What's Rut 
B&W:a 
IRS
Susie* 
fI
Guidarte 
Media 
Contacts 
Facts & 
Figures 
Problem 
Alerts 
Around The 
Nation 
p-News 
Subscriptions 
The 
Newsroom 
Topics 
Tax Tim 
2012
Radio PSAs 
Fact Shelia 
Inside This Issue 
With 131 Million Returns Filed, Millions of Amended Returns Expected 
WASHINGTON —As of April 18, almost 46 million returns were e-filed from home computers, more than the 
total from home computers for all of 2013. The IRS has received more than 131 million returns, of which 88 
percent were e-filed. 
The IRS also projects that almost 5 million taxpayers will amend their returns by filing Form 1040X during 2014. 
Taxpayers who need to amend their returns should file this form only after filing the original return. Generally, for 
a credit or refund, taxpayers must file Form 1040X within 3 years, including extensions, after the date they filed 
their original return or within 2 years after the date they paid the tax, whichever is later. For most people, this 
means that returns for tax-year 2011 or later can still be amended. 
This year, many same-sex couples may want to consider filing amended returns. A same sex couple, legally 
married in a state or foreign country that recognizes their marriage, is now considered married for tax purposes. 
This is true regardless of whether or not the couple lives in a jurisdiction that recognizes same-sex marriage. 
For returns originally filed before Sept. 16, 2013, legally married same sex couples have the option of filing 
amended return to change their filing status to married filing separately or married filing jointly. But they are not 
required to change their filing status on a prior return, even if they amend that return for another reason. In either 
case, their amended return must be consistent with the filing status they have chosen. Further details are available 
on 1RS.gpi. 
As all amended returns must be filed on paper, allow up to 12 weeks for Form 1040X to be processed. Starting 3 
weeks after filing their amended returns, taxpayers can use the "Where's My Amended Tax Return?" tool on 
IRS.gov to check the status. 
[The filing season statistics table follows.] 
-30-
EFTA00988282
--- PAGE 2 ---
Armed 
Forces 
2014 FILING SEASON STATISTICS 
that 
Relief 
Crams/ 
C (minima 
Alerts 
a /ski:has
IRS 
Resources 
Compliance 
Enforcement 
SanlasLirrix 
J oral Office 
Filing 
Qptiong 
Forms & 
Pubs 
Fremally 
Asked 
)tt.
rns 
News 
Taxpaysr 
Advocate 
Where to 
File 
12$ Snrjj 
Media 
Cumulative statistics comparing 4/19/13 and 4/18/14 
Individual Income Tax 
Returns: 
2013 
2014 
% Change 
Total Receipts 
130,203,000 
131,170,000 
0.7 
Total Processed 
120,737,000 
125,604,000 
4.0 
E-filing Receipts: 
TOTAL 
112,665,000 
115,969,000 
2.9 
Tax Professionals 
69,474,000 
69,992,000 
0.7 
Self-prepared 
43,191,000 
45,977,000 
6.5 
Web Usage: 
Visits to IRS.gov 
296,468,446 
269,820,598 
-9.0 
Total Refunds: 
Number 
93,839,000 
94,809,000 
1.0 
Amount 
$249.489 billion 
$254.702 billion 
2.1 
Average refund 
$2,659 
$2,686 
Direct Deposit Refunds: 
Number 
76,135,000 
76,714,000 
0.8 
Amount 
$217.189 billion 
$217.657 billion 
0.2 
Average refund 
$2,853 
$2,837 
-0.5 
Rack to Tug 
Thank you for subscribing to the IRS Newswire, an IRS e-mail service. 
If you know someone who might want to subscribe to this mailing list, please forward this message to them so they can subscribe. 
This message was distributed automatically from the mailing list IRS Newswire. Please Do Not Reply To Thls Message. 
Update your subscriptions, modify your password or email address, or stop subscriptions at any time on your Crihcerihort 
Preferences Page. You will need to use your email address to log in. If you have questions or problems with the subscription 
service, please contact
This service is provided to you at no charge by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). 
Bus email was sent to 
20535 
by. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Internal Revenue SetViCe • 1111 Canetutico Ave. 
M
.
•
Wastinglon DC 
! -,— Powered 1331 
GovDelivery 
EFTA00988283

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988284.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Mitchell
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 13:26:26 +0000 
and fund? when? 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 2:59 PM, David Mitchell < 
wrote: 
Linksman of Bridge has ok'd the deal, wants to upsize it a bit, will stay within existing structure 
Will get his investment committee to agree tomorrow, ( He hopes) 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
801 Madison Avenue 
New York NY 10065 
SU A 
1212-4864444 
On Oct 15, 2017, at 5:43 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
status? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988284
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988285

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988286.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 13:12:49 +0000 
Got Lesley's message, getting ready and coming ASAP 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00988286

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988287.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Julia <I 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 13:32:26 +0000 
come soon 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988287

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988288.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 13:46:32 +0000 
Lloyd, Ian. Build Your Own Website The Right Way Using HTML & CSS. SitePoint. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988288

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988289.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Mitchell 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 13:27:09 +0000 
He knows next week 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
801 Madison Avenue 
New York NY 10065 
USA 
1212-486-4444 
On Oct 15, 2017, at 7:26 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
and fund? when? 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 2:59 PM, David Mitchell <1 
> wrote: 
Linksman of Bridge has ok'd the deal, wants to upsize it a bit, will stay within existing structure 
Will get his investment committee to agree tomorrow, ( He hopes) 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
801 Madison Avenue 
New York NY 10065 
I.J$A 
1212-486-4444 
On Oct 15, 2017, at 5:43 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
status? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00988289
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988290

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988291.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: Call List 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 13:46:42 +0000 
Michael Fowler: 
Michael is available anytime...if he could have a heads up to when you will call would be good so he makes sure 
to be in a quiet place. 
Bruce Galloway: 
cell 
EFTA00988291

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988292.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Bamaby Marsh 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 13:47:10 +0000 
would like to speak re matching . i would like to start as soon as we can 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988292

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988293.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 13:47:26 +0000 
skype? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988293

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988294.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:14:28 +0000 
do we have a vehilce to fund. or should i just use ped 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988294

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988295.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: roger schank 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:16:39 +0000 
A book written in 06. . boring beyond belief. how about showing kids what the final web page should / could 
look like on first page. no interactive . roger this is nuts. I am slogging through and I am motivated. kahn 
academy far exceeds this, far. and they suck big time 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 6:35 AM, roger schank 
> wrote: 
learning from experience is best done in simulation first; when it matters money has been spent on god 
simulations (air flight; tanks fighting etc); we have built what we call social (as oppose to physical) simulation 
for business and military -- it is how I make a living); they are not physical experiences, and keeping costs 
down is always an issue, but they seem real enough 
but computer science is very different; if you want to build something in CS there is nothing to simulate since 
the computer is doing that naturally; you are already in the real environment; the computer speaks a language 
and you must learn it; 
if I wanted to teach you a foreign language (which I have done too) I could put you in that country in 
simulation and you could try talking; still to start you would need to learn some words first; our language 
programs assumed you knew some already but you dont know any HTML; so you must learn it first; since 
books have done this, we hae no need to replicate them; so this not representative of what we usually build; we 
already have a computer that speaks he langguage; we dont already have a simulated medical or legal 
environment for example so we would have to build it and then we could throw you in 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 10:15 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
and the differeence in reading the old school book and trying it out.? . with a tutor. '? 1 am goign to 
conitinue because I can't believe it. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:05 PM, roger schank 
> wrote: 
except you will be programming in a couple of weeks 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 9:41 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I don't want to upset you. but there is absolutiely nothihg to recommend. it. nothing. 
EFTA00988295
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
roger schank 
CEO Socratic Arts 
john evans professor emeritus, northwestern university 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00988296
--- PAGE 3 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988297

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988298.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: roger schank
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:18:47 +0000 
i tried to call im on 212 772 9416 for the next ten ninutes 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988298

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988299.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Valeria Chomsky < 
>, Noam Chomsky 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 13:30:02 +0000 
did deborah respond? are you guys still in cambridge? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988299

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988300.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joi Ito czni
> 
To: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:19:53 +0000 
Can we set up a new vehicle? 
On Apr 25, 2014, at 10:14 , Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> do we have a vehilce to fund. or should i just use ped 
> --
> please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
EFTA00988300

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988301.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito .1 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:20:40 +0000 
212 772 9416 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 10:20 AM, Joi Ito .1 
I> wrote: 
Isn't PED a part of Harvard? 
On Apr 25, 2014, at 10:14 , Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> do we have a vehilce to fund. or should i just use ped 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988301

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988302.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
>, Bella Klein 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:22:19 +0000 
not sure what you mean , I have agreed to pay for all , school houseing skype? now? 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 10:21 AM, 
> wrote: 
can't contact you more than a week :( Sony that Pm constantly bothering you, feeling guilty but it's really very 
urgent for me. Any answer would be better than no answer, cause I'm worrying. 
I went to Samarkand from Tashkent to my parent's house to apply for a visa etc by my resident address . and 
can't stand here no more , and I'm stuck for so many days because can't offer a passport office my evidences 
and payments from school. 
that is it. 
avec soin, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988302

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988303.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito <, 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:23:09 +0000 
ok, we can do tomoonv , I am starting the extraction of my tooth. this afternoon. 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 10:21 AM, Joi Ito < 
> wrote: 
I'll try to call, but sort of back to back 15-30 meetings for the next few hours... 
On Apr 25, 2014, at 10:20 , Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
> 212 772 9416 
> On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 10:20 AM, Joi Ito 
> wrote: 
> Isn't PED a part of Harvard? 
> On Apr 25, 2014, at 10:14 , Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
>> 
> do we have a vehilce to fund. or should i just use ped 
please note 
>> 
> The information contained in this communication is 
>> 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
>> 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> > the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> > Jeffrey Epstein 
> > Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> > communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
>> 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
>> 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
>> 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
> > destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
>> 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00988303
--- PAGE 2 ---
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988304

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988305.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: soon yi previn < 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:23:58 +0000 
thought about walking to sothebys around 11 1130 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988305

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988306.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Paul Morris <1 
Subject: Re: [C] 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:29:14 +0000 
call now 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:36 PM, Paul Morris 
Classification: Confidential 
Hope the meeting went well, I'll check in tomorrow. 
> wrote: 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988306

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988307.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:30:51 , 0000 
faith no 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988307

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988308.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:31:23 +0000 
sorry to hear 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988308

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988309.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: bellaklein  
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:31:49 +0000 
Attachments: 3233828_inv.pdf 
Jeffrey, 
The due date for 
tuition balance to the New York Film Academy is 6/13/2014 in the amount of $4,950. 
It can be paid directly to the school immediately, 
will need $3900 for the hotel and $1500 for food and supplies expenses for the 6 weeks in Paris. Please 
confirm I should wire $5400 to her personal account today. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
The housing info for 6 weeks in Paris is below: 
Hotel Adagio Montmarte 
Place Charles Dullin, 75018 Paris, France 
The cost will be $3,900 and does not include food. 
We suggest students bring $250 per week you are stain with us for food etc... 
The invoice for NY Film Academy attached. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: '1 
Date: April 16, 2014 8:07:38 AM EDT 
To: Bella Klein 
Hi, Bella. 
Don't you know the approximate date, when the payment check of NYFA studies and housing could come to 
my hands, so I could attach it to apply for a visa. 
I've done everything else needed besides it since got your money transfer a week ago. 
thank you. 
EFTA00988309
--- PAGE 2 ---
avec soh? 
EFTA00988310

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988311.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: bellaklein 
>, ■ 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:32:45 +0000 
yes 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 10:31 AM, bellaklein < 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
The due date for 
tuition balance to the New York Film Academy is 6/13/2014 in the amount of 
$4,950. It can be paid directly to the school immediately, 
will need $3900 for the hotel and $1500 for food and supplies expenses for the 6 weeks in Paris. 
Please confirm I should wire $5400 to her personal account today. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
The housing info for 6 weeks in Paris is below: 
Hotel Adagio Montmarte 
Place Charles Dullin, 75018 Paris, France 
The cost will be $3,900 and does not include food. 
We suggest students bring $250 per week you are stain with us for food etc...
The invoice for NY Film Academy attached. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: ' 
Date: April 16, 2014 8:07:38 AM EDT 
To: Bella Klein 
Hi, Bella. 
Don't you know the approximate date, when the payment check of NYFA studies and housing could come 
to my hands, so I could attach it to apply for a visa. 
I've done everything else needed besides it since got your money transfer a week ago. 
EFTA00988311
--- PAGE 2 ---
thank you. 
avec soin, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988312

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988313.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ==.
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Jes Staley 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:48:00 +0000 
Rosa in Jes Staley's office is asking if you can see Jes tonight at 6:30...please advise. 
EFTA00988313

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988314.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Jes Staley 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:51:01 +0000 
yes, with the cavet see how i feel after my tooth extraction 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 10:48 AM, 
> wrote: 
Rosa in Jes Staley's office is asking if you can see Jes tonight at 6:30...please advise. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to j
I®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988314

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988315.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Pics 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:52:00 +0000 
Attachments: imagejpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg; image(4).jpeg; image(5).jpeg; 
image(6)jpeg; image(7).jpeg; image(8).jpeg 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: 2014-04-24 20:52 GMT-04:00 
Subject: Pics 
To: Jeffrey Epstein
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988315

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988316.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 13:45:39 +0000 
i will see you friday. . the following friday i would like you to take off so thurs night you can fly to palm beach 
and you and i can spend the weekend , just us two 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988316

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988317.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Pics 2 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:52:17 +0000 
Attachments: imagejpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg; image(4).jpeg; image(5).jpeg 
Forwarded message 
From: 
ezi 
Date: Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 8:53 PM 
Subject: Pics 2 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988317

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988318.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Pics 3 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:52:35 +0000 
Attachments: imagejpeg; image(1)jpeg; image(2).jpeg; image(3).jpeg; image(4).jpeg 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 8:54 PM 
Subject: Pics 3 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeealps@gmail.com> 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988318

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988319.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Melanie Spinella ca> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 14:59:42 +0000 
ok 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 10:58 AM, Melanie Spinella  
> wrote: 
12:30 is fine — ok? 
Melanie Spinella I Apollo Management 
9West 57th Street, New York, New York 10019 
212 515 3320 Lan 
t IM) 515 3261 (Fax) 
Executive Assistant to Leon D. Black 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988319

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988320.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: soon yi previn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 15:05:31 +0000 
I would love to. 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone 
On Apr 25, 2014, at 10:24 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
thought about walking to sothebys around 11 1130 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988320

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988321.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: roger schank 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Chris Riesbeck 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 15:10:07 +0000 
actually chris agrees with you 
this is an old course as you surmised 
you could do intro to mobile app dev instead 
chris? 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Chris Riesbeck < 
Date: April 25, 2014 10:28:13 AM EDT 
To: roger schank 
Subject: Re: 
I'm not surprised. All the points you're making are right but his gut feeling isn't going to change. A web page is 
a web page. Adding a video here and there doesn't make it feel like a simulation. 
I think the web page has the right stuff-- emails with tasks, behind-the-task support, general resources, and a 
place to submit work -- but it doesn't feel like a simulation because it's all there all at once. There's no "ready 
to start? - yes - bing! you've got mail!" to both focus attention and introduce the sense of action. 
I think we can do better without a lot of work. Maybe in Hana's revamp Hana? I can help but not full time. I 
have 2 classes starting this week, in software development, with a lot of mentoring. 
New design (old content): 
• When you, a student, first start a task, all you see is a mentor box asking "are you ready?" 
• You click yes. Your simulated in-box appears, then bing! new email arrives. 
• You open and read the email. You click Acknowledge. 
• A mentor box appears. It briefly summarizes the tasks. You click "I got it." 
o Later, we should add "I got questions" 
EFTA00988321
--- PAGE 2 ---
• The mentor box now says "I've got some tips for this task. Also there's stuff you should read up on." The 
tabs for plan of attack and resources appear. They're highlighted until you click them the first time. 
After this point, things look the way they do now. This only happens when you first start each a task. When you 
return you can review the emails and the other tabs without going through the stages. 
This should also improve demoing. 
This is after 10 minutes thought, mostly while driving to work 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 5:36 AM, roger schank 
> wrote: 
fyi 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: roger schank < 
Date: April 25, 2014 6:35:00 AM EDT 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.corn>
Subject: Re: 
learning from experience is best done in simulation first; when it matters money has been spent on god 
simulations (air flight; tanks fighting etc); we have built what we call social (as oppose to physical) 
simulation for business and military -- it is how I make a living); they are not physical experiences, and 
keeping costs down is always an issue, but they seem real enough 
but computer science is very different; if you want to build something in CS there is nothing to simulate 
since the computer is doing that naturally; you are already in the real environment; the computer speaks a 
language and you must learn it; 
if I wanted to teach you a foreign language (which I have done too) I could put you in that country in 
simulation and you could try talking; still to start you would need to learn some words first; our language 
programs assumed you knew some already but you dont know any HTML; so you must learn it first; since 
books have done this, we hae no need to replicate them; so this not representative of what we usually build; 
we already have a computer that speaks he langguage; we dont already have a simulated medical or legal 
environment for example so we would have to build it and then we could throw you in 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 10:15 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
and the di ffereence in reading the old school book and trying it out.? . with a tutor. ? I am goign to 
conitinue because I can't believe it. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:05 PM, roger schank 
> wrote: 
except you will be programming in a couple of weeks 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
EFTA00988322
--- PAGE 3 ---
On Apr 24, 2014, at 9:41 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I don't want to upset you. but there is absolutiely nothihg to recommend. it. nothing. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
roger schank 
CEO Socratic Arts 
john evans professor emeritus, northwestern university 
EFTA00988323
--- PAGE 4 ---
roger schank 
CEO Socratic Arts 
john evans professor emeritus, northwestern university 
Chris Riesbeck 
Home Page: http://www.cs.northwestem.edut-riesbeck 
Calendar: http://www.cs.northwestem.eduktiesbeck/calendar.html 
EFTA00988324

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988325.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: roger schank 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 15:12:54 +0000 
decided you are right; we will fix it 
The course has been updated by we did use it at grandview prep (if you remember that) 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
On Apr 25, 2014, at 10:18 AM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
i tried to call im on 212 772 9416 for the next ten ninutes 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988325

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988326.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Greg Wyler"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Need a banker 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 15:15:37 +0000 
Jimmy's Mobile? 
On Apr 25, 2014 8:07 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 11:06 AM, Greg Wyler < 
> wrote: 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988326

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988327.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Paul Morris <1 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: [C] 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 15:16:00 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Classification: Confidential 
Just spoke with susan, are u on cell? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: 04/25/2014 10:29 AM AST 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: [C] 
call now 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:36 PM, Paul Morris 
Classification: Confidential 
Hope the meeting went well, I'll check in tomorrow. 
> wrote: 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988327
--- PAGE 2 ---
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA00988328

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988329.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: roger schank 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 15:23:20 +0000 
fyi 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Chris Riesbeck < 
Date: April 25, 2014 11:21:58 AM EDT 
To: roger schank 
Subject: Re: 
depends what he does with the task. the first few are just getting some HTML to work (this is an intro course) 
and if you're careful, that's not a lot to screw up, though some do. then you get to adding styles and links and 
things get complicated to get wrong 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 10:19 AM, roger schank 
> wrote: 
actually he will want that critique 
after the first one things will change; he didnt get that you were going to do that 
question is how long does it take for him to get to that point? 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
On Apr 25, 2014, at 11:14 AM, Chris Riesbeck wrote: 
what can I say? HTML for desktop hasn't changed. the book has virtually all 5 star ratings,is short, and 
complete enough. 
EFTA00988329
--- PAGE 2 ---
the mobile web app book is from 2011 but it's not for HTML beginners 
this is a losing battle IMO 
he wants to learn programming to have fun. he's exactly the kind of person who should just visit the video 
places. he doesn't want a new career. he doesn't want to be a professional 
he certainly won't want to be critiqued and told his code sucks 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 10:05 AM, roger schank 
> wrote: 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: April 25, 2014 10:16:39 AM EDT 
To: roger schank  
Subject: Re: 
A book written in 06. . boring beyond belief. how about showing kids what the final web page should 
/ could look like on first page. no interactive . roger this is nuts. I am slogging through and I am 
motivated. kahn academy far exceeds this, far. and they suck big time 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 6:35 AM, roger schank 
> wrote: 
learning from experience is best done in simulation first; when it matters money has been spent on 
god simulations (air flight; tanks fighting etc); we have built what we call social (as oppose to 
physical) simulation for business and military -- it is how I make a living); they are not physical 
experiences, and keeping costs down is always an issue, but they seem real enough 
but computer science is very different; if you want to build something in CS there is nothing to 
simulate since the computer is doing that naturally; you are already in the real environment; the 
computer speaks a language and you must learn it; 
if I wanted to teach you a foreign language (which I have done too) I could put you in that country in 
simulation and you could try talking; still to start you would need to learn some words first; our 
language programs assumed you knew some already but you dont know any HTML; so you must 
learn it first; since books have done this, we hae no need to replicate them; so this not representative 
of what we usually build; we already have a computer that speaks he langguage; we dont already 
have a simulated medical or legal environment for example so we would have to build it and then we 
could throw you in 
EFTA00988330
--- PAGE 3 ---
On Apr 24, 2014, at 10:15 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
and the differeence in reading the old school book and trying it out.? . with a tutor. ? I am goign 
to conitinue because I can't believe it. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:05 PM, roger schank 
> wrote: 
except you will be programming in a couple of weeks 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 9:41 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
I don't want to upset you. but there is absolutiely nothihg to recommend. it. nothing. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00988331
--- PAGE 4 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
roger schank 
CEO Socratic Arts 
john evans professor emeritus, northwestern university 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Chris Riesbeck 
Home Page: http://www.cs.northwestern.edui-riesbeck 
Calendar: http://www.cs.northwestem.edui—riesbeckkalendantitrol 
Chris Riesbeck 
Home Page: http://www.cs.northwestem.edut-riesbeck 
Calendar: http://www.cs.northwestem.edui--riesbeck/calendathtml 
EFTA00988332

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988333.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988333.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: roger schank 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 15:23:41 +0000 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Chris Riesbeck  
Date: April 25, 2014 11:19:58 AM EDT 
To: roger schank 
Cc: Hana Schank 
Subject: Re: 
he'll still hate it, I predict 
he doesn't like the static pages (I agree there), he doesn't like being on the job (which makes sense, it's not his 
goal to be there) 
he'll still object to the use of books 
he'll hate the real but simple tasks he starts on with Java for Android. and does he have an Android phone? if 
not, he'll object to it not be iPhone with Objective-C 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 10:08 AM, roger schank 
> wrote: 
dont think you should do this 
can we start him on app development? 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
EFTA00988333
--- PAGE 2 ---
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Chris Riesbeck < 
Date: April 25, 2014 10:28:13 AM EDT 
To: roger schank 
Subject: Re: 
I'm not surprised. All the points you're making are right but his gut feeling isn't going to change. A web 
page is a web page. Adding a video here and there doesn't make it feel like a simulation. 
I think the web page has the right stuff -- emails with tasks, behind-the-task support, general resources, and 
a place to submit work -- but it doesn't feel like a simulation because it's all there all at once. There's no 
"ready to start? - yes - bing! you've got mail!" to both focus attention and introduce the sense of action. 
I think we can do better without a lot of work. Maybe in Hana's revamp Hana? I can help but not full time. I 
have 2 classes starting this week, in software development, with a lot of mentoring. 
New design (old content): 
• When you, a student, first start a task, all you see is a mentor box asking "are you ready?" 
• You click yes. Your simulated in-box appears, then bing! new email arrives. 
• You open and read the email. You click Acknowledge. 
• A mentor box appears. It briefly summarizes the tasks. You click "I got it." 
o Later, we should add "I got questions" 
• The mentor box now says "I've got some tips for this task. Also there's stuff you should read up on." 
The tabs for plan of attack and resources appear. They're highlighted until you click them the first 
time. 
After this point, things look the way they do now. This only happens when you first start each a task. When 
you return you can review the emails and the other tabs without going through the stages. 
This should also improve demoing. 
This is after 10 minutes thought, mostly while driving to work 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 5:36 AM, roger schank 
> wrote: 
fyi 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: roger schank  
Date: April 25, 2014 6:35:00 AM EDT 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com>
Subject: Re: 
EFTA00988334
--- PAGE 3 ---
learning from experience is best done in simulation first; when it matters money has been spent on god 
simulations (air flight; tanks fighting etc); we have built what we call social (as oppose to physical) 
simulation for business and military -- it is how I make a living); they are not physical experiences, and 
keeping costs down is always an issue, but they seem real enough 
but computer science is very different; if you want to build something in CS there is nothing to simulate 
since the computer is doing that naturally; you are already in the real environment; the computer speaks 
a language and you must learn it; 
if I wanted to teach you a foreign language (which I have done too) I could put you in that country in 
simulation and you could try talking; still to start you would need to learn some words first; our 
language programs assumed you knew some already but you dont know any HTML; so you must learn 
it first; since books have done this, we hae no need to replicate them; so this not representative of what 
we usually build; we already have a computer that speaks he langguage; we dont already have a 
simulated medical or legal environment for example so we would have to build it and then we could 
throw you in 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 10:15 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
and the differeence in reading the old school book and trying it out.? . with a tutor. ? I am goign to 
conitinue because I can't believe it. 
On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 10:05 PM, roger schank 
except you will be programming in a couple of weeks 
roger schank 
Professor Emeritus, 
Northwestern University 
CEO, Socratic Arts 
On Apr 24, 2014, at 9:41 PM, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
wrote: 
I don't want to upset you. but there is absolutiely nothing to recommend. it. nothing. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988335
--- PAGE 4 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
roger schank 
CEO Socratic Arts 
john evans professor emeritus, northwestern university 
roger schank 
CEO Socratic Arts 
john evans professor emeritus, northwestern university 
Chris Riesbeck 
Home Page: http://www.cs.northwestem.edut-riesbeck 
Calendar: http://www.cs.northwestern.edul—riesbecklcalendar.html 
EFTA00988336
--- PAGE 5 ---
Chris Riesbeck 
Home Page: http://www.cs.northwestem.edui—riesbeck 
Calendar: http://www.cs.northwestem.edui—riesbeck/calendar.html 
EFTA00988337

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988338.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988338.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
Subject: Paul Morris 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 15:26:51 +0000 
Paul Morris called 
Will be in his office for next hour -
after 1 hour on his cell phone - 
EFTA00988338

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988339.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Larry Delson 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 15:28:38 +0000 
Found a note on Lesleys desk from Lyn that Larry Delson called at 9am 
EFTA00988339

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988340.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern <MMINI=> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 13:53:46 +0000 
9:30 pm at apartment confirmed 
EFTA00988340

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988341.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 15:30:08 , 0000 
Went ok, results next week 
Xx 
Wyslane z iPada 
Dnia Apr 25, 2014 o godz. 1:30 AM Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> napisal(a): 
what happend at the test? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988341

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988342.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Brad Karp 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 15:31:47 +0000 
Just spoke to his office, they will let me know 
EFTA00988342

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988343.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 15:34:46 -0000 
I felt awful and I didn't hear my alarm at all 
I just got up . 
I'm running to be ready 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 25, 2014, at 9:32 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
come soon 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988343

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988344.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: yflce cfl 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Lesley Groff <1 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 16:09:32 +0000 
I'm feeling a bit normal again. Dont know if you have any new appointments yet for 2 PM, if not shall I come 
over to say hi? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: vri'da 25 april 2014 10:31 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
sorry to hear 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988344

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988345.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: yfke 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 16:23:03 +0000 
Yes 
On Friday, April 25, 2014, yfke c 
wrote: 
I'm feeling a bit normal again. Dont know if you have any new appointments yet for 2 PM, if not shall I come 
over to say hi? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: vrIcla 25 april 2014 10:31 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
sort), to hear 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jee
ion®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988345

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988346.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Michael Wolff 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 05 Jul 2018 16:41:09 +0000 
Will you go to Europe 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988346

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988347.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: David Stern
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 13:55:39 +0000 
ok 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 3:53 PM, David Stem < 
wrote: 
I 9:30 pm at apartment confirmed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988347

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988348.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 17:07:25 +0000 
Ok got it.. 
Anyway thank you Jeffrey. 
I'll figure out something else. 
xxxxx 
2014-04-25 7:30 GMT-07:00 Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>:
faith no 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988348

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988349.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 14:00:55 +0000 
Before I leave tonight you need to tell me please: 
- what is my business ?? 
All the pieces are there.... 
On 15 Oct 2017, at 15:55, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
ok 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 3:53 PM, David Stem < 
wrote: 
I 9:30 pm at apartment confirmed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988349

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988350.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Richard Joslin < 
Subject: Were taxes included? 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 17:49:11 +0000 
Attachments: doc00645020140418001514-2.pdf; ATT00001.htm 
Jeffrey, what I sent you earlier was in response to your request for 'cash balances through October' and reflects 
only 'cash in' except for the planned credit line repay. I want to point out that there is annuity payment on Dec 
3rd also before yr end. Please look at pg 2 of the attached I had sent you previously which incorporates payments 
to be made including est tax payments in June and Sept of $25mi1 each, charitable commitments, and 
professional fees at level I understood needed to be paid this year. 
Available to speak starting at 2 if you have further questions. Eileen 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Eileen Alexanderson" 
To: " 
Subject: Fwd: CF 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: ' 
<mailto: 
< I 
<mailto: 
To: "jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>" 
<eevacation@gmail.com<mailtojeevacation@gmail.com>>, "Eileen Alexanderson" 
<mailto 
Subject: CF 
>> 
Page I of the attached is a summary of the cash movement this past week as we lined up for the 4/15 tax 
payment and a roll forward through the GRAT I annuity payment to be made next Thursday and then on to the 
annuity from GRAT2 on June 3rd. I have bolded the progression of cash balances in Black Family Partners and 
in Leon's accounts. $l0mil fee which will be paid on 4/25 is not included-please give guidance as to whether 
this one should be paid from BFP or by LB. GRAT 1 annuity on Thursday is $109mi1, $56 will be paid in cash. 
GRAT 2 annuity on June 3rd is $90mi1, $53.3mi1 will be paid in cash. GRAT 3 pays its first annuity the same 
day, we need completion of the valuation to know the annuity amount (which we should have soon) but 
$8.7mi1 will be paid in cash. 
Page 2 is a rough cut on cash-flow to Leon in the 2H14. My table says May and Nov div-should say Aug and 
Nov div. Full year BRH projection I was given was for $285mi1.I used the $120mil div amount for these two 
payments because IQ and 4Q always tend to be larger than the Aug and Nov distributions. Colnvest income 
last year was $100mil reflecting heavy monetization activity within the Apollo funds, I used $50mi1 this yea 
but need to check for guidance on this. Ownership of the BFP interests obviously moves around between Leon 
and the various GRATs but 80% of the cash that comes in will flow to Leon through the annuity payments and 
EFTA00988350
--- PAGE 2 ---
interests he personally owns. 
Page 3 shows location of the cash balances near term. As I mentioned when we spoke yesterday, now that we 
are making distributions from BFP to the trusts and due to the note cleanups we did at yearend, investable cash 
balances in the trusts are sizable. Remember, decanting of the 1997 Trust into the APO2 Trust will soon to be 
completed and cash shown on the table will move there. Also, we are in the process of getting the valuations 
done for the LDB 201 LLC restructuring and the BFP interests (held in a new LLC) will be owned in the APOI 
Trust. 
Bank account in Leon's name at DB is open, brokerage account will be functional this coming week. JPM 
forms came back to me from Leon unsigned, once signed, I can open up an account in Leon's name there but I 
do already have a Black Family Partners brokerage account at JPM. Looking ahead, if we want to continue to 
diversify our banking relationships, it will probably make sense to open the addl accounts in the names of 
APOI and APO2 trusts but remember these are holding places just until we are ready to go with the Heritage 
Trust. 
Page 4 is my asset summary updated thru 4/16 to facilitate your discussion with Leon. I have one more bit of 
info to give Rich D which I will do this week, Rich J will then review financial statements and we will send on 
to you. 
Re insurances-
Debra and Peggy worked hard to get the jewelry schedule in shape. Peggy said she would be back to me on 
Monday with it. Renewal on that policy comes up this week. 
Rich J and I have a call on Monday mom with the AIG guys re the art insurance. Since they failed to make 
their case when they presented, plan is for us to have deeper discussions with them and then come back to you 
with conviction on how to proceed by the end of this coming week. 
Re bank loan redo- just need the go from Leon and I will proceed to speak to Derek (Jane's loan guy) on 
restructuring. I can get the process going by saying we want to restructure part of it but Question I need 
answered-are we keeping the credit line at the current size with B of A or splitting with another institution as 
we do this? 
Have to come back to you it the airplane after checking with Rich-he is the point person most current on this. 
Phaidon-I have been offloading to CEO and CFO now that they are on board but spent time this week on the 
"Structure" issue which needs to be a shared responsibility between the CFO and me b/c of the implications for 
the family entities who are the owners. If you are in town early this week it would be helpful to walk you 
through where we are, where I think we are going. 
We are closed for Good Friday, available on cell 917-226-5602 today and tomorrow, have a houseful coming 
for dinner on Sunday. 
Best, Eileen 
EFTA00988351

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988352.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Eileen Alexanderson
Subject: Re: Were taxes included? 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 17:51:42 +0000 
please make sure jpm organ acct doe are signed 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 1:49 PM, Eileen Alexanderson 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, what I sent you earlier was in response to your request for 'cash balances through October' and reflects 
only 'cash in' except for the planned credit line repay. I want to point out that there is annuity payment on Dec 
3rd also before yr end. Please look at pg 2 of the attached I had sent you previously which incorporates 
payments to be made including est tax payments in June and Sept of $25mi1 each, charitable commitments, 
and professional fees at level I understood needed to be paid this year. 
Available to speak starting at 2 if you have further questions. Eileen 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Eileen Alexanderson" 
To: ' 
Subject: Fwd: CF 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: " 
<mailto  
> tt 
<mailto 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>" 
<jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>>, "Eileen Alexanderson" 
 mailto: 
Subject: CF 
>> 
Page I of the attached is a summary of the cash movement this past week as we lined up for the 4/15 tax 
payment and a roll forward through the GRAT 1 annuity payment to be made next Thursday and then on to 
the annuity from GRAT2 on June 3rd. I have bolded the progression of cash balances in Black Family 
Partners and in Leon's accounts. $10mil fee which will be paid on 4/25 is not included-please give guidance 
as to whether this one should be paid from BFP or by LB. GRAT I annuity on Thursday is $109mil, $56 will 
be paid in cash. GRAT 2 annuity on June 3rd is $90mi1, $53.3mi1 will be paid in cash. GRAT 3 pays its first 
annuity the same day, we need completion of the valuation to know the annuity amount (which we should 
have soon) but $8.7mi1 will be paid in cash. 
Page 2 is a rough cut on cash-flow to Leon in the 2H14. My table says May and Nov div-should say Aug and 
Nov div. Full year BRH projection I was given was for $285mi1.I used the $120mil div amount for these two 
payments because IQ and 4Q always tend to be larger than the Aug and Nov distributions. CoInvest income 
EFTA00988352
--- PAGE 2 ---
last year was $100mil reflecting heavy monetization activity within the Apollo funds, I used $50mi1 this yea 
but need to check for guidance on this. Ownership of the BFP interests obviously moves around between 
Leon and the various GRATs but 80% of the cash that comes in will flow to Leon through the annuity 
payments and interests he personally owns. 
Page 3 shows location of the cash balances near term. As I mentioned when we spoke yesterday, now that we 
are making distributions from BFP to the trusts and due to the note cleanups we did at yearend, investable 
cash balances in the trusts are sizable. Remember, decanting of the 1997 Trust into the APO2 Trust will soon 
to be completed and cash shown on the table will move there. Also, we are in the process of getting the 
valuations done for the LDB 201 LLC restructuring and the BFP interests (held in a new LLC) will be owned 
in the APOI Trust. 
Bank account in Leon's name at DB is open, brokerage account will be functional this coming week. JPM 
forms came back to me from Leon unsigned, once signed, I can open up an account in Leon's name there but 
I do already have a Black Family Partners brokerage account at JPM. Looking ahead, if we want to continue 
to diversify our banking relationships, it will probably make sense to open the addl accounts in the names of 
APO I and APO2 trusts but remember these are holding places just until we are ready to go with the Heritage 
Trust. 
Page 4 is my asset summary updated thru 4/16 to facilitate your discussion with Leon. I have one more bit of 
info to give Rich D which I will do this week, Rich J will then review financial statements and we will send 
on to you. 
Re insurances-
Debra and Peggy worked hard to get the jewelry schedule in shape. Peggy said she would be back to me on 
Monday with it. Renewal on that policy comes up this week. 
Rich J and I have a call on Monday mom with the AIG guys re the art insurance. Since they failed to make 
their case when they presented, plan is for us to have deeper discussions with them and then come back to 
you with conviction on how to proceed by the end of this coming week. 
Re bank loan redo- just need the go from Leon and I will proceed to speak to Derek (Jane's loan guy) on 
restructuring. I can get the process going by saying we want to restructure part of it but Question I need 
answered-are we keeping the credit line at the current size with B of A or splitting with another institution as 
we do this? 
Have to come back to you re the airplane after checking with Rich-he is the point person most current on 
this. 
Phaidon-I have been offloading to CEO and CFO now that they are on board but spent time this week on the 
"Structure" issue which needs to be a shared responsibility between the CFO and me b/c of the implications 
for the family entities who are the owners. If you are in town early this week it would be helpful to walk you 
through where we are, where I think we are going. 
We are closed for Good Friday, available on cell 917-226-5602 today and tomorrow, have a houseful coming 
for dinner on Sunday. 
Best, Eileen 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00988353
--- PAGE 3 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988354

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988355.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Alford ala> 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 14:06:32 +0000 
Morning, 
How did you make out? Sustained minimal damage? 
"Make it so that even the capital you'll spend in the future, is working extremely hard for you today" 
-Unknown 
EFTA00988355

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988356.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Alford
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 14:07:25 +0000 
no, devastation . how about you? 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 4:06 PM, Alford < 
> wrote: 
Morning, 
How did you make out? Sustained minimal damage? 
"Make it so that even the capital you'll spend in the future, is working extremely hard for you today" 
-Unknown 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988356

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988357.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 21:04:51 -4)000 
Tell her no 
On Friday, April 25, 2014, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
Please advise what to tell her. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: April 25, 2014, 3:57:50 PM EDT 
To: Lesley Groff <I 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Dear Lesley, 
Don't want to disturb you but I just wanted to know if you were able to find a seat in the same flight or 
unfortunately not? 
Have a lovely evening and a wonderful weekend! 
Love, 
Original Message-----
From: Lesley Groff 
Sent:
 2014 11:57:41 GMT 
To: 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Super ! Thanks. And you have a great day also 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 23, 2014, at 7:53 AM, 
wrote: 
Good morning, dear Lesley, 
It's 
Thank you again and have a very lovely day!!! 
> Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
> From: 
> Date: Wed, 23 Apr 2014 07:51:12 -0400 
EFTA00988357
--- PAGE 2 ---
> To: 
> Thanks. Will look into this today. I need your birthday also. Please specify month day and year (written 
out please : example oct 14, 1987 
> Thanks 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> On Apr 22, 2014, at 8:14 PM, 
> wrote: 
> > If you need any additional info from me-let me know! And thank you once again so so much! 
> > P.S. my full name is 
, not sure if you need something else while booking a 
flight.. 
>> 
> 
Original Message 
» 
From: Lesley Groff 
> > Sent:
 2014 21:52:18 GMT 
» 
To: 
>> 
> Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
> > Hi M. 
Can you give me the details of your moms flight on May 23rd. Airline, flight number, what 
time it departs, from what airport to what airport, her assigned seat! I will try to see if I can find you a ticket 
on same flight Thanks Lesley 
> > Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988358

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988359.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 22:25:41 +0000 
we need to work out may schedule. why have you not responded to skype? 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 11:30 AM, < 
Went ok, results next week 
Xx 
Wyslane z iPada 
> wrote: 
Dnia Apr 25, 2014 o godz. 1:30 AM Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> napisal(a): 
what happend at the test? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988359

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988360.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Alford
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 14:15:42 +0000 
Wow!..sorry to hear that. It's "such" a set back. 
I got a lot of water and debris all over my yard but no structural damage. 
"Make it so that even the capital you'll spend in the future, is working extremely hard for you today" 
-Unknown 
On Oct 15, 2017, at 10:07 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
no, devastation . how about you? 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 4:06 PM, Alford < 
> wrote: 
Morning, 
How did you make out? Sustained minimal damage? 
"Make it so that even the capital you'll spend in the future, is working extremely hard for you today" 
-Unknown 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988360

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988361.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2014 23:09:21 +0000 
I had surgery in my mouth . can't talk will skype you at 1 pm your time 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 6:59 PM, G 
> wrote: 
I checked skype but there is nothing new?? 
Wyslane z iPada 
Dnia Apr 26, 2014 o godz. 12:25 AM Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> napisal(a): 
we need to work out may schedule. why have you not responded to skype? 
On Fri, Apr 25, 2014 at 11:30 AM, < 
Went ok, results next week 
Xx 
Wyslane z iPada 
> wrote: 
Dnia Apr 25, 2014 o godz. 1:30 AM Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> napisal(a): 
what happend at the test? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00988361
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988362

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988363.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin -4 
k Thomas Turrin  
Subject: Fwd: Automatic reply: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 16:57:19 +0000 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm29.png; 2013_ipatop100(2)18bejpg; 
primeglobal_color blktext_tagline4823 jpg 
i thought we agreed to have it last week 
Forwarded message 
From: Thomas Turrin  
Date: Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 4:37 PM 
Subject: Automatic reply: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com>
I will be away from the office beginning Wed., April 30th thru Monday, May 5th. I will be checking messages 
and emails 
riodicall . If ou need immediate assistance, please call Amy Li at 212-944-4433. Amy's email 
address is: 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures, may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and, as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print. copy. disseminate, or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andror use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: 
To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including any 
and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related 
penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) 
addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our express written consent. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00988363
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988364

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988365.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Steve Hanson/Wifi for car 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 16:59:02 +0000 
Forwarded message -----
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 3:33 PM 
Subject: Fwd: Steve Hanson/Wifi for car 
To: Richard Kahn
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 9:31 AM 
Subject: Steve Hanson/Wifi for car 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
See below...Steve thinks you would really enjoy wifi for your car... 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Shanson900 •cl 
Subject: Lesley 
Date: April 28, 2014 8:07:26 AM EDT 
To: " 
 gc 
Hope your great 
I have wifi in my car and it works great in nyc 
Google. Clear. 4g wireless mobile 
702-852-5608 
I think jeff will like the service 
Then to always see traffic conditions jojo can look at 
Waze. 
A site that gives updates by the second. 
I bought a mini pad for the car for this use 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00988365
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988366

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988367.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 14:26:26 +0000 
Thank You Jeffrey !!! 
I would love to !!! 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 9:45 AM Jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
i will see you friday. . the following friday i would like you to take off so thus night you can fly to palm 
beach and you and i can spend the weekend , just us two 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988367

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988368.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988368.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: Re: today 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 17:16:32 +0000 
im in paris, can you call me now? 
im going to sleep in two hours 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 7:11 PM, Boris Nikolic 
> wrote: 
Please let's talk today afternoon (after 4pm PST). 
I talked to majority of people who were attending a DAF meeting. Will give you a feedback. 
B 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988368

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988369.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ada Clapp
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Estate Planning Overview 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 17:29:17 +0000 
OK. Rich is stilling looking at the inventory values. He promises to be done soon. 
Ada Clapp 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue 
Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
Direct Dial: 646-589-0303 
Fax: 646-589-0330 
Email: 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: Pursuant to IRS regulations, I inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication 
(including attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by any person or entity for the 
purposes of (i) avoiding tax related penalties imposed by any governmental tax authority, or (ii) proposing, marketing or 
recommending to another party any transaction or matter discussed herein. I advise you to consult with an independent 
tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
This communication and any attachment is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain information that is 
privileged, confidential and/or proprietary. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that further 
dissemination of this communication and its attachments is prohibited. Please delete all copies of this communication 
and its attachments and notify me immediately that you have received them in error. Thank you. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comJ 
Sent: Wednesday, April 30, 2014 12:52 PM 
To: Ada Clapp 
Subject: Re: Estate Planning Overview 
lets do the rough one first 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 6:13 PM, Ada Clapp < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
The initial draft of the overview values all of Leon and Debra's assets other than the GRATs as of April 16, 
2014 but models the GRATs differently. The GRATs are shown as if Leon survived each of the terms, 
received back all his annuity payments and paid a remainder to the Heritage Trust based on income and 
appreciation projections Eileen provided. This is a "quick and dirty" way of showing how the assets would 
pass if the GRATs are successful. It is not "technically accurate" from an estate tax standpoint. I discussed the 
approach with Alan and asked whether he thought this was a "meaningful" yet practical approach to take. 
Alan noted that it depended entirely on what you were using the Overview for—broad view of the flow of 
assets and liabilities on the death of Leon and Debra or an accurate picture of estate tax for liquidity planning 
purposes. 
EFTA00988369
--- PAGE 2 ---
He and I agreed that for the Overview to be a "more accurate" picture of Leon's estate tax, we will need to do 
a much more complex analysis that would require engaging Paul Weiss's fiduciary account (Carlos has 
apparently assisted another family office in a similar situation in this regard). Carlos would look at each 
GRAT on April 16, 2014 to determine whether the GRAT would be deemed to have failed (based on the April 
7520 rate) and determine what portion of the GRAT corpus (likely all) would be included Leon's estate. 
Carlos would also do a more accurate projection of the GRAT remainders based on variables we give him, 
such as (i) the date and amount of each dividend payment, (ii) what portion of each payment was made with 
BFP stock, (iii) application of a discount to the amount of BFP stock used to pay the dividend—which would 
require projected values of the stock, and (iv) value of the TRA applicable to each GRAT after each annuity 
payment. He could also build in assumptions such as Leon selling a portion of the AGM units during the 
GRAT terms. 
If Leon were only planning to do one or two GRATs, I am not sure the above exercise would be worthwhile. 
However, because we expect Leon to re-GRAT over time, and there could be many GRATs in place at any one 
time, it may be a very useful spreadsheet to have so that at any given time we have a more accurate picture of 
Leon's estate tax liquidity needs. However, I wanted to confirm with you that you and Leon would benefit 
from the more detailed analysis before engaging Paul Weiss to prepare it. I ask because, as you may recall, 
Leon's only comment when I gave him the last Overview was "What did this cost me?" 
Please let me know how you wish me to proceed. 
Ada Clapp 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue 
Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
Direct Dial: 646-589-0303 
Fax: 646-589-0330 
Email: 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: Pursuant to IRS regulations, I inform you that any tax advice contained in this 
communication (including attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by any 
person or entity for the purposes of (i) avoiding tax related penalties imposed by any governmental tax 
authority, or (ii) proposing, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter discussed 
herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
This communication and any attachment is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain 
information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary. If you are not the intended recipient, you 
are hereby notified that further dissemination of this communication and its attachments is prohibited. Please 
delete all copies of this communication and its attachments and notify me immediately that you have received 
them in error. Thank you. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00988370
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988371

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988372.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ada Clapp <1 
Subject: Re: Estate Planning Overview 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 17:30:56 +0000 
deadline tomorw , use plug approx numbers if you have to thanks 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 7:29 PM, Ada Clapp 
> wrote: 
OK. Rich is stilling looking at the inventory values. He promises to be done soon. 
Ada Clapp 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue 
Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
Direct Dial: 646-589-0303 
Fax: 646-589-0330 
Email: 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: Pursuant to IRS regulations, I inform you that any tax advice contained in this 
communication (including attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by any person or 
entity for the purposes of (i) avoiding tax related penalties imposed by any governmental tax authority, or (ii) proposing, 
marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter discussed herein. I advise you to consult with 
an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
This communication and any attachment is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain information that is 
privileged, confidential and/or proprietary. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that further 
dissemination of this communication and its attachments is prohibited. Please delete all copies of this communication 
and its attachments and notify me immediately that you have received them in error. Thank you. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com)
Sent: Wednesday, April 30, 2014 12:52 PM 
To: Ada Clapp 
Subject: Re: Estate Planning Overview 
EFTA00988372
--- PAGE 2 ---
lets do the rough one first 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 6:13 PM, Ada Clapp 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
The initial draft of the overview values all of Leon and Debra's assets other than the GRATs as of April 16, 
2014 but models the GRATs differently. The GRATs are shown as if Leon survived each of the terms, 
received back all his annuity payments and paid a remainder to the Heritage Trust based on income and 
appreciation projections Eileen provided. This is a "quick and dirty" way of showing how the assets would 
pass if the GRATs are successful. It is not "technically accurate" from an estate tax standpoint. I discussed 
the approach with Alan and asked whether he thought this was a "meaningful" yet practical approach to 
take. Alan noted that it depended entirely on what you were using the Overview for—broad view of the 
flow of assets and liabilities on the death of Leon and Debra or an accurate picture of estate tax for liquidity 
planning purposes. 
He and I agreed that for the Overview to be a "more accurate" picture of Leon's estate tax, we will need to 
do a much more complex analysis that would require engaging Paul Weiss's fiduciary account (Carlos has 
apparently assisted another family office in a similar situation in this regard). Carlos would look at each 
GRAT on April 16, 2014 to determine whether the GRAT would be deemed to have failed (based on the 
April 7520 rate) and determine what portion of the GRAT corpus (likely all) would be included Leon's 
estate. Carlos would also do a more accurate projection of the GRAT remainders based on variables we give 
him, such as (i) the date and amount of each dividend payment, (ii) what portion of each payment was made 
with BFP stock, (iii) application of a discount to the amount of BFP stock used to pay the dividend—which 
would require projected values of the stock, and (iv) value of the TRA applicable to each GRAT after each 
annuity payment. He could also build in assumptions such as Leon selling a portion of the AGM units 
during the GRAT terms. 
If Leon were only planning to do one or two GRATs, I am not sure the above exercise would be 
worthwhile. However, because we expect Leon to re-GRAT over time, and there could be many GRATs in 
place at any one time, it may be a very useful spreadsheet to have so that at any given time we have a more 
accurate picture of Leon's estate tax liquidity needs. However, I wanted to confirm with you that you and 
Leon would benefit from the more detailed analysis before engaging Paul Weiss to prepare it. I ask because, 
as you may recall, Leon's only comment when I gave him the last Overview was "What did this cost me?" 
Please let me know how you wish me to proceed. 
Ada Clapp 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue 
EFTA00988373
--- PAGE 3 ---
Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
Direct Dial: 646-589-0303 
Fax: 646-589-0330 
Email: 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: Pursuant to IRS regulations, I inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by 
any person or entity for the purposes of (i) avoiding tax related penalties imposed by any governmental tax 
authority, or (ii) proposing, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter discussed 
herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
This communication and any attachment is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain 
information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary. If you are not the intended recipient, you 
are hereby notified that further dissemination of this communication and its attachments is prohibited. 
Please delete all copies of this communication and its attachments and notify me immediately that you have 
received them in error. Thank you. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00988374
--- PAGE 4 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988375

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988376.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mohammed Waheed Hassan
Subject: Re: Hi 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 13:04:52 +0000 
does the 19th work? 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 7:12 AM, Mohammed Waheed Hassan < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
How are you. Hope all is well. I have been traveling quite a bit but mainly in Asia; Hong Kong, Singapore, 
Malaysia, Cambodia, and China. But now I am planning to be in New York for a few days mid May. Would 
very much like to stop by and see you if you have time. 
Best regards 
Waheed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988376

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988377.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez < 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 13:06:25 +0000 
we can take the jet skis up, I don't want the guests riding them they are irresposible 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988377

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988378.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez  
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 13:59:42 +0000 
Yoga room air con diction needs recharged 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988378

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988379.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 14:54:04 +0000 
sherida needs to fix black bike wheel alignments. . build up back of basket to proctect from wind.. peter 
needs to redo tennis roads . line service road with coral. . french cabinet goes under photos in flagpole pool 
cabana and sofa gets moved to five palms. . i need small bright rug in master entry, to replace. , new kitchen 
seats. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988379

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988380.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Martin G. Weinberg" 
Subject: Re: 11th Circuit 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 14:54:35 +0000 
defense bar? 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 10:52 AM, Martin G. Weinberg 
> wrote: 
Richard Strafer will draft and have ready to file a motion, Monday, to continue the stay pending en banc petition. Roy/I 
will call Govt Monday to advise and ask that they defer any production until after the court rules on motion. We can 
consider, on the 9 AM call, whether there are options given the risk the panel will deny a further stay. MGW 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988380

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988381.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: Re: 2016 NOAM AND VALERIA CHOMSKY BUSINESS EXPENSES 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 15:12:10 +0000 
Inline-Images: image005.png; image001.png; image004.png; image003.png; image002.png 
Ask for the money from thx trust 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 4:56 PM Noam Chomsky < 
wrote: 
Could you let us know whether this makes any sense? Especially about no withdrawals until '23. Impossible 
to live under that condition. 
Noam 
-------- Forwarded messa e 
From: Nick Nichols 
Date: Sat, Oct 14, 2017 at 2:28 PM 
Subject: RE: 2016 NOAM AND VALERIA CHOMSKY BUSINESS EXPENSES 
To: Valeria Chomsky 
, Matthew Mazotas
Chomsky 
Valeria, 
>, "Noam 
Thank you; yes this is very helpful. But it is not as advantageous as I had hoped to find. See my summary 
schedule below. 
It would be very difficult to assert that you left MA permanently in January with this fact pattern. 
If Arizona remains your permanent residence in 2018, at best we can do a part year MA residency until 10/22, 
and then AZ for the remainder of the year. If AZ is not going to be permanent, we will likely leave you as a 
full year MA resident for 2017. 
Therefore it would still be more advantageous not to take any more IRA withdrawals until after 10/23! And it 
still remains that the best solution to covering your 2017 tax obligations on the withdrawals you've already 
made is to make an additional distribution that is completely applied as Federal and MA tax withholdings. 
And then all future distributions should have an appropriate amount of tax withholding. 
Matt will be updating your 2016 tax return for the additional information that you provided last night, and we 
will get back to you on Monday with an update and a plan for getting your returns filed in the nick of time! 
EFTA00988381
--- PAGE 2 ---
Let me know if you have any questions. 
Nick 
Chomsky 2017 Residency 
Days 
MA 
AZ 
Other 
1/1/17 - 1/24 
1/25-3/18 
3/19 -10/22 
218 
161 
10/23-12/31/17 
365 
185 
123 
From: Valeria Chomsky [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, October 13, 2017 4:16 PM 
To: Nick Nichols < 
; Matthew Mazotas
Subject: 2016 NOAM AND VALERIA CHOMSKY BUSINESS EXPENSES 
> 
Please find attached the following files: 
2016 AVRAM NOAM CHOMSKY BUSINESS EXPENSES (WITHOUT HOME OFFICE EXPENSES) 
2O16 CULTURAL VENTURES, LLC BUSINESS EXPENSES (Valeria Chomsky) 
Thanks. 
Valeria Chomsky 
Forwarded message 
From: Matthew Mazotas c: 
> 
Date: Fri, Oct 13, 2017 at 3:20 PM 
Subject: RE: 2016 TAX RETURN- DUE DATE 10/16/17 
To: Noam Chomsk 
, Valeria Chomsky
Cc: Nick Nichols 
EFTA00988382
--- PAGE 3 ---
Hi Noam and Valeria, 
Have you been able to work on the business expenses? Please send them to me when the list is ready. 
Thanks, 
Matt Mazotas 
Abrams Little-Gill Loberfeld PC 
Tel 
From: Noam Chomsky [mailto: 
Sent: Wednesday, October 11, 2017 10:20 AM 
To: Matthew Mazotas 
Cc: Valeria Chomsky 
-; Nick Nichols < 
Subject: Re: 2016 TAX RETURN- DUE DATE 10/16/17 
I'm not sure what is counted as business expenses. I know that in earlier years the accountant used to take part 
of the expenses of my house as business expenses, because I work at home most of the week, and also a large 
part of a summer cottage where I worked almost the entire time. We no longer have the summer cottage, but I 
do continue to work mostly at home. I don't know what other categories of business expense there might be. 
What about trips abroad for conferences for which I paid almost all of the travel and living expenses? 
On Wed, Oct 11, 2017 at 7:36 AM, Matthew Mazotas < 
wrote: 
Hi Valeria and Noam, 
The deadline is in a couple of days (the 16th) and we need time to process your return. Please send the 
expenses for Noam's business ASAP. 
Regards, 
Matt Mazotas 
Abrams Little-Gill Loberfeld PC 
Tel: 
EFTA00988383
--- PAGE 4 ---
From: Valeria Chomsky [mailto: 
Sent: Saturday, September 30. 201 11:51 PM 
To: Nick Nichols 
Cc: Matthew 
Matthew Mazotas 
; Noam Chomsky
Subject: Fwd: FW: State of Residency 
Could you tell us please the exact date when it has to be filed? 
About the residency, in 2016 we were out of the State of Massachusetts for 69 days (in national and 
international travels). 
In 2017, for 108 days (in national and international travels). 
Valeria 
Forwarded messy e 
From: Nick Nichols 
Date: Thu, Sep 28, 2017 at 1:10 PM 
Subject: FW: State of Residenc 
To: "Valeria Chomsk 
Cc: Matthew Mazotas 
Dear Noam & Valeria, 
< 
>, "Noam Chomsky 
Time is running out for the tax filing deadline for your 2016 income tax returns. We haven't received any 
response to our requests for information for 2016, or the emails below concerning 2017 tax planning. I will 
separately forward you the list of questions for 2016. 
Please let us know when you will be able to provide us the answers, and also confirm your new address in 
Arizona. We have also tried to call you, but consistently get messages that your voice mailbox has not been 
set up. 
Thanks, 
Nick 
EFTA00988384
--- PAGE 5 ---
From: Nick Nichols 
Sent: Thursday, September 21, 2017 1:30 PM 
To: Valeria Chomsk 
Cc: Matthew Mazotas 
Subject: State of Residency 
Dear Noam and Valeria, 
›; Noam Chomsky 
Following up on Matt's email for 2016, we also need to address my earlier questions about your state of 
residency for 2017 so that we can do better tax planning and make estimated tax payments to the right state. 
Without knowing the facts and circumstances, there are at least 3 possibilities, i.e., 
Arizona resident for the full year; 
MA resident for the full year; or, 
Part-year resident in each state. 
Ideally, from the perspective of minimizing taxes, the full year of residency in AZ is best. See my earlier 
email below for more details. 
Hopefully we can hear from you soon. 
Thanks, 
Nick 
EFTA00988385
--- PAGE 6 ---
From: Nick Nichols 
Sent: Thursday, September 7 2017 3:54 PM 
To: 'Kathleen O'Malle ' 
; Matthew Mazotas < 
›; Noam 
Chomsk 
Z 
Valeria Chomsky 
Cc: Isabel Scharmer 
Subject: RE: Quarterly Estimates 
; Robert Katz < 
›; 
Dear Noam and Valeria, 
Congratulations on your move to Arizona and your new position at the University of Arizona! 
We need to be concerned about tax payments for 2017, as well as getting answers to our previous questions 
to be able to finalize your 2016 tax returns. 
For now, focusing on 2017, Kate has confirmed that you have received $580,000 in IRA distributions 
without any tax withholdings. The penalty for not making timely estimated payments could be significant 
(in the 4 digit range). In the past we have been like the proverbial dog chasing its tail to catch up with tax 
payments and attempting to eliminate those penalties. 
The best recommendation that we can do right now to avoid that is to make an additional IRA distribution 
and have it 100% applied to income tax withholding. Of course that's also an additional taxable 
distribution, but it's essentially no different that make distributions and then making estimated tax 
payments. The beauty of doing withholding is that the IRS will count it as being applied equally throughout 
the year, even by doing it now. 
I also want to raise the question about your state of residency. Arizona personal income tax rates are about 
0.6% less than the Massachusetts rate. I was initially thinking that we could do two state returns, part-year 
residents of MA, and part-year residents of AZ. However, I also recall that in 2016 you had spent a 
significant amount your Winter in AZ. So, were you also in AZ from January of 2017 to mid-April when 
you returned to Boston? And when did you leave MA to return to AZ? If you spend enough time in AZ in 
2017, we could consider making you a full-time resident of AZ. Given what we know about 2017 at the 
moment, that could save about $6,000 in state income taxes. Please provide the dates you were in MA, AZ, 
and any other states or countries. It doesn't matter if those dates were for work or pleasure; it's all about 
physical presence. 
Will you be receiving a W-2 from the University for your teaching; or, are they paying you as an 
independent contractor? Please confirm what you expect for gross salary and any related tax withholdings. 
EFTA00988386
--- PAGE 7 ---
Please let us know, and then we can work on refining the calculation of the 2017 tax payments that we 
recommend, and we can coordinate with Bainco about the IRA tax distribution. 
Thanks, 
Nick & Matt 
From: Kathleen O'Malley [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, September 7 2017 2:28 PM 
To: Matthew Mazotas 
Cc: Nick Nichols 
-; Isabel Scharmer < 
>, Robert Katz 
Subject: RE: Quarterly Estimates 
Hi Matt, 
YTD withdrawals (total): 
Noam Chomsky IRA 
$513,000.00 
Noam Chomsky Inherited IRA $67,000.00 
There was a $150.00 deposit into Noam's IRA for a litigation check, and there have been no withholdings for 
any of the IRA distributions. 
Thank you, 
Kate 
From: Matthew Mazotas [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, September 07, 2017 12:45 PM 
To: Kathleen O'Malle 
Cc: Nick Nichols 
; Isabel Scharmer < 
>; Robert Katz 
Subject: RE: Quarterly Estimates 
EFTA00988387
--- PAGE 8 ---
Hi Kate, 
Thank you, I hope you did as well. 
Can you please provide me with the YTD total of the distributions taken from Noam's IRAs and any tax 
withholding on those distributions? 
The two trusts do not need any Q3 or Q4 estimates as they have overpayments that have been applied to 
2017. 
Thanks, 
Matt 
Matthew Mazotas 
Supervisor 
Abrams Little-Gill Loberfeld PC 
CPAs & Business Advisors 
1330 Boylston Street Suite 510 
Chestnut Hill MA 02467 
Tel.: 
Fax: 
Email: 
Web: 
Member of MSI Global Alliance: www.msiglobal.org 
Click here to upload files securely. 
EFTA00988388
--- PAGE 9 ---
From: Kathleen O'Malley [mailto: 
Sent: Wednesday, September 06 2017 3:47 PM 
To: Matthew Mazotas 
Cc: Nick Nichols 
Isabel Scharmer < 
>; Robert Katz 
Subject: Quarterly Estimates 
Hi Matt, 
I hope you had a nice labor day weekend. 
As we approach the September deadline for tax estimates, we wanted to see if any estimated tax payments are 
due for the Chomskys. Please let me know if you need any additional information from Bainco. 
Thank you, 
Kate 
Kathleen O'Malley 
Client and Research Associate 
699 Boylston Street I I Oth Floor I Boston, MA 02116 
Direct 
EFTA00988389
--- PAGE 10 ---
;
INEmail Signature Logo 
This communication is for informational purposes only. It is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the 
purchase or sale of any security or financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. 
Market prices, data and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are subject 
to change without notice. The comments or statements made herein do not necessarily reflect the opinions of 
Bainco International Investors, LLC, its subsidiaries and affiliates. The email may contain confidential or 
proprietary information. If you are not the intended recipient of this email, please immediately reply to the 
sender and make the sender aware of the mistake and then delete the email. 
This communication is for informational purposes only. It is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the 
I 
I purchase or sale of any security or financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. 
Market prices, data and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are subject 
to change without notice. The comments or statements made herein do not necessarily reflect the opinions of 
Bainco International Investors, LLC, its subsidiaries and affiliates. The email may contain confidential or 
proprietary information. If you are not the intended recipient of this email, please immediately reply to the 
sender and make the sender aware of the mistake and then delete the email. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988390

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988391.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Hi 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 14:55:09 +0000 
Forwarded message 
From: Mohammed Waheed Hassan
Date: Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 7:12 AM 
Subject: Hi 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Jeffrey, 
How are you. Hope all is well. I have been traveling quite a bit but mainly in Asia; Hong Kong, Singapore, 
Malaysia, Cambodia, and China. But now I am planning to be in New York for a few days mid May. Would very 
much like to stop by and see you if you have time. 
Best regards 
Waheed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988391

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988392.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Richard Merkin < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 14:57:12 +0000 
when do i see you? 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 9:19 AM, Richard Merkin < 
> wrote: 
Going into my April 4 "too busy" phase. Giving 4 talks on for topics over the next week or so including the Milken global 
conference then trying to respond to Obama care and its needs. CMS notified us that we and what other group 
unnamed were responsible for saving CMS 41% of all of their savings in their demonstration project . They had chosen 
the top 30 groups in the country for this. Most were large hospital systems. I need some fun. I'm getting it today. A one-
day respite! 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtmjeeyacationagmail.com]
Sent: Thursday, April 17, 2014 4:06 AM 
To: Richard Merkin 
Subject: 
have not heard from you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00988392
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988393

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988394.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff < 
>, 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 15:13:36 +0000 
harvard schedule? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988394

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988395.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: genjix 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 15:22:45 +0000 
are you still playing in the bitcoin space.? where are you, i have Andy Back on my island this weekend 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988395

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988396.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®grnail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 15:25:22 +0000 
Amir Taaki 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988396

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988397.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: Re: FW: Can we please talk? 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 15:32:29 +0000 
not sure what to do , you gave me and i relied on your word , you gave your word to bill and he relied on it, 
larry cohen only two weeks ago confirmed your word and also relied on it. 
then after being given the 27th 
version of your lawyers drafts , as late as sat morning , having read each one over the past six months Im told 
by your asst . sec sarub that you at the last minute changed your mind, 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 11:28 AM, Boris Nikolic < 
Mother postpone — only 30min but still. 
Will call you as soon as I am done 
B 
From: Anna Lebedkina [mailto: 
Sent: Saturday, April 19, 2014 11:11 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Cc: Yuri Milner Office 
Subject: Re: Can we please talk? 
Boris, 
wrote: 
Can we please move the call to 9:30am PST today? 
Many thanks and kind regards, 
Anna 
On Apr 18, 2014, at 15:14, "Boris Nikolic" < 
> wrote: 
Yes. This is ok. 
Talk at noon EST 
EFTA00988397
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thank you 
Boris 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Anna Lebedkina 
Sent: 4/18/2014 11:58 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Cc: Yuri Milner Office 
Subject: HA: Can we please talk? 
Boris, 
12pm EST would be better for Yuri. Please let me know if it works. 
Thank you, 
Anna 
OT: Anna Lebedkina 
Ompasnewn Friday, April 18, 2014 10:45 PM 
Koury: Boris Nikolic 
Komui: Yuri Milner Office 
Tema: HA: Can we please talk? 
Boris, 
Would 11 am EST tomorrow, April 19th work for you? 
Many thanks, 
Anna 
OT: Yuri ivlilnor 
0TnpaBneHo: Friday, April 18, 2014 7:31 AM 
EFTA00988398
--- PAGE 3 ---
Koury: Boris Nikolic 
Koine:: Yuri Milner Office; Anna Lebedkina 
Tema: Re: Can we please talk? 
Boris, of course. 
Anna (cc'd) will help to coordinate the call on Friday or Saturday. 
Yuri 
Sent from my iPad 
On 15 anp. 2014 r., at 22:33, "Boris Nikolic" < 
> wrote: 
Please let me time that works for you. 
Boris 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988399

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988400.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Larry Visoski clia> 
Subject: Re: Passengers 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 16:15:01 +0000 
Yes just me 
On Saturday, April 19, 2014, Laity Visoski c 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I wanted to confirm passengers for our flight to White Plains tomorrow for my customs paperwork? 
Anna indicated it's just you for tomorrow? Is this correct ? 
TIDE 
Larry 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988400

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988401.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Larry Summers
Subject: Re: News re Kazakh? 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 16:32:58 +0000 
Talk later? 
On Saturday, April 19, 2014, Larry Summers < 
wrote: 
Also. I need small scale philanthropy advice. My life will be better if I raise Sim for Lisa s mooc. Mostly it 
will go to make it a pbs series and for teacher training. Ideas? 
Spent time w Yuri Milner who I like. 
How goes fund of funds? 
Larry 
Sent from my iPad 
Please note my new email address: 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988401

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988402.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Valeria Chomsky cci 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®grnail.com> 
Cc: Noam Chomsky  
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 15:26:24 +0000 
Deborah hasn't responded yet. One of the invoices that Deborah sent us was about reversion of copyrights 
grants. Noam has assigned me the copyright of one of his books "Who rules the World" and that is being already 
the target of a law that allows reversion of copyrights grant. 
Also the lawyers keep saying that I am getting Noam's whole estate (meaning one of his two IRAs in Noam's 
name and meaning the one that was being used for family members distributions, Wellfleet rent in the amount of 
$50,000, other family expenses and our own expenses, therefore being depleted at a high speed). And I have an 
additional concern about the veracity of the facts: whatever is left of it, as I am still not an American citizen, will 
be subjected to taxes and since this IRA is being considered as the only estate Noam has, wouldn't all the 
expenses and taxes have to be paid from it, possibly bringing it to zero or worse, to negative, therefore whatever 
asset we would have out of this (such as our new house, under a mortgage), could be requested to pay debts? 
Just trying to understand the situation as we have been kept in dark by lawyers and accountants. It seems they 
have declared Noam as incompetent and incapable and are making all the decisions under someone's else 
guidance. 
Yes, we are still in Cambridge. 
Valeria 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 9:30 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
did deborah respond? are you guys still in cambridge? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeela®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988402

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988403.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Merkin < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 16:58:21 +0000 
Island 
On Saturday, April 19, 2014, Richard Merkin 
Where are you ? 
Any cloning updates? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailboleevacationegmail com 
Sent: Saturday, April 19, 2014 6:57 AM 
To: Richard Merkin 
Subject: Re: 
when do i see you? 
> wrote: 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 9:19 AM, Richard Merkin < 
> wrote: 
Going into my April 4 "too busy" phase. Giving 4 talks on for topics over the next week or so including the Milken global 
conference then trying to respond to Obama care and its needs. CMS notified us that we and what other group 
unnamed were responsible for saving CMS 41% of all of their savings in their demonstration project . They had chosen 
the top 30 groups in the country for this. Most were large hospital systems. I need some fun. I'm getting it today. A one-
day respite! 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Thursday, April 17, 2014 4:06 AM 
To: Richard Merkin 
Subject: 
have not heard from you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00988403
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNS@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988404

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988405.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988405.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: David Stern
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 19:22:43 +0000 
just go and hang out in lobby 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 3:15 PM, David Stern < 
> wrote: 
How can I go to Milken conference without paying entrance fee plus it's sold out? 
Last time Merkin took me. 
On 18 Apr 2014, at 16:30, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
later today 
On Fri, Apr 18, 2014 at 11:18 AM, David Stem < 
wrote: 
When can I call you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00988405
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988406

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988407.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mariana Idzikowska
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 19:23:17 +0000 
how was the trip? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988407

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988408.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Valeria Chomsky
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 15:28:56 +0000 
Call Deborah! And ask 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 5:26 PM Valeria Chomsky 
> wrote: 
Deborah hasn't responded yet. One of the invoices that Deborah sent us was about reversion of copyrights 
grants. Noam has assigned me the copyright of one of his books "Who rules the World" and that is being 
already the target of a law that allows reversion of copyrights grant. 
Also the lawyers keep saying that I am getting Noam's whole estate (meaning one of his two IRAs in Noam's 
name and meaning the one that was being used for family members distributions, Wellfleet rent in the amount 
of $50,000, other family expenses and our own expenses, therefore being depleted at a high speed). And I 
have an additional concern about the veracity of the facts: whatever is left of it, as I am still not an American 
citizen, will be subjected to taxes and since this IRA is being considered as the only estate Noam has, wouldn't 
all the expenses and taxes have to be paid from it, possibly bringing it to zero or worse, to negative, therefore 
whatever asset we would have out of this (such as our new house, under a mortgage), could be requested to 
pay debts? 
Just trying to understand the situation as we have been kept in dark by lawyers and accountants. It seems they 
have declared Noam as incompetent and incapable and are making all the decisions under someone's else 
guidance. 
Yes, we are still in Cambridge. 
Valeria 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 9:30 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
did deborah respond? are you guys still in cambridge? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00988408
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988409

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988410.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 21:00:24 -F0000 
nope ny 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 4:55 PM, 
I You in palm beach?;-) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00988410

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988411.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez  
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 21:32:13 +0000 
add of list, 
tell chris to line both sides of waterfall with bougevilla. bring bences from pops to sundial 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988411

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988412.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Daphne Wallace
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 21:33:01 +0000 
nothing came from jaredian 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988412

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988413.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Lang, Caroline" 
Subject: Re: Tomorrow 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 21:35:08 -F0000 
jenn my asst will be there to greet you and guide you to haveing a restful great time hopefully, sorry i could 
not be there myself. but will check in late in day with you 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 5:33 PM, Lang, Caroline 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey 
We are very happy to fly to Miami tomorrow morning and look forward to stay a few days at your place 
I hope you are well 
Big kisses 
Caroline 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988413

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988414.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationggmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Harvard Scheule 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 21:37:26 +0000 
> 
remind me gardner, henry , gergen, boric 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 11:45 AM, 
Monday April 21, 2014 
Jeffrey's Harvard Trip: April 21-23, 2014 
wrote: 
3-5:OOpm Meeting at the Media Lab at MIT w/Joi Ito, Barnaby Marsh, Martin Nowak, Kevin 
Slavin 
Media Lab, Room 245 (Joi's Office) 
Amherst Street, Cambridge, MA 
Tues. April 22, 2014 BOSTON 
1:00pm Meet 
at PED. 
has until 2.15pm. 
will 
meet Jeffrey at PED and then walk with him to the Square (or where lunch is determined to be) 
1.20pm Lunch with Dan Gilbert and 
at the Square (Dan 
Dan can meet is 1.20pm. Still need to confirm Square for lunch
3:00pm Appt w/Dimitar Sasselov ( 
5.45pm Appt w/George Church ( 
Meghan is assistant: 
Earliest 
EFTA00988414
--- PAGE 2 ---
Wed. April 23,  2014 NY-BOSTON 
2:00pm Appt w/Andy Strominger ( 
3:00pm Appt wherry Kagen ( 
4:00pm Appt w/Dan Lieberman ( 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
) and Martin Nowak 
EFTA00988415

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988416.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Joscha Bach < 
>, Martin Nowak
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 21:37:58 +0000 
come meet me tues morning at martins ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988416

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988417.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 21:40:25 +0000 
Yuri, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988417

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988418.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 21:48:42 +0000 
Nothing arrived except Yuri, ??? 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Jeff reylpstein 
Sent: 4/19/2014 5:40 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
Yuri, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988418

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988419.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 21:55:34 +0000 
phones down? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988419

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988420.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 22:01:08 +0000 
move paris from to leave the 26th . return the fourth, leave 10pm return morning? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988420

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988421.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 15:34:05 +0000 
Attachments: 4D66FA68-868A-40EF-9E6C-C181ED2E6096.JPG; IMG_4888.JPG; IMG_4890.JPG 
EFTA00988421

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988422.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988422.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin <1 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 22:23:40 +0000 
did you get a chacne to call the hotline° 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988422

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988423.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 23:00:37 +0000 
Forwarded message  
From: Joscha Bach <1 
Date: Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 6:55 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Sure! 
> come meet me tues morning at martins ? 
> --
> 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988423
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00988424

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988425.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 23:08:05 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
sent it. 
We will se shortly. 
I can't thank you. 
Ifeel so horrible for dragging YOU FOR SO LONG into my neverending problems 
See you Tuesday 
Date: Sat, 19 Apr 2014 17:51:35 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
yuri, I thought more about our call. To remind you , I relied on your word, Bill relied on your word and larry 
bills chief of staff, confirmed your commitement to move forward only two weeks ago. However the very 
same day that I recieved a draft of the ppm marked the 27 th version. and after reading at least 10 previous 
versions, you asked your assitant to notify me that after 7 months of me moving fowward that you at the last 
minute had changed your mind. This is not fair , and though I am very understading of your other 
commitments. I find myself in a very difficult postion as a result of taking you at your word , accepting your 
handshake and counting on you fufulling your commitment. I have few alternatives but to continue to move 
in this space, and would hope that at least for the next two year s I could use DST as a back office.( until I could 
replace them ) accounting etc. 2. with your permission use the ppm excising your name and that of dst 
affiltates out. of it. and would hope that you would be a special limted partner. being charged no fees. 
whatsoever. I think this proposal is very fair.. and would appreciate a personal response as soon as you are 
able. thanks in advance 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
EFTA00988425
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988426

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988427.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Valeria Chomsky
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 15:37:33 +0000 
Ask Deborah to take z call from rich and tell him all he asks? 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 5:33 PM Valeria Chomsky 
October 22nd, probably. 
Valeria 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com>
Date: Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 11:29 AM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Valeria Chomsky
When will you stay until 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 5:28 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Call Deborah! And ask 
wrote: 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 5:26 PM Valeria Chomsky < 
wrote: 
Deborah hasn't responded yet. One of the invoices that Deborah sent us was about reversion of copyrights 
grants. Noam has assigned me the copyright of one of his books "Who rules the World" and that is being 
already the target of a law that allows reversion of copyrights grant. 
Also the lawyers keep saying that I am getting Noam's whole estate (meaning one of his two IRAs in 
Noam's name and meaning the one that was being used for family members distributions, Wellfleet rent in 
the amount of $50,000, other family expenses and our own expenses, therefore being depleted at a high 
speed). And I have an additional concern about the veracity of the facts: whatever is left of it, as I am still 
not an American citizen, will be subjected to taxes and since this IRA is being considered as the only 
estate Noam has, wouldn't all the expenses and taxes have to be paid from it, possibly bringing it to zero 
or worse, to negative, therefore whatever asset we would have out of this (such as our new house, under a 
mortgage), could be requested to pay debts? 
Just trying to understand the situation as we have been kept in dark by lawyers and accountants. It seems 
they have declared Noam as incompetent and incapable and are making all the decisions under someone's 
else guidance. 
Yes, we are still in Cambridge. 
Valeria 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 9:30 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
did deborah respond? are you guys still in cambridge? 
EFTA00988427
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00988428
--- PAGE 3 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988429

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988430.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Bamaby Marsh
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 00:51:54 +0000 
Jeff- I assume that we are going up to Harvard together on Monday; just let me know what time you are going 
up. If your plans changed, let me know that too - since I'm cancelling my other tickets tonight. 
Looking forward! 
On Sun, Mar 30, 2014 at 6:07 PM, Bamaby Marsh < 
yes! - Monday-Friday 
wrote: 
On Sun, Mar 30, 2014 at 3:45 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
are we still on fro the end of april at harvard for the week 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988430

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988431.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988431.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Bamaby Marsh
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 01:10:33 +0000 
yes we will leave the city at around 1030 am if that is ok with you , you can drive with me or meet me at 
airport. 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 8:51 PM, Bamaby Marsh < 
> wrote: 
Jeff- I assume that we are going up to Harvard together on Monday; just let me know what time you are going 
up. If your plans changed, let me know that too - since I'm cancelling my other tickets tonight. 
Looking forward! 
On Sun, Mar 30, 2014 at 6:07 PM, Bamaby Marsh < 
> wrote: 
yes! - Monday-Friday 
On Sun, Mar 30, 2014 at 3:45 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
are we still on fro the end of april at harvard for the week 
******* **************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00988431
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988432

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988433.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988433.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Paula Fisher <IMMI
> 
To: Epstein Jeevacation <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Contact 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 02:23:36 +0000 
Here is Maxime's email. Phone to follow. He needs a live in- but could be in every locale. He would like to keep 
his USA visa by formally getting hired by US 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00988433

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988434.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988434.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Greg Wyler
Subject: Re: fyi 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 09:17:45 +0000 
Did you receive your offer? 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, Greg Wyler 
> wrote: 
http://online.wsj.cominews/articles/SB10001424052702303603904579493440845328418? 
mod=WSJ_hp_EditorsPicks&mg=reno64-wsj 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988434

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988435.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: Re: FW: Can we please talk? 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 09:35:59 +0000 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, Boris Nikolic 
> wrote: 
Fyi 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Saurabh Gupta 
Sent: 4/20/2014 1:19 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: FW: Can we please talk? 
Boris, 
In response to your email below, we wanted to clarify a few things on our decision to not proceed with a 
healthcare fund: 
I) While we were serious with regards to our discussions, we always reserved our right not to proceed before 
the formal launch 
2) We therefore always encouraged you to keep our discussions around a potential healthcare fund strictly 
confidential beyond preliminary discussions with a small subset of friends as prospective LPs 
3) In addition, we never encouraged you to leave your previous job and in-fact were not even aware that you 
did so until recently 
I hope we can put this event behind us and find a way to work together. 
Regards 
Saurabh 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Boris Nikolic < 
Date: April 19, 2014 at 18:58:47 EDT 
EFTA00988435
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: Yuri Milner 
Cc: Yuri Milner Office 
, Anna Lebedkina ci
Subject: RE: Can we please talk? 
Yuri, 
I thought more about our call. 
To remind you, I relied on your word, Bill relied on your word and Larry (Bill's chief of staff), confirmed your 
commitment to move forward only two weeks ago. However the very same day that I received a final draft of 
the ppm (27th version), you asked Saurabh to notify me that after 7 months of me moving forward that you had 
changed your mind. This is not fair, and though I am very understanding of your other commitments, I find 
myself in a very difficult position as a result of taking you at your word, accepting your handshake and counting 
on you fulfilling your commitment. 
As I briefly explained you, I have few alternatives but to continue to move in this space. 
Also I remain convinced that it is super promising investment thesis and that a lot of return could be generated. 
I was thinking of your question what I would like. 
I) With your permission, use the ppm from which I would remove any reference to you, Saurabh, DST or any 
DST affiliates. 
2) I would hope that you would be a special limited partner. We could structure that you are not being charged 
fees. We could structure that you if you wish, have an opportunity to co-invest in various deals whatever makes 
sense. 
3) I possibility that I could use DST as a back office. (for two years or until or until I could replace them) 
accounting etc. 
I think this proposal is very fair and I would appreciate a personal response as soon as you are able. 
Thank you 
Boris 
EFTA00988436
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Yuri Milner [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, April 17, 2014 11:31 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Cc: Yuri Milner Office; Anna Lebedkina 
Subject: Re: Can we please talk? 
Boris, of course. 
Anna (cc'd) will help to coordinate the call on Friday or Saturday. 
Yuri 
Sent from my iPad 
On 15 anp. 2014 r., at 22:33, "Boris Nikolic" < 
> wrote: 
Please let me time that works for you. 
Boris 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988437

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988438.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988438.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 09:52:26 +0000 
Just tried. 
Will call again soon. 
On 20 Apr 2014, at 13:47, Jeffrey Epstein <jea®gmail.com> wrote: 
call now 
On Sun, Apr 20, 2014 at 1:03 AM, David Stem < 
wrote: 
Now in Dubai 
On 18 Apr 2014, at 19:30, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
later today 
On Fri, Apr 18, 2014 at 11:18 AM, David Stem < 
wrote: 
When can I call you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00988438
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988439

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988440.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 10:02:35 +0000 
On 20 Apr 2014, at 13:53, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
try now 
On Sun, Apr 20, 2014 at 5:52 AM, David Stern
Just tried. 
Will call again soon. 
wrote: 
On 20 Apr 2014, at 13:47, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
call now 
On Sun, Apr 20, 2014 at 1:03 AM, David Stern < 
> wrote: 
Now in Dubai 
On 18 Apr 2014, at 19:30, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
later today 
On Fri, Apr 18, 2014 at 11:18 AM, David Stem < 
> wrote: 
When can I call you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988440
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988441

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988442.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988442.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: Re: FW: Can we please talk? 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 10:48:55 +0000 
Sarub , this is less about reservation of your rights and simply more about basic right and wrong . 
I made some suggestions which I think are fair I would appreciate their consideration . 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
3407758111 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, Boris Nikolic 
> wrote: 
Fyi 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Saurabh Gupta 
Sent: 4/20/2014 1:19 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: FW: Can we please talk? 
Boris, 
In response to your email below, we wanted to clarify a few things on our decision to not proceed with a 
healthcare fund: 
1) While we were serious with regards to our discussions, we always reserved our right not to proceed 
before the formal launch 
2) We therefore always encouraged you to keep our discussions around a potential healthcare fund strictly 
confidential beyond preliminary discussions with a small subset of friends as prospective LPs 
3) In addition, we never encouraged you to leave your previous job and in-fact were not even aware that 
you did so until recently 
I hope we can put this event behind us and find a way to work together. 
Regards 
Saurabh 
EFTA00988442
--- PAGE 2 ---
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Boris Nikolic
Date: April 19, 2014 at 18:58:47 EDT 
To: Yuri Milner 
Cc: Yuri Milner Office 
Anna Lebedkina
Subject: RE: Can we please talk? 
Yuri, 
thought more about our call. 
To remind you, I relied on your word, Bill relied on your word and Larry (Bill's chief of staff), confirmed your 
commitment to move forward only two weeks ago. However the very same day that I received a final draft of 
the ppm (27th version), you asked Saurabh to notify me that after 7 months of me moving forward that you 
had changed your mind. This is not fair, and though I am very understanding of your other commitments, I 
find myself in a very difficult position as a result of taking you at your word, accepting your handshake and 
counting on you fulfilling your commitment. 
As I briefly explained you, I have few alternatives but to continue to move in this space. 
Also I remain convinced that it is super promising investment thesis and that a lot of return could be generated. 
I was thinking of your question what I would like. 
1) With your permission, use the ppm from which I would remove any reference to you, Saurabh, DST or an 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00988443
--- PAGE 3 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988444

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988445.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Dinner 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 14:03:37 +0000 
Caravaggio 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, 
What would you like for dinner tonight with Botstein and Schank 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00988445

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988446.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Greg Wyler"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: fyi 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 14:04:33 +0000 
Not yet. 
On Apr 20, 2014 2:17 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Did you receive your offer? 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, Greg Wyler la 
wrote: 
http://online.wsj.cominews/articles/SB10001424052702303603904579493440845328418? 
mod=WSJ_hp_EditorsPicks&mg=reno64-wsj 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988446

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988447.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Mark L. Epstein" <=IMIMI=> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Yo 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 16:40:11 +0000 
On IZMO passing the Breakers now 
In the ocean. Heading into palm beach inlet to have her hauled for bottom work. Heading to NYC after for the 
summer. I'll be in WPB for a couple of days. Them going tho NY while the work is done. Back next week. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00988447

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988448.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: President
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 15:49:38 +0000 
The best Hotel--I hope you are coming to the Beethoven 9--- is something called the Beekman Arms in 
Rhinebeck NY. Cute town. 
I won't know about tertje yet...,will keep you posted. 
What do you mean he has 1.2. million to help education? For CEU? 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 7:41 AM, jeffrey E. <jea®gmail.com> wrote: 
is there any great hotel near BArd, ? does the terje proposal have legs. . ? the election in austria is today 
and the new prime minisiter a friend of his. . I know he is thinking of around 1.2 million to help ecu, and i 
know soros is cheap. . 
I have no dog in the fight. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988448

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988449.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988449.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Bamaby Marsh
To: Joi Ito
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: meeting tomorrow 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 18:03:01 +0000 
Joi- Yes, I expect so. I don't typically do 2-hour meetings, so if it ends earlier that is fine. If possible, lets come to 
the meeting with some ideas outlined... See you then, Bamaby 
On Sun, Apr 20, 2014 at 11:33 AM, Joi Ito < 
wrote: 
Just confirming that we're meetin at 3PM tomorrow for around 2 hours in my office at E14-245. If the front 
door is locked, call me on 
Look forward to seeing you! 
- Joi 
EFTA00988449

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988450.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 18:46:23 +0000 
Gone back to her again. 
It's ok. I will be ok. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 20, 2014, at 2:22 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
??? 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, 
I need your help 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00988450

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988451.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 19:34:59 +0000 
Please don't say anything to him... I am planning a little torture which involves pretending I don't know. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 20, 2014, at 2:22 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
??? 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, 
I need your help 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00988451

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988452.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988452.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Joi Ito
Subject: Re: meeting tomorrow 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 20:59:30 +0000 
Yes 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, Joi Ito <Ma 
wrote: 
Just confirming that we're meetine at 3PM tomorrow for around 2 hours in my office at E14-245. If the front 
door is locked, call me or 
Look forward to seeing you! 
- Joi 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988452

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988453.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988453.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: xmas presents. tall road block, signature, tennis, masks, move statues, pots , flagpole rug , pictures 
grotto. rug grotto. solar . ken email service road arm rest covers 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 12:43:29 +0000 
xmas presents. tall road block, signature, tennis, masks, move statues, pots , flagpole rug , pictures grotto. rug 
grotto. solar . ken email service road arm rest covers 
EFTA00988453

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988454.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: President
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 15:55:00 +0000 
Wants not has 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 5:49 PM President < 
> wrote: 
The best Hotel--I hope you are coming to the Beethoven 9--- is something called the Beekman Arms in 
Rhinebeck NY. Cute town. 
I won't know about tertje yet...,will keep you posted. 
What do you mean he has 1.2. million to help education? For CEU? 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 7:41 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
is there any great hotel near BArd, ? does the terje proposal have legs. . ? the election in austria is today 
and the new prime minisiter a friend of his. . I know he is thinking of around 1.2 million to help ecu, and 
i know soros is cheap. . I have no dog in the fight. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988454

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988455.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: DS
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 21:30:34 +0000 
On Sun, Apr 20, 2014 at 8:00 AM, DS
When are you in Paris ? 
Or when can I come and see you in LSJ (if better for you)? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00988455

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988456.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Danielsiad 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 22:02:38 +0000 
are you in paris? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988456

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988457.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988457.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 22:31:38 +0000 
Here until Tomorw morning 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, 
> wrote: 
We are! We had a flight to miami this morning but weren't ready to leave. We will either leave tomorrow night 
earliest, or Thursday latest. Are you back? 
On Apr 20, 2014, at 6:02 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
are you still here? ny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988457

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988458.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 22:34:34 +0000 
are you back,? can you come tomorw at 9am, or your friend? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988458

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988459.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jean Luc Brunel
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 22:34:46 +0000 
new york 
On Sun, Apr 20, 2014 at 6:34 PM, Jean Luc Brunel 
I have tried to call you on island 
9999 
Sax from Summer; Mobile 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00988459

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988460.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988460.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin <1 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 22:58:31 +0000 
hotline? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988460

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988461.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nowak, Martin" <=I
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 23:50:21 +0000 
jeffrey 
i am very much looking forward to your visit!! 
when will you arrive tomorrow? 
where shall we meet? 
EFTA00988461

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988462.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988462.pdf
----------------------------------------
From:JS'rethistein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To:a 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 23:54:07 +0000 
Yes 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, 
> wrote: 
Snaeky dog , Do you think I could see Patrick sometimes in the end of this week at the salon ? I am just 
rinning short in time to finish all assignments by tomorrow but if you think I should come tonight I will 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988462

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988463.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988463.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "Nowak, Martin"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 20 Apr 2014 23:54:20 +0000 
Yes 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, Nowak, Martin < 
jeffrey 
i am very much looking forward to your visit!! 
when will you arrive tomorrow? 
where shall we meet? 
m 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00988463

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988464.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988464.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 16:05:43 +0000 
What is new door code ? 
EFTA00988464

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988465.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988465.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 00:17:20 +0000 
Great 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, 
I> wrote: 
Hello! Yes I m back can be tomorrow at 9! 
Thank you 
On Apr 20, 2014, at 6:34 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
are you back,? can you come tomorw at 9am, or your friend? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988465

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988466.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988466.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Joslin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 01:38:57 +0000 
No success Wait time was excessive. Will connect Mon AM. 
On Apr 20, 2014, at 6:58 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
hotline? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988466

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988467.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." leevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 16:06:21 +0000 
Ok . Happy to see you soon! Have an amazing next week ! 
On Sun, 15 Oct 2017 at 12:04, jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
According to what time I land 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 5:42 PM 
What time ? 
wrote: 
On Sun, 15 Oct 2017 at 09:50, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ok sunday 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 2:09 PM, 
 wrote: 
On Friday the 20th I have classes all day ... I will be free next Sunday ( all day ) 
And the week of 23 I will be free only after 6 pm every day . Is it ok for you ? ( after 6 pm?) 
On Sat, 14 Oct 2017 at 09:48, jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
on friday the 20th. / ? do you have class everyday the following week, ie week of 23. 
On Sat, Oct 14, 2017 at 3:46 PM, 
I> wrote: 
I will be on my yoga teachers training until 6 pm , can we make it after 6 pm? 
Or next week ? 
On Sat, 14 Oct 2017 at 07:32, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
class this weekend. ? I should return friday or sat. see you then 
On Wed, Oct 11, 2017 at 2:04 AM, 
> wrote: 
It was a parfume Flower Bomb by Victor Rolf. 
On Tue, 10 Oct 2017 at 05:41, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what was the name of that body balm . ? thx for your help. lots of work to do 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00988467
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988468
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
WE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988469

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988470.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 05:48:01 +0000 
I am worried about 
, 
I need to speak to you about it 
She is saying things that are not good. I have just been on the phone to her for an hour and a half. I am sleeping 
with my phone on so that she can call me any time of the night. You can obviously too 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00988470

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988471.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daniel
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Happy eastern Jeffrey 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 06:02:19 +0000 
Yes I am I arrived 3days ago , do you know when are you coming ! 
Best regards 
Daniel siad 
On 21 Apr 2014, at 00:02, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
are you in paris? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988471

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988472.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: President
Subject: Re: Thanks 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 10:00:29 +0000 
yes, if i am in town 
On Sun, Apr 20, 2014 at 10:54 PM, President < 
> wrote: 
Thanks. See you in May. Henry Rosovsky is coming for an honorary degree to Bard late in May. Interested in 
coming up for lunch with him? 
Leon 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988472

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988473.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mohamed Waheed Hassan
Subject: Re: Hi 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 10:03:38 +0000 
>, 
east 71 street. of course you can bring anyone you like especially someone with the name of Jeff 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 2:25 AM, Mohamed Waheed Hassan < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I was planning to leave on 18th, but now I will stay until 20th. Look forward to meet you on 19th. Should I 
come to your place on the 19th. I forgot the address now. 
I am looking at two lines of work now. One is in business, I have been working with China and Hong Kong 
based investors. 
Second, I am also looking at special assignment possibilities with the UN. This could include some peace 
building activities. I will be talking to Secretary Generals office. Can I bring my son Jeff also to meet you. He 
is currently Maldives Deputy Ambassador to the UN. 
Best regards, 
Waheed 
Sent from President Waheed's iPad 
On Apr 19, 2014, at 9:04 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jea@gmail.com> wrote: 
does the 19th work? 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 7:12 AM, Mohammed Waheed Hassan
Jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
How are you. Hope all is well. I have been traveling quite a bit but mainly in Asia; Hong Kong, Singapore, 
Malaysia, Cambodia, and China. But now I am planning to be in New York for a few days mid May. 
Would very much like to stop by and see you if you have time. 
Best regards 
Waheed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00988473
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988474

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988475.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988475.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: David Stern
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 16:09:11 +0000 
2512 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 6:05 PM David Stern < 
> wrote: 
What is new door code ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988475

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988476.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988476.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Mariana Idzikowska
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 10:09:02 +0000 
how was your easter 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988476

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988477.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "COLOM, Olivier"
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 10:43:53 +0000 
speak now? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988477

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988478.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez < 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 10:44:49 +0000 
explain to chris that itmakes little sense for sprliners to be on during the rainstorms 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988478

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988479.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Greg Wyler
Subject: Re: fyi 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 10:46:08 +0000 
they will drag it out. no reason for them to move . 
you can tell them that you are too busy actually working 
on the project to divert time so you will hire a banker to respresnt you 
On Sun, Apr 20, 2014 at 10:04 AM, Greg Wyler 
> wrote: 
Not yet. 
On Apr 20, 2014 2:17 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Did you receive your offer? 
On Sunday, April 20, 2014, Greg Wyler 
> wrote: 
> http://online.wsj.cominews/articles/SB10001424052702303603904579493440845328418? 
mod=WS.1 hp EditorsPicks&mg=reno64-wsj 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00988479
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988480

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988481.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988481.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mark Epstein
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 10:46:39 +0000 
in new york, would have been fun to swim out to your boat from the breakers 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988481

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988482.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988482.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Thorbjon Jagland
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 10:48:09 +0000 
tried to call you. was everything fine for the family.? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988482

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988483.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988483.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 16:11:04 +0000 
Thanks. When we are done with Alex and he's out, maybe we can talk about Saudi before I go there next week 
On 15 Oct 2017, at 18:09, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
2512 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 6:05 PM David Stem 
What is new door code ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00988483

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988484.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988484.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Mark L. Epstein"
To: "'Jeffrey Epstein"' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 10:50:41 +0000 
I remember 
swimming out to Uncle Louie's boat, the Tic Tac Toe, off of Seagate. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacation@gmailcom] 
Sent: Monday, April 21, 2014 6:47 AM 
To: Mark Epstein 
Subject: 
in new york, would have been fun to swim out to your boat from the breakers 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988484

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988485.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988485.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "COLOM, Olivier"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 11:02:10 -0000 
2014-04-21 6:59 GMT-04:00 COLOM, Olivier el 
What number? 
>: 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:jeevacatIon@grnall.com]
Envoyé : Monday, April 21, 2014 12:43 PM 
: COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : 
speak now? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
nécessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention exclusive 
des destinataires prévus par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le détruire immédiatement et d'en avertir l'expéditeur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son intégrité ne peut être 
assurée. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous réserve de tout accord par écrit 
EFTA00988485
--- PAGE 2 ---
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi Informatique et 
Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatisés dont il dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espeol I Chinese 
diD2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retum e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988486

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988487.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Melanie Spinella
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 11:02:58 +0000 
for the bedford piano, have Steinway send a voicer. to voice the new rebuilt, I will see brad face to face on 
either thurs or fri 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988487

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988488.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "COLOM, Olivier" 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 11:14:16 +0000 
group just walked in on me , sorry for the shortt goodbye 
2014-04-21 6:59 GMT-04:00 COLOM, Olivier el 
What number? 
>: 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:jeevacation@gmall.com]
Envoyé : Monday, April 21, 2014 12:43 PM 
: COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : 
speak now? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
nécessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention exclusive 
des destinataires prévus par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le détruire immédiatement et d'en avertir l'expéditeur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son intégrité ne peut être 
assurée. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous réserve de tout accord par écrit 
EFTA00988488
--- PAGE 2 ---
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi Informatique et 
Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatisés dont il dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espeol I Chinese 
diD2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retum e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988489

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988490.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Water Sprinklers 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 11:25:12 +0000 
Ok. 
Ann R. 
On Apr 21, 2014, at 6:44 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
explain to chris that itmakes little sense for sprliners to be on during the rainstorms 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988490

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988491.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 11:31:58 +0000 
ask for wholesake pirces for 500 plants 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988491

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988492.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988492.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Valeria Chomsky
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 16:50:40 +0000 
OK. 
Valeria 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey E <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 11:37 AM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Valeria Chomsky
Ask Deborah to take z call from rich and tell him all he asks? 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 5:33 PM Valeria Chomsky 
October 22nd, probably. 
Valeria 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey E leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 11:29 AM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Valeria Chomsky
When will you stay until 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 5:28 PM Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Call Deborah! And ask 
wrote: 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 5:26 PM Valeria Chomsky < 
wrote: 
Deborah hasn't responded yet. One of the invoices that Deborah sent us was about reversion of copyrights 
grants. Noam has assigned me the copyright of one of his books "Who rules the World" and that is being 
already the target of a law that allows reversion of copyrights grant. 
Also the lawyers keep saying that I am getting Noam's whole estate (meaning one of his two IRAs in 
Noam's name and meaning the one that was being used for family members distributions, Wellfleet rent in 
the amount of $50,000, other family expenses and our own expenses, therefore being depleted at a high 
speed). And I have an additional concern about the veracity of the facts: whatever is left of it, as I am still 
not an American citizen, will be subjected to taxes and since this IRA is being considered as the only 
estate Noam has, wouldn't all the expenses and taxes have to be paid from it, possibly bringing it to zero 
or worse, to negative, therefore whatever asset we would have out of this (such as our new house, under a 
mortgage), could be requested to pay debts? 
EFTA00988492
--- PAGE 2 ---
Just trying to understand the situation as we have been kept in dark by lawyers and accountants. It seems 
they have declared Noam as 
and are making all the decisions under someone's 
else guidance. 
Yes, we are still in Cambridge. 
Valeria 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 9:30 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
did deborah respond? are you guys still in cambridge? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988493
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988494

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988495.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Marring go to MIT meeting today? 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 12:07:51 +0000 
Yes 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 8:06 AM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Martin says he will be at PED at 2pm to meet you. He is asking if he will then get to accompany you to MIT 
for the 3-5pm meeting. Yes? 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988495

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988496.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: David Stern
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 12:10:23 +0000 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988496

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988497.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jean Luc Brunel
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 12:16:04 +0000 
I am really happy for you that you made it through. now on to the next chapter. . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988497

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988498.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ann Rodriquez
Subject: Re: LSJ work to be done 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 12:28:11 +0000 
find more bougenvillas or flopwering plants. , redo nanna tubes , deck and carpet. . cover pipes 
move pops garden benches to sundial. water leak in dental office, call dentist in st thaoms and ask 
realluy knows how to set up chair and closed water supply.. have chris get some autograhs to fill 
between palsm. , have ken send plants to cover credt balamce 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 8:04 AM, Ann Rodriquez < 
Hey Bossman, 
Just confirming work to be done by May 2nd... 
Anna: 
Flagpole Cushions. 
Flagpole couch moved to Five Palms. 
French cabinet goes under photos in Flagpole. 
Kitchen Couch steam cleaned. 
Fabric for kitchen seats. 
Small bright rug for master entry. 
Windbreak. 
Find Cactus. 
Daphne: 
Flat racks and Bali Furniture on Mister B Barge. 
Pokey: 
Floating dock bridge. 
Dock parking. 
Kite house generator door. 
Tile Grotto pillars. 
Dock carpet by Jet skies. 
Tiki hut leak 
Chris & Peter: 
Fishing line on Gym wall & Scar. 
Coral along service road. 
Waterfall lined with Bougainvillea. 
Wooden benches to Sundial. 
additional palms 
Chris to PR on Tues or Wed 
Build up back of basket to proctect from wind. 
Redo tennis court roads. 
Sheridan: 
Fix black bikes wheel alignments. 
Service all Red bikes. 
wrote: 
master road. , 
if someone 
in space. 
EFTA00988498
--- PAGE 2 ---
Danny E.: 
Finish Tennis court 
Yoga room A/C 
Deers to be gone. 
Lights at Tiki hut 
Ann R. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988499

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988500.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Peter Attia
Subject: Re: can I intro you to a patient 
Date: Fri, 15 Jun 2018 23:33:35 +0000 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 7:32 PM jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Im on cell if you like 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 5:51 PM Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Ok 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 5:41 PM Peter Attia  
 wrote: 
I think I'm taking off around 715. Weekend? 
Peter Attia, M.D. I Attia Medical, PC 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, 
including patient information protected by federal and state privacy laws. It is intended only for the use of 
the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, 
dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are not the 
intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message 
On Jun 15, 2018, at 5:32 PM, Jeffrey E. lea®gmail.com>
 wrote: 
After8 pm ? 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 5:19 PM Peter Attia 4 
I:. wrote: 
You have a sec to talk for context? 
Peter Attia, M.D. I Attia Medical, PC 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, 
including patient information protected by federal and state privacy laws. It is intended only for the 
use of the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that 
any review, dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If 
you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of 
the original message 
EFTA00988500
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Jun 15, 2018, at 5:04 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Of course 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 4:54 PM Peter Attia 
Barry Stemlicht 
Peter Attia, M.D. I Attia Medical, PC 
> wrote: 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, including patient information protected by 
federal and state privacy laws. It is intended only for the use of the personls) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any review, dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended 
recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message 
From: jeffrey E. imailto:jeevacationRgmail.coml
Sent: Friday, June 15, 2018 1:42 PM 
To: Peter Attia •,:
> 
Subject: Re: can I intro you to a patient 
Yes , name? 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 3:28 PM Peter Attia
Needs a "coach" on what to do when you're too rich. 
Peter Attie, M.D. I Attia Medical, PC I +1 (917) 232-1148 (m) 
> wrote: 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, including patient information protected 
by federal and state privacy laws. It is intended only for the use of the personls) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are not the 
intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message 
EFTA00988501
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00988502
--- PAGE 4 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988503

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988504.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988504.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
.te 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.corn> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 17:24:20 +0000 
I forgot the best part - used your lines too. Almost laughed out loud at one point. 
EFTA00988504

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988505.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988505.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ma 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 17:25:06 +0000 
They didn't say anything in particular in terms of dates but we are somewhere close because they said that 
they started reviewing cases from February and we switched our case in the end of February so it 
shouldn't take more than a month or two to hear from them 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 2:00 AM Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
immigration 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 9:03 AM, a 
Which meeting sneaky? 
> wrote: 
On Sat, Oct 14, 2017 at 3:53 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how did the meeting go? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Sincerely 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988505
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sincerely 
EFTA00988506

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988507.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: bellaklein 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Gul'sum Osmanova 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 14:28:57 +0000 
Attachments: 3233828_inv.pdf 
Jeffrey, 
The due date for Gulsum tuition balance to the New York Film Academy is 6/13/2014 in the amount of 54,950. It 
can be paid directly to the school. 
Gulsum will need $3900 for the hotel and $1500 for food and supplies expenses. Please advise. 
The housing info for 6 weeks in Paris is below: 
Hotel Adagio Montmarte 
Place Charles Dullin, 75018 Paris, France 
The cost will be $3,900 and does not include food. 
We suggest students bring $250 per week you are stain with us for food etc... 
The invoice for NY Film Academy attached. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Gul'sum Osmanova" < 
Date: April 16, 2014 8:07:38 AM EDT 
To: Bella Klein <I 
Hi, Bella. 
Don't you know the approximate date, when the payment check of NYFA studies and housing could come to 
my hands, so I could attach it to apply for a visa. 
I've done everything else needed besides it since got your money transfer a week ago. 
thank you. 
avec soin, 
Gesum Osmanova. 
EFTA00988507

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988508.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: George Church 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 15:46:57 +0000 
Yes taxi 
On Monday, April 21, 2014, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
George Church cannot come to Martin's institute tomorrow and is asking if you could meet him at his office at 
5:45pm instead...takes 15-20 minutes via taxi to get to George's office from PED. Please advise if OK for you 
to go to George's office...and if so, do you want to take a taxi or hire a car service? 
Tues. April 22, 2014 BOSTON 
9:00am Appt w/David Gegen a) 
(Monet is his assistant: 
10:00am Appt w/Joscha Bach ( 
cell 
1:00 pm Meet 
at Martin Nowak's Institute (M.• 
has until 2:15pm 
will meet you at PED and then (walk with you to Square (or where lunch is 
determined to be) 
1:30pm LUNCH iv/Dan Gilbert and 
reservations). a 
(Dan 
at Cambridge One, 27 Church Street (they do not take 
3:00pm Appt w/Dimitar Sasselov 
(he must leave at 4pm to go to 
Harvard Horizons at Sandors) 
5:45 m Appt w/Geoyge Church 
Meghan is assistant: 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988508
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988509

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988510.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Stern
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 17:49:15 +0000 
Ok 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 6:11 PM David Stem < 
wrote: 
Thanks. When we are done with Alex and he's out, maybe we can talk about Saudi before I go there next 
week 
On 15 Oct 2017, at 18:09, Jeffrey E. lea®gmail.com>  wrote: 
2512 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 6:05 PM David Stern <1 
I> wrote: 
What is new door code ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988510

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988511.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Barbro Ehnbom 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: REMINDER & CORRECTED DATE: OPPORTUNITY TO MEET US CONGRESS 
WOMAN DIANA DEGETTE IN NYC THIS COMING THURSDAY, APRIL 24! 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 16:30:12 +0000 
Attachments: April_24th_Evening_Reception_Invitation-4.pdf 
Dear Friends, 
It is with great pleasure I have the chance to invite you to meet my friend and champion 
for both women and life sciences in the U.S. Congress, Diana DeGette. 
As our SALSS 2014 keynote speaker, nobel laureate Dr. Peter Agre points out, there 
should be many more scientists in our government and although Diana is a lawyer by 
training, she has taken several important life science issues to her heart, including the 
legislation on stem cell research. She has been a very popular guest at SALSS and 
Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm and has become a role model for many of our young 
Best & Brightest women, both in Sweden and here in New York. I believe you can 
understand my great joy and pride to be able to invite a few of you to join us on Thursday 
APRIL 24th in the evening around 6.30 pm in NYC.This event is being generously hosted 
at the home of Pamela Church at 300 C.P.W. Please see the attached invitation for 
details. Please let me know if you can make it! 
Hope to see you Thursday! 
Best, 
Barbro C. Ehnbom 
Chairman Swedish-American Life Science Summit 
Office: f 
Cell: -I 
Sweden: 
360 E. 55 St. #10G 
New York, N.Y. 10022 
EFTA00988511

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988512.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988512.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Re: Job interview receipts 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 16:41:42 +0000 
Yes 
On Monday, April 21, 2014, Richard Kahn <1 
i will pay expenses from HBRK totaling 1790.50 
please advise response to john 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
to 
fa 
cell 917-414-7584 
I Begin forwarded message: 
From: John Christensen < 
Subject: Job interview receipts 
Date: April 21. 2014 10:52:38 AM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn c
) 
Hi Rich, 
> wrote: 
I put together my expenses for the US trip. The invoice and receipts are attached to this email, along with my bank 
information. 
Hopefully we can come to an agreement regarding salary that is fair for all. First and foremost, I am looking for a job 
with long term potential. Then I will have a chance to prove that I am worth the salary I have been paid in prior 
positions. So, I'd love to hear what Mr. Epstein feels is an acceptable compensation and then we can take it from 
there. 
Kind regards 
John Christensen 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988512
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988513

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988514.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988514.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal
Subject: Re: Phil Michaels/Annette Siegal's estate- Friday phone call? 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 16:41:42 +0000 
No 
On Monday, April 21, 2014, Peggy Siegal < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey/Josh...does this sound right. Peg 
Original Message  
From: 
[mailto: 
Sent: Monday, April 21, 2014 09:51 AM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: Phil Michaels/Annette Siegal's estate- Friday phone call? 
Peggy 
I spoke with Philip Michaels. He advised that there is an informal agreement that you would receive $50,000 
off the top of the credit shelter trust and everything else would be split equally. He advised that Joshua had 
requested statements reflecting assets on hand and that your brother has delayed providing the information 
requested. 
Is this consistent with your understanding? 
Jim 
James R. George 
Shareholder 
Greenbe Trauri , P.A. 401 East Las Olas Boulevard Suite 2000 I Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
Tel 
F 
Cell 
www.gtlaw.com 
Original Message-----
From: Peggy Siegal [mailto 
Sent: Monday, April 21, 2014 9:32 AM 
To: George, James R. (Shld-FTL-LT)
Cc: 
; jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Re: Phil Michaels/Annette Siegal's estate- Friday phone call? 
Welcome to the delay of Phil Michaels. 
I found copies of my mother and father's Last Will and Testament from Dec. 10th, 1982...(Cleaning my 
apartment.) 
EFTA00988514
--- PAGE 2 ---
Do you have these or can I send copies. 
Peggy 
Original Message  
From: 
[mailto: 
Sent: Monday, April 21, 2014 09:15 AM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Cc: 
; jeevacation@gmail.com cjeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Phil Michaels/Annette Siegal's estate- Friday phone call? 
He responded. We will talk when I finish with court this morning. 
Jim 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 21, 2014, at 7:32 AM, "Peggy Siegal" 
wrote: 
> Jim/Martin...did you speak to Phil on last Friday (Good Friday)? 
> Any update? 
> Thanks. 
> Peggy Siegal 
If you are not an intended recipient of confidential and privileged information in this email, please delete it, 
notify us immediately at postmaster@gtlaw.com, and do not use or disseminate such information. Pursuant to 
IRS Circular 230, any tax advice in this email may not be used to avoid tax penalties or to promote, market or 
recommend any matter herein. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988515

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988516.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Justin Nelson 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 16:57:43 +0000 
Ok 
On Monday, April 21, 2014, 
> wrote: 
Justin Nelson is asking if he could come see you on Thursday April 24th at 5:15...I have nothing on the 
calendar for you on this date as of yet. 
OK to schedule Justin at 5:15pm this Thursday? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988516

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988517.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988517.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "Farkas, Andrew L."
Subject: Re: Paris 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 17:14:37 +0000 
sorry, fyi I had austin to the island for the weekend, talk tomorw 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 1:02 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
wrote: 
The weather forecast is for rain from friday (4/25) through weds (4/30). As a result, I have cancelled that trip. 
Instead, we're going to Rome where the weather is forecast to be ideal. And the pasta is better. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or 
protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in 
this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with 
Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be 
received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988517

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988518.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988518.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L."  
To: ' 
" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Paris 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 17:15:43 +0000 
Interesting. I'm looking forward to hearing about that. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, April 21, 2014 01:14 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: Re: Paris 
sorry, fyi I had austin to the island for the weekend, talk tomorw 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 1:02 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. < 
wrote: 
The weather forecast is for rain from friday (4/25) through weds (4/30). As a result, I have cancelled that trip. 
Instead, we're going to Rome where the weather is forecast to be ideal. And the pasta is better. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or 
protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in 
this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with 
Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be 
received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988518
--- PAGE 2 ---
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA00988519

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988520.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nowak, Martin"  
To: Lesley Groff  
CC: JeAristein  <jeevacation@gmail.com>,
Subject: Re: David Gergen 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 17:51:28 +0000 
i am at PED 
On Apr 21, 2014, at 10:40 AM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
David Gergen will come see you at Martin's institute at 9am tomorrow. 
Tues. April 22, 2014 BOSTON 
9:00am Appt w/David Gergen (MM) 
10:00am Appt wiloscha Bach 
cell 
1:00pm Meet 
at Martin Nowak's Institute (=: 
has until 2:15pm 
will meet you at PED and then (walk with you to Square (or where lunch is 
determined to be) 
1:30 rntILING'Hii•arendr 
at 
3:00pm Appt w/Dimitar Sasselov (MM) 
Harvard Horizons at Sandom) 
5:45pm Appt w/Geo:ge Church I
 Meghan is assistant: 
(
) (Dan 
(he must leave at 4pm to go to 
EFTA00988520

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988521.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 18:13:58 +0000 
Okay - Rosita will be available in a half hour for pricing. 
Pm at the outlets w the girls :) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 21, 2014, at 7:31 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
ask for wholesake pirces for 500 plants 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988521

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988522.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn <I 
To: Adam Bly  
Subject: Fwd: April 12 payment - please advise 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 18:54:19 +0000 
funds have not hit jeffrey's account 
please send fed ref and update on status of wire 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fa 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard Kahn < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: April 17, 2014 12:57:48 PM EDT 
To: Adam Bly
wire not in account 
please send fed ref # from bank 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fa 
ce 
On Apr 17, 2014, at 12:42 PM, Adam Bly < 
> wrote: 
Hi Rich, I just got back to New York. Can you please confirm you received the wire. Thank you. 
Adam Bly 
CEO 
Begin forwarded message: 
EFTA00988522
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Richard Kahn 
Subject: April 12 payment - please advise 
Date: April 15, 2014 9:01:24 AM EDT 
To: Adam Bly < 
> 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
to 
fa 
EFTA00988523

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988524.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988524.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 18:04:46 +0000 
Bad connection. 'I have you' has been my emergency channel for over a decade now. It's a good one.. 
EFTA00988524

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988525.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: BMG < 
>, Richard Kahn < 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2018 00:19:58 +0000 
http://lvtreeservice.corn/gallery/attachment/ats_photo15/ 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988525

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988526.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin <1 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 22:26:43 +0000 
please send barry cohen the art inventiry for the trusts 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988526

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988527.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Garrison, Frank" 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 22:41:58 +0000 
Attachments: Bullet_Points_of Settlement_Agreement_Issues.docx 
frank seperate from the requests re the op agreement I think this reflects our conversation, if not please call 
me. on thurs, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988527

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988528.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: "Garrison, Frank"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 22:49:43 +0000 
> 
not that i know of 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 6:47 PM, Garrison, Frank < 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Thank you. Are there additional requests re the Operating Agreement not reflected on the attached? 
Frank 
Frank M. Garrison 
Island Capital Group LLC 
3100 West End Avenue Ste 1200 
Nashville. TN 37203 
On Apr 21, 2014, at 5:42 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jea®gmail.corn> wrote: 
frank seperate from the requests re the op agreement I think this reflects our conversation, if not please 
call me. on thurs, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<Bullet Points of Settlement Agreement Issues.docx> 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or 
protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
EFTA00988528
--- PAGE 2 ---
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you 
have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. 
Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification 
of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988529

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988530.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ramsey Elkholy
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 23:02:21 +0000 
I will be in paris next week you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988530

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988531.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 23:04:39 +0000 
email Brock again and ask him to tell you why you have not heard from him? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988531

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988532.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988532.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Martin B. O'Connor II"
Cc: Pe 
Sie al 
ti 
, " 
" 
Subject: Re: Phil Michaels/Annette Siegal's estate- Friday phone call? 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 23:15:06 +0000 
>, 
martin, its simple , months ago josh and peggy asked for a rough , ( non audited accounting, ), peggy warned 
phil repeatedly that gary would take for himself more money than he deserved, phil told her don't worry he 
would go to jail if he did, peggy has been asking for an analysis, that shoudl take one hour. and a year has 
gone by with no response. . gary paid himself fees, refused to deal with the fact that he was a trustee of the 
trust that was for peggys benefit, and the money out of the trust was loaned to gary, 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 7:06 PM, Martin B. O'Connor II < 
> wrote: 
Have just landed from Italy. Let's speak in am. I received a message today from Phil Michaels. Before I return 
the call we will speak 
Best 
M 
Martin B. O'Connor, II, Esq. 
O'Connor, Morss & O'Connor, M. 
Post Office Box 979 
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07207-0979 
(telephone) 
(facsimile) 
> On Apr 21, 2014, at 11:29 AM, "Peggy Siegal" < 
> wrote: 
> Jeffrey/Josh...does this sound right. Peg 
> 
Original Message  
> From: 
[mailto: 
> Sent: Monday, April 21, 2014 09:51 AM 
> To: Pe 
Sie al 
> Cc:
> Subject: RE: Phil Michaels/Annette Siegal's estate- Friday phone call? 
> Peggy 
> I spoke with Philip Michaels. He advised that there is an informal agreement that you would receive $50,000 
off the top of the credit shelter trust and everything else would be split equally. He advised that Joshua had 
requested statements reflecting assets on hand and that your brother has delayed providing the information 
requested. 
> Is this consistent with your understanding? 
> Jim 
> James R. George 
> Shareholder 
EFTA00988532
--- PAGE 2 ---
> Greenbe Trauri , P.A. 401 East Las Olas Boulevard Suite 2000 I Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
> Tel 
Fax 
I Cell 
> 
> 
Original Message-----
> From: Peggy Siegal [mailto: 
II 
> Sent: Monday, April 21, 2014 9:32 AM 
> To: George, James R. (Shld-FTL-LT)
> Cc: 
; jeevacation@gmail.com 
> Subject: Re: Phil Michaels/Annette Siegal's estate- Friday phone call? 
> Welcome to the delay of Phil Michaels. 
> I found copies of my mother and father's Last Will and Testament from Dec. 10th, 1982...(Cleaning my 
apartment.) 
> Do you have these or can I send copies. 
> Peggy 
> 
Original Message  
> From: 
[mailto: 
> Sent: Monday, April 21, 2014 09:15 AM 
> To: Peggy Siegal 
> Cc: 
>; jeevacation@gmail.com <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
> Subject: Re: Phil Michaels/Annette Siegal's estate- Friday phone call? 
> He responded. We will talk when I finish with court this morning. 
> Jim 
> Sent from my iPhone 
>> On Apr 21, 2014, at 7:32 AM, "Peggy Siegal" < 
> wrote: 
>> Jim/Martin...did you speak to Phil on last Friday (Good Friday)? 
» Any update? 
» Thanks. 
>> Peggy Siegal 
> If you are not an intended recipient of confidential and privileged information in this email, please delete it, 
notify us immediately at 
, and do not use or disseminate such information. Pursuant to 
IRS Circular 230, any tax advice in this email may not be used to avoid tax penalties or to promote, market or 
recommend any matter herein. 
EFTA00988533
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988534

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988535.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988535.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: I FOUND IT 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 23:29:30 +0000 
I got rid of the bad guy! You told me to get someone, because ai cant wait to my 70. When he turned out bad, I 
got rid of him. I was sad for day or two and I was happy again. Yes, I messed the toefl but I can do it again. And 
way much better than last time. It's not just you who was dissapointed by my 89 points. But me! You have no 
idea what kund of 'depresion' I had from myself. 
I was going to gym as crazy as you told me. I didnt use to eat cookies half an year ago. But started ever since you 
told me to get weight. I didn't like to got fatter, but I did it. Not to dissapoint you. 
You told me to eat proteins, so I had salamon, yoghurts and lot of cottage cheese today. 
I found new place where to stay as fast as possible to show you I'm not just sitting on my ass. 
I want you to be proue of me, proud of yourself one day that you made me happy and successful in my life as 
you said it is you primar aim that makes you happy.. 
But I dont like those massages. I consider myself too smart to rub someones back for minimal money. So i got 
basic information about points and moves on how to do it. And i didnt need any certificate for it. I dont wanna do 
something that I dont like. As soon as I earn some money, I can give you that budget back. 
So tell me, please, even if neither of us know. What should I do on my track now? I won't bullshit no more... 
Honestly (i know i should not use this word but it fits in here), it helped me a lot that I saved some money from 
that massage certificate- so I could pay all neccessary fees conected with my arrival in here.. 
On Apr 21, 2014, at 7:11 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
You told me you wanted to learn, you have changed your mind, ok, singing is not going to help you, toefl 
test we talked about, you did not do well enough to get into a good school . You were on a great track , until 
you ignored my advice get involved with a bad boy, and since then , i hate to admit it but there has been little 
progress and in fact probrably a couple of steps back . you lost your patience and tried to get rid of your waist 
quickly, 
you tell me about salads. , diet cokes and cookies. Im not sure how to best help. but letting you 
bullshit both yourself and me Im sure is not the right thing 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 7:05 PM, 
> wrote: 
But I'm too smart to give massages and be cool as well.. 
So what should I do? 
On Apr 21, 2014, at 6:56 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
you say you want to get on solid finacial footing and you want to go on a singing path? ???? , you are too 
smart for this .. 
EFTA00988535
--- PAGE 2 ---
I spend the money that left for my flight ticket to the States, as well as for couple of singing Workshops 
that I found myself Pm crazy about. And for additional Visa and insurance fees I had to pay. And than it was 
suddenly zero. what addditional visa fees? , 
I didnt wanna make you dissapointed. mats the last thing I wanted to do. So I did w' 
First of all now I need to secure myself financialy at the beggining, than I willl be able to progress myself. 
I wish to get on the singing path, however, I've got no idea how to do it by nowt 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 6:40 PM, 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, when I was complaining about the cancellation of the massage classes you told me to go to meet 
some masseur and ask him to tell me how to do it. So i did. And i think you saw the proval. 
I went for everycooking classes as i promised and I was practising home as well. 
I spend the money that left for my flight ticket to the States, as well as for couple of singing Workshops 
that I found myself I'm crazy about. And for additional Visa and insurance fees I had to pay. And than it 
was suddenly zero. 
I didnt wanna make you dissapointed. Thats the last thing I wanted to do. So I did what you told me to: 
find and do what you like. 
First of all now I need to secure myself financialy at the beggining, than I willl be able to progress 
myself. 
I wish to get on the singing path, however, I've got no idea how to do it by now. 
On Apr 21, 2014, at 6:22 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
eating junk, cookies , sweets, fruit, 
so far you have not done the massage class that you 
received money for, I do not know if you did all the cooking classes. and how you spent the money for 
the food you were supposed to buy for it you have not yet learned anything that would make you more 
helpful to me,  you have not asked what you can do to help. I am disappointed. I will of course still 
help you, but as you know, I greatly dislike bullshit . 
" I didnt go to massage class , but i got a 
massage instead, and observed," is just plain wrong. you asked for money to learn, you told me the 
first time that the woman canceled and ... 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 5:56 PM, 
wrote: 
And how r u? Where are you? :-) 
My body is super extremly tired from that change and arrival back to NYC :) 
Begin forwarded message: 
EFTA00988536
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Dat
l, 2014 at 5:39:48 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Re: I FOUND IT 
Great 
On Monday, April 21, 2014, 
Jeffrey, I found the appartement and I just love it! I was so lucky! 
> wrote: 
It's unbelievebly beutiful. It is only 1,500 + 50$/100$ for utilities plus one month deposit. Lady 
I'll be sharing with is very nice and easy going. She told me I can pay on the day when I move in. 
I'm so happy :-) 
Thank you, that you offered me your help. I wish to move in ASAP. 
You have probably no idea what a huge stone has just fallen down from my heart :) and 
everything just because of you! You made it possible for me :) THANKS 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988537
--- PAGE 4 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988538

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988539.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: BMG 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Dakota Well 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 23:32:10 +0000 
Short term no to drilling 
But if you wish to develop permitted water rights, will probably need to drill 
This will all be outlined in water development plan 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 22, 2014, at 10:51 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
no choice it seems , do we have to drill another well. this will be number 3" ? 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 6:34 PM, Brice Gordon 5 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey 
Attached for your reference: 
a memo from Casey Cook outlining "Water Supply at Zorro Ranch" 
photo from Dakota well showing wire bundle at 50ft 
1. Dakota Well 
Rogers confirmed that about 500 feet of wire was removed, the remaining wire has become stuck, despite further 
attempts this could not be retrieved. None of the sounding tube was recovered. Rogers opinion is that any further effort to 
remove the stuck wire, pipe etc. would be futile and recommends no further action. Casey Cook concurs with their 
recommendation. 
2. The Ranch requires, approx 25 afa per year for existing domestic, irrigation and ranch related use. 
The present infrastructure located at Wells 4, B & K is unable to deliver enough water to meet the needs of 
the Ranch. Well pump size, storage, distribution pumps and piping will all need to addressed to resolve this 
issue. 
3. Well 6 which is located close to Dakota Well has been brought back online to supplement the loss of 
production from the Dakota Well. 
Estimated production levels from Well 6 is around 25 gpm. Casey Cook recommends having the Well 
cleaned and a pump test performed to confirm production levels 
I have concerns regarding sustainability of this Well, but at this time there is no choice but to run it. 
Requesting approval to move forward with budgetary estimates for your review: 
I: Expansion of the existing water distribution system to maximized, production levels and to meet existing 
demand from Wells, 4,6,B & K 
2: Cleaning and pump test Well 6 
3: Prepare a water distribution plan outlining present and possible future development of Wells/Water 
Distribution to perfect existing water rights. 
Can we proceed? 
regards Brice 
EFTA00988539
--- PAGE 2 ---
Brice Cordon 
Zorro Ranch Rd 
Stanley, NM 87056 
Ph: 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988540

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988541.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ramsey Elkholy
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2014 23:42:49 +0000 
> 
Photosv 
On Monday, April 21, 2014, Ramsey Elkholy < 
wrote: 
I'll be in London next week...I'm in Riga now, so many gorgeous girls here! 
I will be in paris next week you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988541

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988542.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Joslin
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: TRA valuation from appraisal 12/ 2014 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 00:56:07 +0000 
Attachments: doc00652220140421194658.pdf 
Ori inal Messa e 
From: 
[mailto
Sent: Monday, April 21, 2014 8:47 PM 
To: Richard Joslin 
Subject: 
Scanner 
EFTA00988542

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988543.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Joslin 
To: "Barry J. Cohen" <
Illa> 
CC: Eileen Alexanderson 
Clapp 
Jeffre E stein <*eevacation®gmail.com>, art 
, Melanie Spinella 
Subject: RE: Art inventory 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 01:09:13 +0000 
Attachments: BLACK FAMILY 1997 TR JAPO_2LART INVENTORY_APRIL 2014.pdf; 
BLACK:FAMILY:2006:TR JAPOJLART:INVENTORY_APRIL:2014.pdf 
Mr Cohen: 
Attached is the current art portfolio for the APO 1 and APO 2 entities. While the vast majority of the items have 
been checked and verified, we nevertheless are continuing to review records from various sources to ensure we 
have precise cost, description, etc. for all items, particularly items acquired many years ago. Fair value is based 
on an appraisal performed by Sotheby's in June 2013. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Richard Joslin 
CFO 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Ave 
Ste. 1901 
New York, NY 10022 
(w) 
(c) 
----Original Message 
From: Ada Clapp 
Sent: Monday, April 14, 2014 12:09 PM 
To: Barry J. Cohen; Richard Joslin 
Cc: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: Re: Art inventory 
Hi Barry, 
I am forwarding your email to Rich Joslin of our office. He is the individual who is updating the art inventory 
and who can give you his timing. 
Best regards, 
Sent from my iPad 
EFTA00988543
--- PAGE 2 ---
> On Apr 14, 2014, at 11:47 AM, "Barry J. Cohen" <
IMMI=> 
wrote: 
> Jeff E thought the inventory would be done in April. Is it finished? I view this as an important step for the 
trusts to formulate an art acquisition policy. 
> This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and 
> intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are addressed 
> and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, 
> retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action 
> in reliance upon this information by persons or entities other than 
> the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email 
> in error please contact the sender and delete the material from any 
> computer. 
> Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA00988544

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988545.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: The, 22 Apr 2014 01:51:47 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.PNG; photo_2.PNG 
Sent from my iPhoneL
EFTA00988545

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988546.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Martin G. Weinberg" •MINIM> 
To: <jeevacation@gmail.com>,
Subject: CONFIDENTIAL - Media 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 03:28:24 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: Women_win_right_to_see_negotiations_thatied_tojenientiplea_agreement_for_billionair 
e_sex_offender -_Sun_Sentinel.htm; 
Appeals_court_rules_against_sex_offender_www_palmbeachdailynews_com.htm 
EFTA00988546

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988547.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: soon yi previn < 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 19:57:13 +0000 
https://www.newyorkercorn/culture/jia-tolentino/how-men-like-harvey-weinstein-implicate-their-victims-in-
their-acts 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988547

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988548.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Lawrence H. Summers"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 10:16:24 +0000 
think thither discussions re donor advised fund , vs private . for you , might be in order. 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 11:22 PM, Lawrence H. Summers < 
-> wrote: 
Interesting. Dinner was fun. 
Sent from my iPad 
Please note my new email address: 
On Apr 21, 2014, at 11:12 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
httplAvww.telegraph.co.uldscience/space/8091965/Nasa-unvei Is-bold-plans-to-send-humans-one-way-to-
Mars-to-colonise-planet.html 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988548
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988549

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988550.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 10:20:52 +0000 
I would like to see magnani tomorw afternoon.. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
at 930 am, 
EFTA00988550

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988551.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988551.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 10:21:24 +0000 
are you around tomoorw I m in soho part of day 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988551

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988552.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 10:26:07 +0000 
teterboro , move jet suite to today , 
On Tue, Apr 22, 2014 at 6:23 AM, Richard Kahn < 
wrote: 
Teterboro or white plains 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 06:20:12 -0400 
To: 
Richard Kahn it
>, Darren Indyke < 
I would Ike to change the plans to leave tonite wheels up 815 from bedford, to new york . 
cancel tomorrows people 
. rich pleaes deal with plane. darren notification. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988552

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988553.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 11:13:00 +0000 
>, • 
< 
if you give me your word that the money is really for your rent I will have 
give you 2500 dollars today . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988553

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988554.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: lawrence delson
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 11:59:27 +0000 
you can call my cell at 
thanks 
On Tue, Apr 22, 2014 at 7:58 AM, lawrence delson < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey 
I will be at Eileen first thing tomorrow. Can I get some background info/guidance before 
I go there? 
I am at school this am but I am around this afternoon. 
Best 
Larry 
Delson International, Inc. 
•. 
BOX 3776 
New York, NY 10163 
(T) 
(F) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988554

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988555.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 12:56:41 +0000 
if george church can do 3-4 , we would cancel dimtre and go from george to airport to catch 515 flight. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988555

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988556.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988556.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Bill Gates
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 12:59:40 +0000 
as you know yuri deal not happening. I will give you color of why when we speak, 2 we can skype before and 
/or after your daf meeting, Larry summers ( dinner last night ) said now that he understands it why would 
anyone of serious wealth ever prefer a private foundation. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988556

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988557.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ramsey elkholy
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 13:38:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.PNG; photo_2.PNG; photo_3.PNG; photo_4.PNG 
Came to see the brunette...working on the blonde. 
Sent from my iPhone_, 
;72, 
EFTA00988557

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988558.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jermaine Ruan < 
>, BMG 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2018 00:42:13 +0000 
jermain, I would like you to get the gym up to speed the movie room and test the outdoor speakers and intemet 
in the chillax room if you neeed asssitance ask brice to help find. we need it all up and runining by July 4, and 
ALL speakers at flagpole. . 
where are we with phones and intemet on gsj and lsj? thx 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988558

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988559.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: President
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2017 21:57:42 +0000 
terje friend KURZ won austria. is that helpful for you? 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 5:49 PM, President < 
> wrote: 
The best Hotel--I hope you are coming to the Beethoven 9--- is something called the Beekman Arms in 
Rhinebeck NY. Cute town. 
I won't know about tertje yet...,will keep you posted. 
What do you mean he has 1.2. million to help education? For CEU? 
On Sun, Oct 15, 2017 at 7:41 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
is there any great hotel near BArd, ? does the terje proposal have legs. . ? the election in austria is today 
and the new prime minisiter a friend of his. . I know he is thinking of around 1.2 million to help ecu, and 
i know soros is cheap. . I have no dog in the fight. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988559
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988560

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988561.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Dr. Magnani 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 15:49:56 +0000 
Magnani 
On Tuesday, April 22, 2014, 
> wrote: 
Dr. Magnani will see you tomorrow at 2:45pm. The dental office wants me to double check with you that you 
need to see Magnani (and not a cleaning with Ivy) 
Please confirm you wish to see Dr. Magnani. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988561

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988562.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988562.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Eileen Alexanderson
Subject: Re: meeting later this week 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 15:50:22 +0000 
Yes thurs 
On Tuesday, April 22, 2014, Eileen Alexanderson < 
wrote: 
Alan is in Europe on business Thursday and Friday, back on Monday. Are you in town on Monday to meet? If 
not, we can meet without him this week. Does Thursday work for you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988562

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988563.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988563.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 16:24:34 +0000 
Yes 
On Tuesday, April 22, 2014, 
wrote: 
Saying that I'll come to la ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 22, 2014, at 11:49 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Call 
On Tuesday, April 22, 2014, 
He responded at 3 am.( He is in Europe) 
'Sorry honey, call me when you wake up' 
I'm not calling until I've spoken to you ;) 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
wrote: 
EFTA00988563
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988564

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988565.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Danielsiad 
Subject: Re: Hello Jeffrey 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 16:54:37 +0000 
I am coming 
On Tuesday, April 22, 2014, Danielsiad < 
wrote: 
Please let me know if your not coming , I a m going back to Stockholm 
Please confenn so I can organize some meetings best regards 
Daniel Siad 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988565

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988566.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988566.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jes Staley <1 
To: "Jeffrey E. Epstein" <1 
Subject: Fwd: re-Introduction - Jes Staley -
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 18:29:52 +0000 
Should we meet at your place? 
Jes Staley 
Blue Mountain Capital 
Begin forwarded message: 
From:
Date: April 22. 2014 at 1:25:27 PM EDT 
To: ' 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: re-Introduction - Jes Staley - 
Nana Cunha 
Will do. Thanks 
From: Jes Staley [mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, April 22 2014 02:17 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic < 
Cc 
Rosa da Silva < 
Sull...troduction 
- Jes Staley - 
I am back in NY on Thursday. Veronica, can you call my assistant, Rosa, to find time to come to our office. 
Number 
Thanks 
Jes Staley 
Blue Mountain Capital 
On Apr 22, 2014, at 1:14 PM, "Boris Nikolic" < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jes, 
I think that 
All the best 
Boris 
s arriving to NYC tmr morning. It would be super helpful if you could find some time to meet her! 
From: Jes Staley [mailt** 
Sent: Wednesday, April 16, 2014 9:30 AM 
To: 
Boris Nikolic 
EFTA00988566
--- PAGE 2 ---
Cc: Rosa da Silva 
Subject: RE: re-Introduction -Jes Staley - 
Lets for sure get together. I will have my assistant find a time that works. See you next week. 
From: 
mail : 
Sent: ues ay, pn 
, 2014 10:57 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Cc: Jes Staley 
Subject: Re: re-Introduction - Jes Staley 
thanks Boris! 
Hi Jes, how are you? I just saw the aspen institute crowd sunday afternoon here in SP at a late lunch and Cliff 
Sobel was speaking about you - I was telling him about the mike ovitz visa thing which is when I got a call 
from you. but thats a while ago... I'm in NY next wednesday and if you have time it would be 
eat to meet 
for a coffee. otherwise I am often in town and might be back 2 weeks after that. all the best, 
PACIFIC INVESTIMENTOS 
Av. Faria Lima 2179, el 72 
Sao Paulo SP 01452-000 Brasil 
On Apr 15, 2014, at 10:33 PM, Boris Nikolic 
wrote: 
les and 
It is a pleasure to make this re-introduction) 
I know that you two talked in past (les - I think that you are 
talked on the phone) but I think you never met -
which really surprises mel 
EFTA00988567
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jes --is 
a dear friend for whom I have a huge respect. 
is a law and HBS grad, ex-GS/Leucadia now 
living in Sao Paulo and has advised the PE guys at JPM (One Equity). She has been running her own early stage growth 
fund and co-investing. Her early stage fund is backed by a number of top investors including JP Lemann and Marcel. 
I
-Jes is a legend so I do not need to say more ;) 
is in NYC every few weeks so it would be great that you meet next time in NYC (I think next week). 
les 
has some questions for which you might be uniquely position to answer so it would be really great if you 
can talk. 
I look forward to having drinks with both of you sometime soon! 
All the best 
Boris 
This e-mail is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. My review, retransmission. 
dissemination or other use of. or taking of any action in reliance upon. the information in this e-mail by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is 
prohibited and may be unlawful. If you received this in error. please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer. 
This communication is for informational purposes only. It is not intended as and does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any 
financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. All market prices, data and other information are not warranted as to completeness or 
accuracy and are subject to change without notice. Any expected returns are provided for ilustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as. and must 
not be relied upon by any prospective investor as. a guaranty. an assurance. a prediction of a definitive statement of fact or a probability. Investment in funds 
managed by BlueMountain carries certain risks, including the risk of loss of principal. Unless indicated otherwise. performance results are presented net of fees 
and expenses. Certain market and economic events having an impact on performance may not repeat themselves. Any comments or statements made herein 
do not necessarily reflect those of BlueMountain Capital Management. LLC or its affiliates. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF 
FUTURE RESULTS AND NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE THAT RESULTS SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN CAN BE ACHIEVED. 
This e-mail is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. My review, retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of. or taking of any action in reliance upon. the information in this e-mail by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is 
prohibited and may be unlawful. If you received this in error. please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer. 
This communication is for informational purposes only. It is not intended as and does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial 
instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. All market prices. data and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and 
are subject to change without notice. Any expected returns are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as. and must not be relied 
upon by any prospective investor as. a guaranty. an assurance. a prediction of a definitive statement of fact or a probability. Investment in funds managed by 
BlueMountain carries certain risks. including the risk of loss of principal. Unless indicated otherwise. performance results are presented net of fees and expenses. 
Certain market and economic events having an impact on performance may not repeat themselves. My comments or statements made herein do not necessarily 
reflect those of BlueMountain Capital Management. LLC or its affiliates. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS 
AND NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE THAT RESULTS SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN CAN BE ACHIEVED. 
This e-mail is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. My review, retransmission. 
dissemination or other use of. or taking of any action in reliance upon. the information in this e-mail by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is 
prohibited and may be unlawful. If you received this in error. please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer. 
This communication is for informational purposes only. It is not intended as and does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial 
instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. All market prices. data and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are 
subject to change without notice. Any expected returns are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as. and must not be relied upon by 
any prospective investor as. a guaranty. an assurance, a prediction of a definitive statement of fact or a probability. Investment in funds managed by BlueMountain 
carries certain risks. including the risk of loss of principal. Unless indicated otherwise. performance results are presented net of fees and expenses. Certain market 
and economic events having an impact on performance may not repeat themselves. Any comments or statements made herein do not necessarily reflect those of 
BlueMountain Capital Management. LLC or its affiliates. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS AND NO 
REPRESENTATION IS MADE THAT RESULTS SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN CAN BE ACHIEVED. 
EFTA00988568

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988569.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 18:54:03 +0000 
Tried to call. No dinner went back to ny . Tooth ache 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988569

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988570.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2014 18:55:42 +0000 
Went to ny dentist 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988570

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988571.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 15:33:06 +0000 
cost? maybe 
On Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 10:07 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Please see below from Dr Fallahpour. Did you want 
to do the Brain Mapping tests also? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Kamran Fallahpour 
Date: April 27, 2014, 10:02:36 AM EDT 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: 
Hi Lesley. 
I only need her for about an hour to complete the test. So, 9th would be 
best for that. 
On the other hand, when speaking with her in NYC last time she also 
expressed interest to do another set of tests (brain mapping) which is not 
for the purpose of school accommodations but something she wanted to pursue 
in order to do interventions that can help with improving her symptoms. 
This test takes 2-3 hours. I don't know if she would like to do these tests 
also when she is back which is something we discussed but did not have firm 
plans. Would you like to discuss that with her or should I email her about 
that? 
Let me know. 
Best, 
KF 
On 4/27/14 9:09 AM, "Lesley Groff' < 
> wrote: 
Good Morning Dr. Fallahpour. We are looking to have 
back in NY May 
9-11. She will arrive on 9th and we would like her t come see you for the 
remainder of the testing on the 10thgshe will depart on the 11th. May we 
EFTA00988571
--- PAGE 2 ---
please schedule her in with you for May 10th? 
Please let me know. 
Thank you very much, 
Lesley 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988572

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988573.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988573.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mariana Idikowska
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 15:48:33 +0000 
I fear that when you are in poland people try to make you feel bad. when you are with me you always feel 
good and positive, try to find an apt in warsaw if theat is what you want. lets rent one for the rest of the year if 
you want until you find one to buy. you are great. 
On Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 8:24 AM, < 
wrote: 
No i didnt go there. Maybe i should... Did you watched kanonization of John Paul 2? 
Wyslane z iPada 
Dnia Apr 27, 2014 o godz. 1:25 PM Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> napisal(a): 
did you go to rome? what time skype? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988573
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988574

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988575.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mariana Idzikowska
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 15:50:59 +0000 
https://www.airbnb.com/s/warsaw?source=hdr&scheckin=05%2F08%2F2014&checkout=12%2F12%2F2014 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
https://www.airbnb.cotn/s/warsaw?source=hdr&scheckin=05%2F08%2F2014&checkout=12%2F12%2F2014 
EFTA00988575

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988576.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Joscha Bach
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 16:09:47 +0000 
how was your first week? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988576

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988577.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Sara Wall 
Subject: barbro 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 16:44:02 +0000 
I am in ny only tomonv and then gone for a few weeks, if you would like to tell me more about your products, 
you can schedule some time . As Barbro might have told you I am also looking for a new asst to travel with us. 
any thoughts on candidates? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988577

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988578.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 17:09:15 +0000 
BARBRO SUGGESTED WE SKYPE 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988578

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988579.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988579.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 17:14:46 +0000 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988579

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988580.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 17:15:06 +0000 
LETS TAKE PHOTOS OF THE BALI STUFF 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988580

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988581.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988581.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez < 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 17:15:54 +0000 
we can keep the bali stuff in the old cafeteria,/ locker room until i get there and place the things. lets get little c 
into the yard asap 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988581

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988582.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Greg Wyler
Subject: Re: No subject 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 17:44:50 +0000 
On Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 1:19 PM, Greg Wyler < 
> wrote: 
Can I call you? On Apr 27, 2014 10:13 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
IF YOU THINK IT IS RIGHT FOR MICROSOFT, ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988582

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988583.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Greg Wyler
Subject: Re: No subject 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 17:48:30 +0000 
try for the next hourl 
On Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 1:19 PM, Greg Wyler < 
> wrote: 
Can I call you? On Apr 27, 2014 10:13 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
IF YOU THINK IT IS RIGHT FOR MICROSOFT, ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988583

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988584.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lana Zakocela
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 02:30:35 +0000 
In nyc for now 
Best regards, 
Lana Zakocela 
+1 9178564827 
Instagram @lanazakocela 
On 12 Oct 2017, at 16:11, jeffrey E.. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
paris 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988584

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988585.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988585.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Joscha Bach <, 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 21:02:50 +0000 
yes re apt 
On Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 4:47 PM, Joscha Bach 
> wrote: 
Amazing first week. Despite being mostly busy with bureaucratic chores, I have met a bunch of fascinating 
people. It is so great find immediate common ground, and see new ideas emerging. I am very curious where 
this leads. 
Next week, we will go to NYC for DLD; I get to speak on a panel about mind-extension. Can we please use 
the apartment on Tuesday? (Should I contact Leslie about this?) 
Bests, and thank you, 
Joscha 
> how was your first week? 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00988585
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988586

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988587.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 21:20:51 +0000 
Forwarded message  
From: Joscha Bach <4 
Date: Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 5:14 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Thank you! 
Am 27.04.2014 um 17:02 schrieb Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
> yes re apt 
> On Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 4:47 PM, Joscha Bach < 
wrote: 
> Amazing first week. Despite being mostly busy with bureaucratic chores, I have met a bunch of fascinating 
people. It is so great find immediate common ground, and see new ideas emerging. I am very curious where this 
leads. 
> Next week, we will go to NYC for DLD; I get to speak on a panel about mind-extension. Can we please use 
the apartment on Tuesday? (Should I contact Leslie about this?) 
> Bests, and thank you, 
> Joscha 
> > how was your first week? 
> > 
> > 
please note 
>> 
> The information contained in this communication is 
>> 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
>> 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> > the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> > Jeffrey Epstein 
> > Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> > communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> > and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
>> 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
>> 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> > destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
>> 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988587
--- PAGE 2 ---
> --
> 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988588

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988589.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff <lesleyjee@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Per Sue: I am working from home tomorrow 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 22:09:24 +0000 
feel better . 
On Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 5:29 PM, Lesley Groff <lesleyjee@gmail.com> wrote: 
I Per Sue...I am working from home tomorrow... 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988589

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988590.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn 
>, BMG 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2018 00:43:07 +0000 
the faulty batteries are pro solar problem not ours. we should not let them do a danny vicars job and remove 
the boards. and hot wire. . they installed we paid them they need to make good.. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988590

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988591.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 22:15:14 +0000 
lisa 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988591

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988592.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 22:36:59 +0000 
cal= and ask for 1015 othwerise 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988592

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988593.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 22:37:29 +0000 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988593

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988594.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Melanie Spinella
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 23:01:41 +0000 
to confirm, 25 tomorow. 20 july 15 , 25 oct 15 , 10 dec 15 , jan, last two open to modification. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988594

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988595.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation(itirmail.com> 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
, Melanie S inella 
, 
Richard Joslin 
. Ada Clapp 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 23:38:11 +0000 
leon has agreed to open trading accts at JPM DB and goldman sachs, ( their swat division. he should speak to 
blankfien and get coverage. ). we will get barn deutch and jpm to bid on the art, boat and plane loan , including 
establishing lines of credit. 
we will need accurate financial statement .. Leon will be involved in the negotiation of terms. ie jane Keller 
etc. these accounts should be in leons name alone, the joint checking acct will be serviced by melanie and 
except for household acct , joslin will oversee payments. 
I would like an all hands meeting on the 8 th of may . alan included, larry delson, we should have financial 
statments , drafts of tax return. cash flow. , and a fixed date to have results of the fire drill estate plan. 
eileen and rich I would like you to interview neesha as a bookeeper to help rich asap. get info from 
ada please put in bullet points questions re cap amounts for children, schedule of grat payments , please have 
victoria and alex sign temp wills . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988595

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988596.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 00:01:44 +0000 
if you get a chance introduce yourself to Leon Black, he is head of Apollo, will be speaking tuesday, he will 
be giving the media lab lmillion very soon 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988596

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988597.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 00:47:23 +0000 
lets think about a dinner, with terje, leon, ehud geitner, jes, balnkfein, balvatnik. summers on the 7th. and david 
blaine, . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988597

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988598.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 00:47:53 +0000 
can I buy tickets for 
for robin hood. I will not be here 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988598

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988599.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988599.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®grnail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 03:40:09 +0000 
thx 
On Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 11:26 PM, 
I will figure it out. 
wrote: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 20:47:53 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation®gmail.com 
To: 
can I buy tickets for 
for robin hood. I will not be here 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988599

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988600.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988600.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jean Luc Brunel
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 10:06:05 +0000 
call me if you can . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988600

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988601.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 10:28:10 +0000 
remdin me at 12 to call 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988601

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988602.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 10:28:27 +0000 
did you start your job? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988602

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988603.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 09:11:11 +0000 
i m back. i will receive the new saudi proposal in cuople of days .. are you still interested in looking at it? any 
update about your visit to kuwait? hh is in saudi today for couple hrs. lets hope for the best 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 14, 2017, at 1:43 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
having fun? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988603

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988604.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:04:08 +0000 
can we speak, nothing urgent. 
mongolia, schedule. catch-up Im in ny 7th and 8th 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988604

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988605.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988605.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:06:17 +0000 
hope you got some rest. Ill be in paris starting tornorw 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988605

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988606.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Anas Alrasheed
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 09:18:34 +0000 
I think the timing to GCC is early, 
I hope to visit kuwait in november. too many people descending on KSA 
currently. as there is a big investment conference. 
I am free to speak anytime today -Paris. 
I cant wait to see the musiems and the culture of 
your country. as it is unique. not the businessman who are similar everywhere :) 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 11:11 AM, < 
> wrote: 
i m back. i will receive the new saudi proposal in cuople of days .. are you still interested in looking at it? any 
update about your visit to kuwait? hh is in saudi today for couple hrs. lets hope for the best 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 14, 2017, at 1:43 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
having fun? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988606
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988607

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988608.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.coin> 
Subject: Fwd: Greeting from Bali 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:10:32 +0000 
Attachments: My_Update_CV.doc 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Kafrawi Yuliantono 
Subject: Greeting from Bali 
Date: April 28, 2014 7:07:56 AM EDT 
To: 
Dear Miss 
Kindly please find the attachment of my CV for positions as Private Butler Residence 
in New York or Miami florida 
Kindly please forward to Mr Epstein 
Best Regards 
EFTA00988608

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988609.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eileen Alexanderson < 
>, lawrence delson 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:14:37 +0000 
priorites. 1 financial statement. 2 . open loan, credit trading accts ( speak to me goldman, deutsch, jpm, ). 
renogiate insurance, . 4 fire drill. . 5 estate, continue. future grats, clts. etc. 6, art inventory, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988609

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988610.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation(itamail.com> 
To: Eileen Alexanderson < 
, Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:18:51 +0000 
I leave tonite, if possible I would like to see everyone today all at the same time larry , you ada rich larry rich 
darren rich. yes 3 rich's D J K 12 30 ? lesley sue please cooroidnati 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988610

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988611.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:25:59 -0000 
will you be in ny the 7th 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988611

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988612.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:26:37 +0000 
have you made plans re BXP 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988612

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988613.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988613.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: David Stern
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 09:24:28 +0000 
have you arrived london . ? 1. guy last night , interesitng. but a. if on budget why does he need 35 m in 
30days? 2. he said nothing about making money for others . only himself and how clever he is. /was 3. 
telling us how he is a grea deal maker does not transfer to planning and how do you get your money back. !! 4 
not wantting a fund , but a person , he wants a bank. he will lose control unless he comes up with the money , 
he said he could " sell assets" , silly, then he should. he is against the wall. a 10 percent pik , with a 20 
percent discount is much less than a deal would require. . but this should have been the conversation , not the 
clothes taxes and brand , dollars. . the investor is not buying a dress, he is buying an interest in distress. . there 
was little talk of money to finish the project. . ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988613

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988614.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988614.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Salar ICamangar
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:27:12 +0000 
are you around may 7 or 19th? interesting people at the house. I think you might enjoy. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988614

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988615.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Cecile de Jongh
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:29:13 +0000 
banking investigation??? did they stan.? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988615

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988616.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 11:32:24 +0000 
it keeps going to voivmail 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 7:24 AM, 
What happened? 
Sent from my Samsung Galaxy smattphone. 
wrote: 
------ Original message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:28/04/2014 15:24 (GMT+05:00) 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 6:15 AM 
We shall talk should look naturally as possible of course not through 
should stay 
Out of your experience what is the least material which is hurtful for 
Sent from my Sannamg Galaxy smattphone. 
Original message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:28/04/2014 15:12 (GMT+05:00) 
To 
Subject: Re: 
wrote: 
nipples as mine are very sensitive and 
the body and looks natural? 
I see you decided on a birthday present for yourself.. I. I am in favor of anything that is not dangerous that 
will make you feel better about yourself.. Therefore I would support the idea... that being said it is a 
very special operation. with various choices. entry through nipple. under arm, belly button. under 
breast. 
material, silcon. , gel, solid foam. , saline. . size , B. no larger, where, / brazil, los angeles, 
new york. you need somoen with a very specail eye. it also depends on amounnt of natural muscle. fat, 
shape, age, shoulders. nose, ;. as always I am there to help advise, . revonvery is easy. 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 6:06 AM 
wrote: 
Thinking about it...not sure so i ask expert advice:) 
EFTA00988616
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sail from my Samming Galaxy smaiiphone. 
Original message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date:28/04/2014 15:04 (GMT+05:00) 
To 
Subject: Re: 
I know them well. is it for you?\ 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 6:01 AM 
> wrote: 
What do u think about fake breast? 
Sent from my Samsung Galaxy xmartphune. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988617
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988618

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988619.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988619.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: John Brockman
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:01:36 +0000 
john ramo said i would like barabasi, isn't he one of yours 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988619

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988620.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988620.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Henri ues 
Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:07:08 +0000 
http://www.nptrust.org/daf-report/ I thought this link might be helpful to you as you got up to speed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988620

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988621.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: aziza alahmadi <
la> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 09:59:40 +0000 
I begin my letter with the greetings of peace as instructed by the Noble Prophet 
Mohammed. 
November 7 will mark one year since you and I met and laughed . Many things have 
changed since, and many, have not. You became crown prince and I remained a friend 
The economics of the kingdom have not done as well. At our meeting I suggested 
reviewing the actual goals of the kingdom and then reaching into a sphisticated tool box to 
offer solutions. A rethinking of the Aramco transaction was only a part of what I believe 
was needed. I recognized that the forces and momentum of aligned personalities , wall 
street , your advisors and third parties would put up roadblocks to new thinking. You have 
been a visionary with 2030 , but it takes NEW thinking to guide the money piece of the 
plan. Everything else in your vision relies on new views but the aramco transaction is 
stuck in the past. 
Having world wide shareholders , with rights to audit everything and everyone is , silly. 
Sorry for the bluntness.. You have been treated as if you are only a large company. you are 
not . you are a soverign with unique rights. You should amend the laws to protect yourself 
from JASTA. you are playing into the hands of the wall street demons. you need cash, you 
have resources . getting the money from third parties should be structured as debt. 
options swaps ( all new financial instruments at your disposal ). having shares that 
flucturate on a daily basis , leads to many bad consequences. The value of your entire 
holding could be volatile. based on a small percentage of stock trading. IT IS WRONG!! 
and dangerous.. 
For example , you could sell china an option to buy an interest for 100 billion dollars. . 
There are few commissions so many wall street people will not approve. This option 
would give you what you need , it would create a valuation for the whole , ( if that is 
important ). It will keep you safe from predators. 
In addition you should form a new 
digital currency - the first to be wholly shariar compliant. The muslim world will rejoice 
and its uses will be for the future. 
I do not want any money from you or the kingdom. I believe in what you are trying to 
do. I am happy to come visit , if you will devote the time . You invited me on your boat, but 
I dont like boats.:) your time is precious , i realize but the economy is the blood of your 
vision. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988621
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988622

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988623.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988623.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jean Luc Brunel
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:08:14 +0000 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988623

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988624.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:13:44 +0000 
Spoke to josh Ramo, and Brockman.. when are you next in new york.? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988624

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988625.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988625.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Danny Hillis 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:14:31 +0000 
1m on the island most of may, if you have time, come visit. bring whomever. Ferren is also welcome 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988625

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988626.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: nathanm 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:14:44 +0000 
how we doing:? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988626

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988627.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988627.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eileen Alexanderson
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:15:36 +0000 
you can also invite paul moris and justin nelsomn to stop by if the group is together 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988627

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988628.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:25:43 +0000 
how are you feeling. ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988628

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988629.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: Re: DC 7-9 May 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:37:56 +0000 
no , 
f you can 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 8:32 AM, ehud barak c 
Jeff Hi 
Yes. May 7 around noon till May 9 around 10am. 
Why? R U going 2 B in DC as well? 
Best 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
wrote: 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 14:25, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
will you be in ny the 7th 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00988629
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988630

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988631.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Marella Rossi Mosseri 
, Linda PINTO 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 10:20:01 +0000 
I mighrt go to marrakesh tomorw is it possibvle to arrange a viewing of property? hope you are well. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988631

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988632.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988632.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff <1 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:38:37 +0000 
addtional dinner, jes Jacob frankel. woody, checky,ij abrahms, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988632

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988633.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:39:01 +0000 
is jj abrahm s a future member? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988633

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988634.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: lvjet
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:41:04 +0000 
wash national? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988634

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988635.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.corn> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 12:50:41 +0000 
findme a new asstistant 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 8:50 AM, 
wrote: 
I did. Just the cravings are chasing me. Pm doing well so far. 
How is everything with you? How r u? Where are you? Is there something I can do for you to help somehow? 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 8:45 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
you have to stop entirely, none at all 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 8:44 AM, 
> wrote: 
Thank you Jeffrey. That would really help me. I feel my mood is falling seriously down without working 
down. Also my body. 
You are really great. Thank you 
I also bought vitamin and mineral supplements as you told me to. And filling myself with lot of proteins as 
well. :-) however, cravings for sweets dont wanna leave me, but it is much better than in the beginning 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 8:39 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I will pay for gym if you want 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 8:38 AM, 
> wrote: 
Still chasing for a new appartement. I found temporary place where I will stay till I find something for 
long term. I gave up on sweets. I finally did some sport yesterday- went run to central park and had 
some stretching there. 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 6:28 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> wrote: 
news? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988635
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00988636
--- PAGE 3 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988637

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988638.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988638.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 10:26:20 +0000 
• 
can we drop some things off today 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988638

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988639.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 13:01:32 +0000 
or 19th or june 1 shwartman, kissinger, 
remind me next monday, lotus flowers table. 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 8:55 AM, 
> wrote: 
sure, what date should this dinner be? (or are these pp to add in on the May 7th possible dinner?) 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 8:38 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
addtional dinner, jes Jacob frankel. woody, cheeky, jj abrahms, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988639

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988640.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988640.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: JEAN PIGOZZI
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 13:06:35 +0000 
I am considering going to panama with ehud barak on the 12th of may, will you be around? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988640

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988641.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 13:13:22 +0000 
I have peter thiel on the 19th in ny , if you like, as well as the former president of the maldives 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988641

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988642.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988642.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Anas Alrasheed
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 10:36:38 +0000 
always a treat speaking. please send me the mobile number? 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 11:11 AM, < 
> wrote: 
i m back. i will receive the new saudi proposal in cuople of days .. are you still interested in looking at it? any 
update about your visit to kuwait? hh is in saudi today for couple hrs. lets hope for the best 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 14, 2017, at 1:43 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
having fun? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988642

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988643.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988643.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "TEODORANI Eduardo (CNH)" 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 13:28:56 +0000 
you never came for easter, we waited , i will be in paris tomorw 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988643

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988644.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988644.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Danielsiad 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 13:29:10 +0000 
tomorwo wed , what is good for you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988644

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988645.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988645.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 13:30:11 +0000 
great 
On Mon,
wrote: 
Wednesday or Thursday 
On 28 Apr 2014, at 15:28, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
when do you come to paris? 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 9:25 AM, 
wrote: 
Let s talk about that in paris. I am still in rome 
On 27 Apr 2014, at 15:47, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
tuesday, would you like somothing from new york. do you need to find work in states. do you want to 
come to island in may, june? 
On Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 9:45 AM, < 
> wrote: 
When are you coming to paris? 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988645
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988646

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988647.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn
Subject: Fwd: Steve Hanson/Wifi for car 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 13:33:26 +0000 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 9:31 AM 
Subject: Steve Hanson/Wifi for car 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
See below...Steve thinks you would really enjoy wifi for your car 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Shanson900 < 
Subject: 
Date: April 28, 2014 8:07:26 AM EDT 
To: " 
Hope your great 
I have wifi in my car and it works great in nyc 
Gooele. Clear. 4g wireless mobile 
I think jeff will like the service 
Then to always see traffic conditions jojo can look at 
Waze. 
A site that gives updates by the second. 
I bought a mini pad for the car for this use 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00988647
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988648

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988649.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 10:40:59 +0000 
same here .. thnx sheik Jeff() 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 16, 2017, at 1:36 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
always a treat speaking. please send me the mobile number? 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 11:11 AM, < 
> wrote: 
i m back. i will receive the new saudi proposal in cuople of days .. are you still interested in looking at it? any 
update about your visit to kuwait? hh is in saudi today for couple hrs. lets hope for the best 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 14, 2017, at 1:43 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.cotn> wrote: 
having fun? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00988649
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988650

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988651.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Paul Morris meeting?? 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 15:00:36 +0000 
yes 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 10:56 AM, 
> wrote: 
Just confirming you said this morning Paul Morris to join the Eileen meeting today?? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988651

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988652.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988652.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 10:42:23 +0000 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 16, 2017, at 1:36 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
always a treat speaking. please send me the mobile number? 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 11:11 AM, < 
> wrote: 
i m back. i will receive the new saudi proposal in cuople of days .. are you still interested in looking at it? any 
update about your visit to kuwait? hh is in saudi today for couple hrs. lets hope for the best 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 14, 2017, at 1:43 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
having fun? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00988652
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988653

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988654.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988654.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Ada Clapp
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 15:06:27 +0000 
its the annity payments back that concern be as a new buy 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 11:04 AM, Ada Clapp < 
> wrote: 
Yes. 
Alan is on it (this is why we are carving BFP out of the LDB 2011 LLC before we do the installments sale to APO1). Alan 
indicated that gifts to GRATs and annuity payments from GRATs do not trigger Section 16 issues. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail cam 
Sent: Monday, April 28, 2014 9:03 AM 
To: Ada Clapp; Alan S Halperin 
Subject: Re: 
lets be concisous of 16 b problems, as leon will probabaly sell some stock 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 9:01 AM, Ada Clapp < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Attached is the GRAT annuity payment schedule I previously circulated. Is this what you are looking for (see 
highlighted below)? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacation@gmailcom
Sent: Sunday, April 27, 2014 7:38 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson; Melanie Spinella; Richard Joslin; Ada Clapp 
Subject: 
leon has agreed to open trading accts at JPM DB and goldman sachs, ( their swat division. he should speak 
to blankfien and get coverage. ). we will get barn deutch and jpm to bid on the art, boat and plane loan , 
including establishing lines of credit. 
EFTA00988654
--- PAGE 2 ---
we will need accurate financial statement .. Leon will be involved in the negotiation of terms. ie jane 
heller etc. these accounts should be in leons name alone, the joint checking acct will be serviced by 
melanie and except for household acct , joslin will oversee payments. 
I would like an all hands meeting on the 8th of may . alan included, larry delson, we should have 
financial statments , drafts of tax return. cash flow. , and a fixed date to have results of the fire drill estate 
plan. 
eileen and rich I would like you to interview neesha as a bookeeper to help rich asap. get info from 
ada please put in bullet points questions re cap amounts for children, schedule of grat payments , please 
have victoria and alex sign temp wills . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.corn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNS@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988655
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988656

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988657.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ada Clapp < 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 15:16:26 +0000 
yes 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 11:08 AM, Ada Clapp < 
> wrote: 
Let's get Paul Weiss to put it in writing then. Agree? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Monday, April 28, 2014 11:06 AM 
To: Ada Clapp 
Subject: Re: Re: 
its the annity payments back that concern be as a new buy 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 11:04 AM, Ada Clapp < 
> wrote: 
Yes. 
Alan is on it (this is why we are carving BFP out of the LOB 2011 LLC before we do the installments sale to AP01). 
Alan indicated that gifts to GRATs and annuity payments from GRATs do not trigger Section 16 issues. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Monday, April 28, 2014 9:03 AM 
To: Ada Clapp; Alan S Halperin 
Subject: Re: 
lets be concisous of 16 b problems, as leon will probabaly sell some stock 
EFTA00988657
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 9:01 AM, Ada Clapp < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Attached is the GRAT annuity payment schedule I previously circulated. Is this what you are looking for (see 
highlighted below)? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Sunday, April 27, 2014 7:38 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson; Melanie Spinella; Richard Joslin; Ada Clapp 
Subject: 
leon has agreed to open trading accts at JPM DB and goldman sachs, ( their swat division. he should 
speak to blankfien and get coverage. ). we will get barn deutch and jpm to bid on the art, boat and plane 
loan , including establishing lines of credit. 
we will need accurate financial statement .. Leon will be involved in the negotiation of terms. ie jane 
heller etc. these accounts should be in leons name alone, the joint checking acct will be serviced by 
melanie and except for household acct , joslin will oversee payments. 
I would like an all hands meeting on the 8 th of may . alan included, larry delson, we should have 
financial statments , drafts of tax return. cash flow. , and a fixed date to have results of the fire drill estate 
plan. 
eileen and rich I would like you to interview neesha as a bookeeper to help rich asap. get info from 
ada please put in bullet points questions re cap amounts for children, 
please have victoria and alex sign temp wills . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
schedule of grat payments 
EFTA00988658
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00988659
--- PAGE 4 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988660

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988661.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Anas Alrasheed
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 10:46:42 +0000 
mobile number? 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 12:40 PM, < 
> wrote: 
same here .. thnx sheik Jeff® 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 16, 2017, at 1:36 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.cotn> wrote: 
always a treat speaking. please send me the mobile number? 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 11:11 AM, < 
> wrote: 
i m back. i will receive the new saudi proposal in cuople of days .. are you still interested in looking at it? 
any update about your visit to kuwait? hh is in saudi today for couple hrs. lets hope for the best 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 14, 2017, at 1:43 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
having fun? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00988661
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988662

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988663.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Eileen Alexanderson
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 15:29:50 +0000 
today 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 11:27 AM, Eileen Alexanderson < 
wrote: 
Today or on the 8th? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Monday, April 28, 2014 8:16 AM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: 
you can also invite paul moris and justin nelsomn to stop by if the group is together 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00988663
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988664

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988665.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: zgregorova
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 15:30:20 +0000 
where are you? did you get over the ringworm, I will be in paris for the next ten days 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 11:19 AM, zgregorova < 
wrote: 
Of course, no problem. 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 9:37 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
zu , my friend micahela copied on this email is a model from bratislava, looking for a good gym in ny. 
any help you can be would be appreciated, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988665

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988666.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Anas Alrasheed < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 10:47:01 +0000 
thx 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 12:42 PM, < 
> wrote: 
+96599770170 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 16, 2017, at 1:36 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.corn> wrote: 
always a treat speaking. please send me the mobile number? 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 11:11 AM, < 
> wrote: 
i m back. i will receive the new saudi proposal in cuople of days .. are you still interested in looking at it? 
any update about your visit to kuwait? hh is in saudi today for couple hrs. lets hope for the best 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 14, 2017, at 1:43 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
having fun? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00988666
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988667

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988668.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ==.
> 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 10:53:40 +0000 
When should we brin 
back to NY? She is in Florida 
EFTA00988668

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988669.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 16:35:11 +0000 
Thank you for pitching me up with 
I was checking through the intemet as well. And she recommended me the gym that j already like the most from 
people reviews. It is Equinox- they are big chain all around the world. It costs from 150-200$ per month and 
memebership is for half an year, at least. Is it okay for you? I'm on my way to closest one to ask them about 
details. 
I already mailed couple of my friends in Slovakia- potential assistents. However, any of them is able to come to 
the States soon (visa, school, etc..) I'll be looking for girls here as hard as possible. 
Sent from my iPad 
On 28 Apr 2014, at 09:37 am, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
It
, my frien
copied on this email is a model from
 looking for a good gym in ny. any 
you can be would be appreciated, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988669

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988670.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988670.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <a 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Sue 
cas 
Subject: Paul Moths 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 16:39:52 +0000 
Paul Moths can come to the meeting today...he is asking if he should arrive at 2 or 2:30...please advise... 
EFTA00988670

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988671.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988671.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 11:03:35 +0000 
leave her there for a while let her help and learn all from 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at jaarv, Lesley Groff < 
I When should we bring 
back to NY? She is in Florida 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00988671

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988672.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.corn> 
Subject: Barbro 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 16:58:30 +0000 
Barbro called to find out how the patient is and to say that 
was delighted to speak with you. 
She says she wants to know how long you will still be here. 
EFTA00988672

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988673.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988673.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Paul Moths 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 17:18:40 +0000 
ok 
On Monday, April 28, 2014, 
> wrote: 
Paul Moths can come to the meeting today...he is asking if he should arrive at 2 or 2:30...please advise... 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988673

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988674.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Salar ICamangar
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 18:29:44 +0000 
hi Jeffrey! thanks for thinking of me, but i'll be in the bay area and then europe on those dates. 
best, 
--salar 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 4:27 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
are you around may 7 or 19th? interesting people at the house. I think you might enjoy. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988674

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988675.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 19:09:51 +0000 
Cannot wait! Thank you so much ! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 2:27 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Forwarded message  
From: Eva Dubin < 
Date: Monday, April 28, 2014 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation®gmail.com>
Confirmed three seats at Robin Hood fa, 
details attached. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<Robin Hood Benefit.pdf> 
and 
Invitation with 
EFTA00988675

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988676.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 11:05:10 +0000 
• 
can you send the door code? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988676

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988677.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Scott Peterson
To: Larry Visoski <fl 
CC: Jeffre E stein <*eevacation@gmail.com>, Lesle Groff 
, John Hotz 
, Dennis Morris 
, Mike Christ 
Subject: Re: Demo on the Bahamas boat. 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 19:22:20 +0000 
Hello Larry 
I hope your Monday is going well. As I thought we have a service team in the Bahamas working on that boat 
now. 
They were lifting the boat when the crane's cable snapped and the boat fell and the collar was impaled. That 
said they'll have this boat up and running well before weeks end. 
We are working on the agency to commit for the 17th. And we're getting air transportation information for 
where the best landing spots are. We should get have answers for you later today or tomorrow at the latest. 
More details to come. 
Scott 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 27, 2014, at 5:40 PM, "Larry Visoski" c 
wrote: 
Hello Scott, 
Is the boat that Jeffrey will demo in Nassau Bahamas similar model to the "Coast Gaurd" boat in St Thomas 
USVI? If I'm not mistaken, STT Coast Gaurd operates a SafeBoat in St Thomas,. 
We may arrive via Helicopter or Private Jet, if we bring the Helicopter, is it possible to land at Marina? Is your 
boat in Nassau closer to Cable Beach? Coordinates would help greatly. 
Thx, 
Larry 
(Pilot) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 27, 2014, at 8:11 PM, Scott Peterson < 
> wrote: 
Grand Bahama. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 27, 2014, at 5:03 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
EFTA00988677
--- PAGE 2 ---
mornig of the 17th would be great if possible which island in the bahamas? 
On Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 6:15 PM, Scott Peterson < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeff 
I hope you're having a great weekend. 
I would like to introduce you to John Hotz. John handles the Bahamas account and has talked to them 
about getting a demo on their boat. He will be arranging all the details for us. 
We have a technician in the Bahamas now doing service on the boat. So just let us know when you're 
available to travel to the Bahamas so John can arrange the timing. 
John is based in the Southeast and can easily meet you there. 
John, 
Please keep me posted on the progression of the timing. 
Thanks and everybody have a great Sunday. 
Scott 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988678

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988679.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Ann Rodriquez
Subject: Re: Grotto grout color 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 19:49:33 +0000 
dark gret 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 3:44 PM, Ann Rodriquez < 
Hey Bossman, 
What color would you like the grout to be? 
White 
Cream 
Blue 
Black 
Ann R. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00988679

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988680.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ann Rodriquez
Subject: Re: Grotto grout color 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 20:30:28 +0000 
can i see photos of bali furnutre 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 3:44 PM, Ann Rodriquez < 
wrote: 
Hey Bossman, 
What color would you like the grout to be? 
White 
Cream 
Blue 
Black 
Ann R. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988680

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988681.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, 
< 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 20:43:04 +0000 
Thank you! So fun. Ooh, Bruno Mars has such a sexy voice and I've always wanted to sleep with a midget! ;) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 1:41 PM, 
wrote: 
Wow!! THank you so much JEffrey. I remember going to this with you 11 years ago :)) 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 2:27 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
----- Forwarded message  
From: Eva Dubin czli 
Date: Monday, April 28, 2014 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Confirmed three seats at Robin Hood for.M, 
details attached. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
and 
=. 
Invitation with 
EFTA00988681

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988682.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ari Glass
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 20:56:57 +0000 
Thank you. I did even better — I wrote that if I drop 6.66% Of principal lock up out terminates-but we can have a side 
letter that allows 10% loss for your account © 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, April 28, 2014 4:56 PM 
To: Ari Glass 
Subject: Re: 
confirmed with some conditions darren will review with you, basicaly ,im in for the long haul unless you 
guys are off 10 percent, as you know my rules. speak with darren and if you have any quesitons email me 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 4:54 PM, Ari Glass 
wrote: 
Darren / Jeffrey 
I'm writing to check on status of PPM, sub does and side letter. We have a meeting this evening to finalize May 
allocations and it would be very helpful to have confirmation as to the May 1 investment. I don't need it 
signed today but an email indicating you expect it by June 1 will be very helpful. 
Thanks 
Ari 
Ari Glass 
Boothbay Management 
Managing Member 
810 7th Ave 
Suite 405 
New York, NY 10019 
(C 
(c 
The information contained in this e-mail and any attachments may be legally privileged, proprietary and/or 
confidential. If you are not an intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, copying, disclosure or 
distribution of all or any portion of this e-mail and any attachments is strictly prohibited. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender, permanently delete the e-mail and any attachments, and destroy all hard 
copies immediately. This communication should not be regarded as an offer, solicitation or recommendation to 
sell or purchase any security or other financial product. Boothbay and its related entities reserve the right to 
monitor and/or save all e-mail communications through their networks. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988682
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this e-mail and any attachments may be legally privileged, proprietary and/or 
confidential. If you are not an intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, copying, disclosure or 
distribution of all or any portion of this e-mail and any attachments is strictly prohibited. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender, permanently delete the e-mail and any attachments, and destroy all hard 
copies immediately. This communication should not be regarded as an offer, solicitation or recommendation to 
sell or purchase any security or other financial product. Boothbay and its related entities reserve the right to 
monitor and/or save all e-mail communications through their networks. 
EFTA00988683

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988684.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Garrison, Frank"
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 21:28:47 +0000 
??9
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988684

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988685.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 11:19:47 +0000 
https://www.webmd.comnitness-exercise/tc/meniscus-tear-topic-overview# I 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988685

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988686.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Daphne Wallace < 
>, "John P. Woods, AIA" 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 21:30:18 +0000 
I was told i would have something last week? 
is there a problem, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988686

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988687.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 11:26:41 +0000 
Best, 
Deborah 
Deborah Pechet Quinan, Esq. LL.M. 
Shareholder 
Chair, Trusts & Estates Group 
Ruberto, Israel & Weiner 
255 State Street 7th Floor 
Boston, MA 02109 
Tel: 
Tel: 
Tel: 
Tel: 
Fax 
E-mail: 
Firm's website: 
Firm biography: 
direct) 
cell) 
assistant —Jayne Mahoney) 
firm main line) 
> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988687

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988688.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation(cigmail.com>, Tyler Shears 
Subject: google profiles 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 21:44:24 +0000 
Attachments: private_foundation_profiles.docx 
Hi Jeffrey and Tyler, 
I reviewed google's first page for 20 different profiles-- all affluent/recipient of bad press/private foundation owners/ some 
with commonly used names. see attached. These are my observations about what to copy: Tyler, can we speak-- and I'll 
implement the items below... 
• Forbes Wealth profile— every single one had this on the first page. Can we get one? 
• http://celebritynetworth.com on 1st page of many. I'll try to get a profile done. 
• crunchbase.com on 1st page of many. Jeffrey has one, I'll update/ can we fortify this? 
• bornrich.com on 1st page of many. will try to get a profile done. 
• .org subpage urls: most profiles have their own .org or .com sites similar to jeffrey--but many of their .orgs have 2 
URLS that show up: ie: the .org and .org/about-namehere. So I'd like to change this in Jeffrey's main 2 sites. 
• Bloomberg businessnews features prominently. could we do a Foundation article for them? 
• what is ww5? Susan Komen had urls that I've never seen before: ww5.komen.org. what's that? 
• Susan Komen is an interesting study: despite fraud and tons of bad press, it doesn't appear until the 4th page. She 
has packed her first 3 pages with .orgs (one for every state). Don't know hey google allows this. 
• Biography.com, will try to get into this. 
• Non-related websites: profiles with more common names, like Jeffrey's ie Jim Kennedy: has 2 other non-related 
websites (photography & design) with the name in the url— so I'd like to create 2 as well: ie: jeffreyepsteinfurniture or 
jeffreyepsteineyewear etc. 
• edu's— these urls feature prominently as we discussed. PED is done but I'd like to know if there are other academic 
depts at Harvard or MIT or Stanford or anywhere that would consider a page for Jeffrey? 
• original urls: glasspockets.com jewishvirtuallibrary, britannica.com, jewishbusinessnews.com (Patrick Drahi had 3 
listings of this on the 1st page). 
• Foundation Center URLS: I asked to do this a long time ago, but I need a shell EIN number. ie Glasspockets.com 
owned by Foundation Center features prominently. 
Generally, most of these people had old bad press sticking to their 1st google page. Susan Komen was the exception. 
The list includes: 
George Kaiser 
Ron Perelman 
Michael Milken 
Patrick Drahi 
Rupert Murdoch 
Leslie Wexner 
Jim Kennedy 
Susan Komen 
David Koch 
Ronald Burkle 
Jon Stryker 
Chuck Feeney 
John Paulson 
Michael Herz 
cell: 
email: 
EFTA00988688

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988689.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "John P. Woods, AIA"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 21:47:13 +0000 
none 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 5:36 PM, John P. Woods, AIA < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Did you see Clarence's email? It was sent earlier today. 
JPW 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 5:30 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leeNS®gmail.com> wrote: 
I was told i would have something last week? 
is there a problem, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00988689
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988690

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988691.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "John P. Woods, AIA"
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 21:59:43 +0000 
Forwarded message ---
From: Daphne Wallace <I 
Date: Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 5:34 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Greetings Sir, 
Clarence told me this morning he would send you something in 30 minutes. This afternoon he said he has not 
sent anything, he was awaiting approval from John. 
Respectfully, 
Daphne 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 4:30 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I was told i would have something last week? 
is there a problem, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988691
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988692

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988693.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 22:08:27 +0000 
mostly x rated 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 6:04 PM, Mortimer Zuckerman < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, do you have any thoughts? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacation
gmail.com]
Sent: Monday, April 28, 2014 7:27 AM 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: 
have you made plans re BXP 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message is a private communication and is intended only for the named addressee. It may contain information which is confidential, proprietary andtor 
privileged under applicable law. If you are not the designated recipient. you may not review. copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error. 
please notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete this message from your system. 
Thank you. 
EFTA00988693
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988694

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988695.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Daniel
Subject: Re: Welcome to Paris 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 22:26:50 +0000 
any more photos. ? is there only the one girl 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 6:21 PM, Daniel < 
> wrote: 
Yes Wednesday will good in the afternoon if it's ok for you 
Daniel siad 
On 28 Apr 2014, at 15:29, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
tomorwo wed , what is good for you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988695

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988696.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 22:55:46 +0000 
it is easy, will save hundreds of millions but does not come for free. 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 6:04 PM, Mortimer Zuckerman < 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, do you have any thoughts? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtotjeevacation
gmail.com]
Sent: Monday, April 28, 2014 7:27 AM 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: 
have you made plans re BXP 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message is a private communication and is intended only for the named addressee. It may contain information which is confidential. proprietary and/or 
privileged under applicable law. If you are not the designated recipient. you may not review. copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error. 
please notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete this message from your system. 
Thank you. 
EFTA00988696
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988697

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988698.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 28 Apr 2014 22:56:29 +0000 
call me if you get a chance 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988698

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988699.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 01:09:18 +0000 
 [=. 
erin ncunnigham? 
On Mon, Apr 28, 2014 at 9:01 PM,
wrote: 
Who is a good date for charlie rose? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 28, 2014, at 6:56 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" leelai®gmail.corn> wrote: 
call me if you get a chance 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988699

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988700.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn 
>, Danielsiad 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 01:18:31 +0000 
rich pleae wire daniel ten thousand euros thanks 10k 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988700

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988701.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mariana Ithicowska
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 01:21:55 +0000 
I think your dyslexia creates emotional fragility. you are great. i dont want you to stop beliveing in yourself. 
you might want to try to let go of some beliefs that may be holding you back. . try new things, try a new apt. ? 
new classes. new places. go shopping for yourself.. Ill pay. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988701

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988702.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Brice Gordon
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 01:24:28 +0000 
how was your trip. did you see the boats? intemet, ? water. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988702

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988703.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mariana Ithkowska
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 10:59:10 +0000 
what surgery.? I am still in ny I did not feel well. why don't you viist some of the apamnents so you may find 
one or an area you like to concentrate in. I think poland is a mistake until sept or so . you should spend the 
summer exploring new places learning new thiongs, 
On Tue, Apr 29, 2014 at 3:21 AM, < 
> wrote: 
Thank you vaery much. Thank you for nice warm words. You are great. I planned couple of things. I booked 
yesterday singing classes at new place. mats acctualy makes me feel better. Also i have app for dysl here and 
surgery, which i should do a while ago (stone). Im gonna see some ppl i havent seen for years this weekend. 
Regarding apt the most intersting are old town and srudmiescie. I think its good idea. There is just one week 
left before i go, so maybe i should book this for my return. We have a graet national celebration in pl 1-3. Long 
weekend and lots of ppl are leaving. Everything will be closed. 
Tell me please how are you? How was your trip? 
Hugs 
Wyslane z iPada 
Dnia Apr 29, 2014 o godz. 3:21 AM Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> napisal(a): 
I think your dyslexia creates emotional fragility. you are great. i dont want you to stop beliveing in 
yourself. you might want to try to let go of some beliefs that may be holding you back. . try new things, try 
a new apt. ? new classes. new places. go shopping for yourself.. Ill pay. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988703
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988704

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988705.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 11:02:28 +0000 
I m still in ny, shouuld arrive tomorrww staying for 10 days or so. I hope you got the rest you really 
deserved. I will rearrange my schedule so that we can spend as much time as you need of want. BREATHE 
. listen don't let them stress you. 
On Tue, Apr 29, 2014 at 4:18 AM, A. de Rothschild < 
> wrote: 
Ho Jeff, have you arrived? How long are you staying ? I have today the banks General Assembly + board . 
Nadine has announced she will be represented by her lawyer. Will be interesting to see what they will vote . 
Tomorrow i have to go to London for Jacob s GA . What are your plans ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 28 avr. 2014, at 13:06, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
hope you got some rest. 
III be in paris starting tomorw 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
EFTA00988705
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988706

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988707.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Hanna Traff 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 11:05:03 +0000 
I would like you to tell me your dreams. . where you would like to live. how, type of life. . youve seen some 
that are differnent to the svenski life. aust 
On Tue, Apr 29, 2014 at 2:21 AM, Hanna Traff 
> wrote: 
Thank you for taking the time to speak with me yesterday. 
Hope you made it into Paris safely! 
Best, 
Hanna 
apr 2014 kl. 19:09 skrev Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>:
BARBRO SUGGESTED WE SKYPE 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA00988707
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988708

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988709.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "COLOM, Olivier"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 11:21:55 +0000 
On Tue, Apr 29, 2014 at 7:10 AM, COLOM, Olivier < 
wrote: 
Don't ask me...l haven't been in touch yet either, just heard from assistants 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:jeevacation@amall.com]
Envoyé : Tuesday, April 29, 2014 01:08 PM 
À : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
yes, I m not sure how anyne turns off their phone for a week or two. 
2014-04-29 7:06 GMT-04:00 COLOM, Olivier
is in Geneve this week as you must know. 
Happy to see you on Friday for example 
>: 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:jeti re g!al
ti] 
Envoyé : Tuesday, April 29, 2014 01:03 PM 
À : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
not yet, tomoonv hopefully 
2014-04-29 3:46 GMT-04:00 COLOM, Olivier < 
Are you in Paris now? 
>: 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et etablis a l'attention exclusive 
des destinataires prevus par l'expediteur. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le detruire immediatement et d'en avertir l'expediteur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisee de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son integrite ne peut etre assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou omissions 
contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un engagement du 
Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous reserve de tout accord par ecrit entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de 
Rothschild. Conformement a la Loi Informatique et Libertes, n 78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, 
modifiee par la loi n 2004-801 du 6 aout 2004, toute personne a le droit d'interroger le 
EFTA00988709
--- PAGE 2 ---
Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les traitements automatises dont it dispose 
contiennent des informations nominatives la concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire 
supprimer. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNS@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00988710
--- PAGE 3 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988711

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988712.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 12:46:40 +0000 
thanks for the herbs. use the toys I realize that your choices are now limited. I wish you well. good luck 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 1:55 PM, EMI
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Sony I just got your messages. 
We exchanged numbers with -o 
she can reach me next time sooner. 
Thank you very much for the presents. It is really lovely. 
■ 
On 16 on. 2017 r., at 13:05, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
can you send the door code? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988712
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988713

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988714.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 12:05:51 +0000 
any luck, jobs, fun apt? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988714

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988715.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "COLOM, Olivier"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 13:16:39 +0000 
try now 
On Tue, Apr 29, 2014 at 8:54 AM, COLOM, Olivier < 
wrote: 
Sorry got caught in my working lunch 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationeamail.o3m]
!nvoye : Tuesday, April 29, 2014 01:21 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
On Tue, Apr 29, 2014 at 7:10 AM, COLOM, Olivier < 
> wrote: 
Don't ask me...l haven't been in touch yet either, just heard from assistants 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:je
Envoye : Tuesday, April 29, 2014 01:08 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
yes, I m not sure how anyne turns off their phone for a week or two. 
2014-04-29 7:06 GMT-04:00 COLOM, Olivier < 
s in Geneve this week as you must know. 
Happy to see you on Friday for example 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [mailboleevacationegmall.com]
!nvoye : Tuesday, April 29, 2014 01:03 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
not yet, tomoorw hopefully 
2014-04-29 3:46 GMT-04:00 COLOM, Olivier < 
EFTA00988715
--- PAGE 2 ---
Are you in Paris now? 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et etablis a ('attention exclusive 
des destinataires prevus par l'expediteur. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le detruire immediatement et d'en avertir l'expediteur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisee de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son integrite ne peut etre assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou omissions 
contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un engagement du 
Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous reserve de tout accord par ecrit entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de 
Rothschild. Conformement a la Loi Informatique et Libertes, n 78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, 
modifiee par la loin 2004-801 du 6 aout 2004, toute personne a le droit d'interroger le 
Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les traitements automatises dont it dispose 
contiennent des informations nominatives la concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire 
supprimer. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988716
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeN
iiim@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988717

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988718.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peter Attia
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: can I intro you to a patient 
Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2018 01:31:44 +0000 
Missed you. I'll call this weekend. 
Peter Attia, M.D.' Attia Medical, PC 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, including patient information protected by federal and state 
privacy laws. It is intended only for the use of the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any review, 
dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email 
and destroy all copies of the original message 
From: jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, June 15, 2018 4:33 PM 
To: Peter Attia 
Subject: Re: can I intro you to a patient 
Im on cell if you like 222-533-3739 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 5:51 PM Jeffrey E. leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Ok 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 5:41 PM Peter Attia < 
> wrote: 
I think I'm taking off around 715. Weekend? 
Peter Attia, M.D. I Attia Medical, PC 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, 
including patient information protected by federal and state privacy laws. It is intended only for the use of 
the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, 
dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are not the 
intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message 
On Jun 15, 2018, at 5:32 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
After8 pm ? 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 5:19 PM Peter Attie .4 
 wrote: 
You have a sec to talk for context? 
EFTA00988718
--- PAGE 2 ---
Peter Attia, M.D. I Attia Medical, PC 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, 
including patient information protected by federal and state privacy laws. It is intended only for the use 
of the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any 
review, dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are 
not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original 
message 
On Jun 15, 2018, at 5:04 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Of course 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 4:54 PM Peter Attia < 
> wrote: 
Barry Sternlicht 
Peter Attie, M.D. I Attia Medical, PC 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, including patient information protected by 
federal and state privacy laws. It is intended only for the use of the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any review, dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended 
recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Friday, June 15, 2018 1:42 PM 
To: Peter Attia 
Subject: Re: can I intro you to a patient 
Yes , name? 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 3:28 PM Peter Attia < 
Needs a "coach" on what to do when you're too rich. 
> wrote: 
Peter Attia, M.D. I Attia Medical, PCI+1 (917)232-1148 (m) 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, including patient information protected 
by federal and state privacy laws. It is intended only for the use of the personls) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are not the 
intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988719
--- PAGE 3 ---
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00988720
--- PAGE 4 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988721

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988722.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jeanne Brennan
Subject: Re: Anna's Salary 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 16:33:04 +0000 
Yes 
On Tuesday, April 29, 2014, Jeanne Brennan
Jeffrey 
Should I process Anna's $3000 monthly bonus for April? 
Jeanne 
From: Jeanne Brennan [mailto 
Sent: Monday, March 31, 2014 2:34 PM 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: RE: Anna's Salary 
Jeffrey 
Should I process Anna's $3000 monthly bonus for March? 
Jeanne 
From: Jeanne Brennan [mailto: 
Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2014 4:39 PM 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: FW: Anna's Salary 
Jeffrey 
Should I process Anna's $3000 monthly bonus for February? 
Jeanne 
> wrote: 
EFTA00988722
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Jeanne Brennan [mailto: 
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2014 2:31 PM 
To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' 
Subject: RE: Anna's Salary 
Jeffrey 
Should I process Anna's $3000 monthly bonus for January? 
Jeanne 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Monday, December 23, 2013 5:13 PM 
To: Jeanne Brennan 
Subject: Re: Anna's Salary 
yes 
On Mon, Dec 23, 2013 at 5:01 PM, Jeanne Brennan < 
Jeffrey 
should I process Anna's $3000 LSJE monthly bonus for December? 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Tuesday, November 19, 2013 1:06 PM 
To: Jeanne Brennan 
Subject: Re: Anna's Salary 
no, her salary stays the same, i will decide on monthly bonuses 
> wrote: 
On Tue, Nov 19, 2013 at 5:02 PM, Jeanne Brennan < 
> wrote: 
Jeffery 
Confirming we will transfer Anna's STC salary of ($40,000) to USE and add 
it to the $3000 monthly bonus. Her annual salary for LSJE will be $76,000, 
effective with the next pay period. 
EFTA00988723
--- PAGE 3 ---
Thanks 
Jeanne 
Jeanne Brennan Wiebract, CPA 
The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged, confidential, 
and protected from disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you 
are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or duplication of 
this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete all 
copies. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.corn, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00988724
--- PAGE 4 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988725

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988726.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Garrison, Frank" <I
I=I=> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 17:29:32 +0000 
Embedded: unnamed 
EFTA00988726

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988727.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Garrison, Frank"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 17:33:31 +0000 
> 
Did not get 
On Tuesday, April 29, 2014, Garrison, Frank <j 
Jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
I don't know what you are intending to communicate here. I trust you received a revised version of the Settlement 
Agreement last week but in case you did not I am attaching and resending. I hope that we are able to wrap this up soon. 
Frank 
Frank M. Garrison 
Island Capital Group LLC 
One American Center 
3100 West End Ave Suite 1230 
Nashville, TN 37203 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleeyacationegmail.com]
Sent: Monday, April 28, 2014 4:29 PM 
To: Garrison, Frank 
Subject: 
999 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988727
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNS@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or 
protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you 
have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. 
Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification 
of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988728

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988729.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Garrison, Frank" <I
I=I=> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 17:35:49 +0000 
Embedded: unnamed 
EFTA00988729

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988730.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: "Garrison, Frank"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 17:41:25 +0000 
> 
yes thanks should get back to you by frid . im in paris 
On Tue, Apr 29, 2014 at 1:29 PM, Garrison, Frank 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I don't know what you are intending to communicate here. I trust you received a revised version of the Settlement 
Agreement last week but in case you did not I am attaching and resending. I hope that we are able to wrap this up soon. 
Frank 
Frank M. Garrison 
Island Capital Group LLC 
One American Center 
3100 West End Ave Suite 1230 
Nashville, TN 37203 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation
gmaii.corn]
Sent: Monday, April 28, 2014 4:29 PM 
To: Garrison, Frank 
Subject: 
.199 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00988730
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or 
protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you 
have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. 
Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification 
of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988731

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988732.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Garrison, Frank"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 17:44:13 +0000 
10-4. Thanks 
Frank M. Garrison 
Island Capital Group LLC 
One American Center 
3100 West End Ave Suite 1230 
Nashville, TN 37203 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2014 12:41 PM 
To: Garrison, Frank 
Subject: Re: 
yes thanks should get back to you by frid , im in paris 
On Tue, Apr 29, 2014 at 1:29 PM, Garrison, Frank 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I don't know what you are intending to communicate here. I trust you received a revised version of the Settlement 
Agreement last week but in case you did not I am attaching and resending. I hope that we are able to wrap this up soon. 
Frank 
Frank M. Garrison 
Island Capital Group LLC 
One American Center 
3100 West End Ave Suite 1230 
Nashville, TN 37203 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [maifto:jeevacation@gmail.com 
Sent: Monday, April 28, 2014 4:29 PM 
To: Garrison, Frank 
Subject: 
997 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00988732
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA00988733

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988734.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Svet
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 18:23:51 +0000 
Forwarded message  
From: Eva Dubin <I 
Date: Tue, Apr 29, 2014 at 2:22 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Ok. Done. Svetlana will be sitting at Glenn's table with Nicolas Berggruen. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988734

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988735.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988735.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 22:49:55 +0000 
did you meet leon.? do you know the winklevoss boys? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988735

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988736.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joi Ito 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 22:53:19 +0000 
No and no... 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 29, 2014, at 18:49, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
did you meet leon.? do you know the winklevoss boys? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988736

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988737.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Michael Wolff 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 13:26:58 +0000 
what is bannon view of steve wynn 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988737

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988738.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ari Glass
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 23:22:02 +0000 
yes 
On Tue, Apr 29, 2014 at 7:16 PM, Ari Glass < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I spoke with Darren (copied) and most of the changes he wants are not problematic. There is an 
issue related to entity number 2 where I need to guard against a very small chance of an asset liability 
mismatch. In order to get First loss traders we often need to give them lockups for a year. While the risk of 
them losing money on a first loss trade is small, it is certainly possible that we will need the capital to support 
their margin requirement. We don't expect to have much in the way of asset liability matchup problems. I 
bring this up with respect to the 10% drawdown provision. 
While we expect this is a very unlikely event and concede that this would mean we messed up and had the 
money pulled, we can't afford the tiny tail risk of giving back capital to investors and not having it to fulfill 
our obligations on the other side. 
I am probably comfortable with language that is onerous on me. For example, language that says that once I 
don't pay out a timely redemption in full I can't take out $1 of my money until you have received a full 
redemption back to you. Whatever I put in here I will likely need to do for all investors. Lawyers don't mind 
discounts but not ok with advantaging on liquidity provisions as that effects the others. 
Of course in this very unlikely scenario that some of the investment is still in there awaiting liquidation of an 
agreement on the other side, I would also waive all fees during that time. 
I'm open to other ideas. Its competitive to get first loss managers. We need to make sure that if the market 
asks me to lock that up for a reasonable period of time, that I can do that without fear. Again —unlikely to 
result in a real p&l event but more of a capital usage event. 
I'm around later tonight or tomorrow if you would like to discuss. 
Alternatively since this is really an issue for fund 2 which is a month or two away we can sign agreement now 
and just revisit over the coming week or two. 
Best regards 
ari 
EFTA00988738
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ari Glass 
Boothbay Management 
Managing Member 
810 7th Ave 
Suite 405 
New York, NY 10019 
The information contained in this e-mail and any attachments may be legally privileged, proprietary and/or 
confidential. If you are not an intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, copying, disclosure or 
distribution of all or any portion of this e-mail and any attachments is strictly prohibited. If you received this e-
mail in error, please notify the sender, permanently delete the e-mail and any attachments, and destroy all hard 
copies immediately. This communication should not be regarded as an offer, solicitation or recommendation to 
sell or purchase any security or other financial product. Boothbay and its related entities reserve the right to 
monitor and/or save all e-mail communications through their networks. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988739

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988740.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 23:56:00 +0000 
News? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988740

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988741.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2014 23:56:56 +0000 
Great 
On Tuesday, April 29, 2014, 
> wrote: 
I kept my promise and word. I just spent all the money you gave me for the rent. Thanxxxxx again very 
much!!! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988741

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988742.pdf
----------------------------------------
From 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 00:34:49 +0000 
Hi dear Jeffrey. How are you? 
No news :( Barry is silent.. Steve is silent:( 
My ex trying to make my life so complicated and miserable so I don't know how to deal with this anymore.. 
He wants me to pay him back for the car he bought for me and for all furniture which is in my apartment... it's 
ridicules.. 
And I have no money to do that:( 
No castings, no jobs, no money:((( 
But everything is gonna be fine.. I still believe in myself!!! 
Hope everything is fine with you my dear!!! 
Sendin my love, 
EFTA00988742

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988743.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 00:57:26 +0000 
How can I help 
On Tuesday, April 29, 2014, 
> wrote: 
Hi dear Jeffrey. How are you? 
No news :( Barry is silent.. Steve is silent:( 
My ex trying to make my life so complicated and miserable so I don't know how to deal with this anymore.. 
He wants me to pay him back for the car he bought for me and for all furniture which is in my apartment... it's 
ridicules.. 
And I have no money to do that:( 
No castings, no jobs, no money:((( 
But everything is gonna be fine.. I still believe in myself!!! 
Hope everything is fine with you my dear!!! 
S
lit: my love, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988743

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988744.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 01:00:12 +0000 
Jeffrey dear, thank you for asking.. But there is nothing you can do.. 
It's just me, and my problems, and I'm the one who has to fix them! 
I'll text you when my situation will get better:))) 
Million kisses:))) 
EFTA00988744

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988745.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern <MMINI=> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 09:00:31 +0000 
When can I call you? 
EFTA00988745

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988746.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 10:25:54 +0000 
happy birthday everything good. . do you have an asst for me? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988746

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988747.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Lang, Caroline" 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 10:26:19 +0000 
im in paris, looking forward to seeing you, DSK any day is fine 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988747

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988748.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Sandrine PAYET 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 10:26:39 +0000 
in paris, looking forward to seeing you 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988748

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988749.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Stern
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 10:47:01 +0000 
now paris apt 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 11:00 AM, David Stem < 
wrote: 
When can I call you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988749

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988750.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 10:47:16 +0000 
paris, you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988750

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988751.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 10:47:41 +0000 
paris , hope yesterday went well 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988751

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988752.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicholas Ribis 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <JEEvacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 13:37:57 +0000 
Just announced Colony(Tom) buying interest in Weinstien Co 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00988752

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988753.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L." 
To: leevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Need to talk to you. Where can I reach you? 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 10:52:17 +0000 
#? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, April 30, 2014 06:25 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Subject: Re: Need to talk to you. Where can I reach you? 
paris 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 3:43 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
> wrote: 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or 
protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in 
this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with 
Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be 
received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
EFTA00988753
--- PAGE 2 ---
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA00988754

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988755.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "Farkas, Andrew L."
Subject: Re: Need to talk to you. Where can I reach you? 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 11:18:07 +0000 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 12:52 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. < 
> wrote: 
#? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com 
Sent: Wednesday, April 30, 2014 06:25 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Subject: Re: Need to talk to you. Where can I reach you? 
paris 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 3:43 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. < 
wrote: 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is 
confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, 
disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and 
destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or 
hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988755
--- PAGE 2 ---
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or 
protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you 
have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. 
Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification 
of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988756

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988757.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Bella Klein 5 
>, Richard Kahn 5 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 11:18:47 +0000 
my phone shows no service, please check acct asap. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988757

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988758.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "Farkas, Andrew L."
Subject: Re: Need to talk to you. Where can I reach you? 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 11:38:14 +0000 
I tried you twice will be in meetings for next three hours. or give me a number ill try now 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 12:52 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. < 
> wrote: 
#? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (malitmjeevac
g
on
mail.com 
Sent: Wednesday, April 30, 2014 06:25 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Subject: Re: Need to talk to you. Where can I reach you? 
paris 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 3:43 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. < 
wrote: 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is 
confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, 
disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and 
destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or 
hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988758
--- PAGE 2 ---
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or 
protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you 
have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. 
Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification 
of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988759

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988760.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Merkin < 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 11:42:04 +0000 
are you comoing to ny? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988760

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988761.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: bellaklein
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 11:46:32 +0000 
Good what happened??? 
On Wednesday, April 30, 2014, bellaklein < 
> wrote: 
Called AT&T. Please restart your phone. It should work now. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
On Apr 30, 2014, at 7:18 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
my phone shows no service, please check acct asap. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988761
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA00988762

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988763.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 12:00:46 +0000 
Im in paris waiting 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988763

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988764.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988764.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Shaher Abdulhak
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 12:00:53 +0000 
Im in paris waiting 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988764

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988765.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Hanna Traff 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 12:02:22 +0000 
im in paris, might have time to skype later 
On Tue, Apr 29, 2014 at 8:21 AM, Hanna Traff 
> wrote: 
Thank you for taking the time to speak with me yesterday. 
Hope you made it into Paris safely! 
Best, 
Hanna 
apr 2014 kl. 19:09 skrev Jeffrey Epstein <jtost@r grtn>: 
BARBRO SUGGESTED WE SKYPE 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00988765
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988766

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988767.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 12:02:30 +0000 
im in paris, might have time to skype later 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988767

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988768.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 12:02:44 +0000 
are you in paris? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988768

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988769.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 12:03:36 +0000 
what happend im n paris skype later? 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 12:02 PM, 
when can we skype ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00988769

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988770.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 12:05:05 +0000 
> 
Forwarded message  
From: bellaklein  
Date: Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 1:58 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com>
International plan on your phone expired. They put a hold on the account for security. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
On Apr 30, 2014, at 7:46 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Good what happened??? 
On Wednesday, April 30, 2014, bellaklein < 
> wrote: 
Called AT&T. Please restart your phone. It should work now. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
On Apr 30, 2014, at 7:18 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
my phone shows no service, please check acct asap. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988770
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988771

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988772.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson <
Ma> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: FTLOA Foundation background 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 12:23:31 +0000 
Attachments: doc00703320140430071821.pdf 
FYI 
EFTA00988772

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988773.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 13:19:27 +0000 
julia„ kotick? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988773

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988774.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 13:55:20 +0000 
as your emotional block to paying high fees , is now fully understood, woudl you rather just pay a percentage of 
tax saved 
so that your choice is either paying 200 million or 100 in tax.? seems silly but maybe gets you 
over the hump 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988774

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988775.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jean Luc Brunel
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 13:56:02 +0000 
im in paris. when do I see you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988775

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988776.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 14:12:35 +0000 
what do you propose for the paris apt? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988776

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988777.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 14:21:25 +0000 
bring your comp model card, you will get a discount 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 4:00 PM, 
> wrote: 
Yay! Thank you very much, Jail 
Seems like pretty nice gym on the websites. 
Pm going to check it out today. First trial entry is for free. 
On Apr 30, 2014, at 9:19 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes of course 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 2:12 PM, 
> wrote: 
I took the one I mentioned- Upper West Side. 
I stayed in touch with her. She told me Equinox is great gym. Can you help me with membership there? 
On Apr 30, 2014, at 6:49 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
where is the apt? should i ask. 
to take you to gym? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00988777
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988778

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988779.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: "Jabor Y."
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 14:29:53 +0000 
I am in paris . you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988779

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988780.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: purevsuren 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 14:30:26 +0000 
I am in paris, terje and I are trying to travel to see you when most convenient 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988780

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988781.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Bill Gates c'
, Larry Cohen
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 14:32:32 +0000 
Im in paris, lets set a skype time the week if poss 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988781

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988782.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin <1 
>, Thomas Turrin
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 14:38:25 +0000 
draft 12 amended ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988782

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988783.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "McGraw, Thomas" 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 15:18:20 +0000 
can you sendme the daf on steroids info 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988783

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988784.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: paula
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 16:18:30 +0000 
happy birtday 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988784

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988785.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ada Clapp <1 
Subject: Re: Estate Planning Overview 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 16:51:41 +0000 
lets do the rough one first 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 6:13 PM, Ada Clapp 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
The initial draft of the overview values all of Leon and Debra's assets other than the GRATs as of April 16, 
2014 but models the GRATs differently. The GRATs are shown as if Leon survived each of the terms, 
received back all his annuity payments and paid a remainder to the Heritage Trust based on income and 
appreciation projections Eileen provided. This is a "quick and dirty" way of showing how the assets would 
pass if the GRATs are successful. It is not "technically accurate" from an estate tax standpoint. I discussed the 
approach with Alan and asked whether he thought this was a "meaningful" yet practical approach to take. 
Alan noted that it depended entirely on what you were using the Overview for—broad view of the flow of 
assets and liabilities on the death of Leon and Debra or an accurate picture of estate tax for liquidity planning 
purposes. 
He and I agreed that for the Overview to be a "more accurate" picture of Leon's estate tax, we will need to do 
a much more complex analysis that would require engaging Paul Weiss's fiduciary account (Carlos has 
apparently assisted another family office in a similar situation in this regard). Carlos would look at each 
GRAT on April 16, 2014 to determine whether the GRAT would be deemed to have failed (based on the April 
7520 rate) and determine what portion of the GRAT corpus (likely all) would be included Leon's estate. 
Carlos would also do a more accurate projection of the GRAT remainders based on variables we give him, 
such as (i) the date and amount of each dividend payment, (ii) what portion of each payment was made with 
BFP stock, (iii) application of a discount to the amount of BFP stock used to pay the dividend—which would 
require projected values of the stock, and (iv) value of the TRA applicable to each GRAT after each annuity 
payment. He could also build in assumptions such as Leon selling a portion of the AGM units during the 
GRAT terms. 
If Leon were only planning to do one or two GRATs, I am not sure the above exercise would be worthwhile. 
However, because we expect Leon to re-GRAT over time, and there could be many GRATs in place at any one 
time, it may be a very useful spreadsheet to have so that at any given time we have a more accurate picture of 
Leon's estate tax liquidity needs. However, I wanted to confirm with you that you and Leon would benefit 
from the more detailed analysis before engaging Paul Weiss to prepare it. I ask because, as you may recall, 
Leon's only comment when I gave him the last Overview was "What did this cost me?" 
Please let me know how you wish me to proceed. 
EFTA00988785
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ada Clapp 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue 
Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
Email: 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: Pursuant to IRS regulations, I inform you that any tax advice contained in this 
communication (including attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by any 
person or entity for the purposes of (i) avoiding tax related penalties imposed by any governmental tax 
authority, or (ii) proposing, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter discussed 
herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
This communication and any attachment is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain 
information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary. If you are not the intended recipient, you 
are hereby notified that further dissemination of this communication and its attachments is prohibited. Please 
delete all copies of this communication and its attachments and notify me immediately that you have received 
them in error. Thank you. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988786

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988787.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "Lang, Caroline" cj 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2014 16:52:49 +0000 
yes great for both sunday and monday 
On Wed, Apr 30, 2014 at 6:46 PM, Lang, Caroline 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey 
I have just arrived in Spain and my parents left for Marrakech . Tomorrow is Labor Day and lots of people 
have left for the weekend. 
My father was in the plane with the new wife of DSK. He is staying in Marrakech until Sunday. Jack asked if 
you are available to meet DSK on Monday in Paris. 
Also, my father proposes to see you on Sunday. He will be back Saturday evening. He wants to show you the 
new exhibitions at IMA. 
I will be back Sunday evening I hope you will be still in town so I can see you on Monday . I am in a great 
shape!thanks to my vacation in Palm Beach!!! 
Le 30 avr. 2014 a 12:26, "Jeffrey Epstein" leevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
im in paris, looking forward to seeing you, DSK any day is fine 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00988787
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988788

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988789.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 11:49:47 +0000 
f bar for 12 . and lets have a confence call with john hannan today re avioetta and plane 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988789

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988790.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Rich Joslin 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 11:59:48 +0000 
anytime 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 7:57 AM, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
Rich Joslin is asking what time you are available today. Please advise 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988790

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988791.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Flight to PB on Sunday 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 13:31:45 +0000 
yes , and book karyna a ticke that leaves palm around 5 for new york, jojo should drive marinai and pick up 
karyna 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 9:12 AM, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
Jet Blue has a flight on Sunday May 11th departing LGA at 4pm arrives WPB at 7:01 for $265.00. I can try to 
exchange the ticket she is currently holding to the island on Jet Blue to this one...OK to purchase the ticket to 
PB on Jet Blue arriving at 7:0Ipm on Sunday? 
On May 8, 2014, at 9:58 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> wrote: 
find mariana a ticket to west palm arriving 7 pm from new york 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNstirm®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988791
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988792

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988793.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eric Roth
Subject: Re: GIV 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 13:33:38 +0000 
both great 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 8:43 AM, Eric Roth < 
wrote: 
Good morning Jeffrey, 
How did you like the custom eye glass cases and the remote control cradle in the ledge? 
ERIC H. ROTH 
PRESIDENT 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988793

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988794.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Flight to PB on Sunday 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 14:08:27 +0000 
no this is for saturday not sunday 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 9:12 AM, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
Jet Blue has a flight on Sunday May 11th departing LGA at 4pm arrives WPB at 7:01 for $265.00. I can try to 
exchange the ticket she is currently holding to the island on Jet Blue to this one...OK to purchase the ticket to 
PB on Jet Blue arriving at 7:0Ipm on Sunday? 
On May 8, 2014, at 9:58 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
find mariana a ticket to west palm arriving 7 pm from new york 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988794
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988795

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988796.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Flight to PB on Sunday 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 14:08:47 +0000 
ticket for karyn also is saturday not sunday 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 9:12 AM, Lesley Groff  
 wrote: 
Jet Blue has a flight on Sunday May 11th departing LGA at 4pm arrives WPB at 7:01 for $265.00. I can try to 
exchange the ticket she is currently holding to the island on Jet Blue to this one...OK to purchase the ticket to 
PB on Jet Blue arriving at 7:0Ipm on Sunday? 
On May 8, 2014, at 9:58 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
find mariana a ticket to west palm arriving 7 pm from new york 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988796
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988797

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988798.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Stephen Hanson
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 14:14:06 +0000 
can you see if your guy can move the escalade seats back a couplke of inches if you get a chanve to drive in the 
new one let me know 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988798

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988799.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988799.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 14:15:18 +0000 
lets change the carpet in the esclade in ny to either a black or dark blue. thanks 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988799

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988800.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ivjet
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 14:43:21 +0000 
are there new escalades to drive? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988800

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988801.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988801.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Pierre-Yves ROCHON 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 14:54:52 +0000 
thank you . when are you next in ny? 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 9:18 AM, Pierre-Yves ROCHON < 
Envoye de mon iPad 
Debut du message transfers : 
Expediteur: Pierre-Yves ROCHON 
Date: 9 mai 2014 14:41:13 UTC+2 
Destinataire: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Amy Cassell <I 
>, ' 
Objet: Rep : 
> wrote: 
Good afternoon Mr Epstein , 
As promised , I asked Amy - who worked in my Chicago ' office during four years - if she was interested to 
help you personally in your different properties . 
She is interested to do it . 
You can reach her at this email address : 
I hope I answered you . 
Have a good day . PYR. 
Envoys de mon iPad 
Le 6 mai 2014 A 08:25, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
yesterday was fun, when are you next in ny? thanks in advance for any help you can be 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988801
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988802

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988803.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Barge update from Bosco 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:37:11 +0000 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bill Hague 
Subject: Barge. 
Date: October 16, 2017 at 9:39:19 AM EDT 
To: 
' < 
>, Rich Kahn < 
>. Daphne Wallace 
> 
Anna. 
I have inspected the barge. There is a small 1/4" by 4" tear in the hull forward port. I'm putting sealer in it and 
on it. It is normally above the water line. 
There is some internal damage on the port where the bulkheads meet the hull. This is damage that can be 
repaired later and will not hinder out use of the ship. I will send photos when the system allows it. 
The hydraulic pumps are in Puerto Rico in the FedEx facility. I'm hoping they fly here today. 
Motors run. No leaks. 
I experienced a vibration in the port side on the sea trial that needs to be addressed at some future opportunity 
but it's manageable but will slow us down a bit. 
The information I got from Carlos about damage to the barge and lack of any operational function of it, cannot 
be found. I have nothing positive to say about this. 
Karl and I have pumped out and inspected each compartment. I have confidence that we are good to go as 
soon as we receive and install the hydraulic pump. 
EFTA00988803

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988804.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: lawrence delson
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 14:57:58 +0000 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey E <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Fri, May 9, 2014 at 7:49 AM 
Subject: 
To: Richard Joslin • 
f bar for 12 . and lets have a confence call with john hannan today re avioetta and plane 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988804

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988805.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988805.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 15:25:47 +0000 
how is it possible that i asked you to come with me yesterday, as i needed your help . you told me yes, then you 
didn't even write me , but told karyna that you were too busy, 
this is UNACCEPTABLE> totally. 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 11:14 AM, 
> wrote: 
Hi Sneaky dog ! 
How are you? 
Could I ask from Bella money for April's rent I still haven't paid e© 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988805

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988806.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Marella Rossi Mosseri < 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:40:54 +0000 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Before I get the meeting organized with the owner, please confirm the date of your visit to Marrakech. 
Hope you are well to. 
2017-10-16 12:20 GMT+02:00 jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
I mighrt go to marrakesh tomorw is it possibvle to arrange a viewing of property? hope you are well. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988806

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988807.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 15:48:21 +0000 
this is bullshit, i asked you this one time, . one time, and you said yes, you told me you had it organized. 
no emaill no call, nothing, except at the last minute karyna told me you said you were too busy. do not call 
me today 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 11:45 AM, 
> wrote: 
Sony I should have ask you in person ... Ahhhhhh 
Yesterday I was out of my mind and stressed I had a paper die to yesterday and I had hard time to pass it 
before the time due . But honestly i thought you are canceled me and Jan and wanted to be just w Karyna in 
peace. Can I come tut ? I can take an evening flight 
On Friday, May 9, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how is it possible that i asked you to come with me yesterday, as i needed your help . you told me yes, then 
you didn't even write me , but told karyna that you were too busy, 
this is UNACCEPTABLE> totally. 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 11:14 AM, 
Hi Sneaky dog ! 
How are you? 
Could I ask from Bella money for April's rent I still haven't paid 0 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
wrote: 
EFTA00988807
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988808

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988809.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Danielsiad 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 15:54:09 +0000 
leanne texted me, i do not want to speak to her, if you pay for her ticket back to latvia I will reimburse you 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988809

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988810.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn
Subject: Re: Barge update from Bosco 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:41:12 +0000 
ask boscoe if there is something that we can do to help him. send down generator. etc. loan? 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 4:37 PM, Richard Kahn < 
wrote: 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Bill Hague itz
lE) 
Subject: Barge. 
Date: October 16, 2017 at 9:39:19 AM EDT 
To: " 
' < 
>, Rich Kahn < 
>, Daphne Wallace 
Anna. 
I have inspected the barge. There is a small 114" by 4" tear in the hull forward port. I'm putting sealer in it 
and on it. It is normally above the water line. 
There is some internal damage on the port where the bulkheads meet the hull. This is damage that can be 
repaired later and will not hinder out use of the ship. I will send photos when the system allows it. 
The hydraulic pumps are in Puerto Rico in the FedEx facility. I'm hoping they fly here today. 
Motors run. No leaks. 
I experienced a vibration in the port side on the sea trial that needs to be addressed at some future opportunity 
but it's manageable but will slow us down a bit. 
The information I got from Carlos about damage to the barge and lack of any operational function of it, 
cannot be found. I have nothing positive to say about this. 
Karl and I have pumped out and inspected each compartment. I have confidence that we are good to go as 
soon as we receive and install the hydraulic pump. 
EFTA00988810
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988811

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988812.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Fwd: Re: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 16:57:12 +0000 
Forwarded message 
From: Pierre-Yves ROCHON
Date: Fri, May 9, 2014 at 12:13 PM 
Subject: Re: Re: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Amy Cassell <I 
I will be in NY Friday 20 th June and Saturday 21st June . 
Thank . PYR 
Envoye de mon iPad 
Le 9 mai 2014 1 16:54, "jeffrey E." <jeela@gritn> 
a ecrit : 
thank you . when are you next in ny? 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 9:18 AM, Pierre-Yves ROCHON
Envoye de mon iPad 
Debut du message transfere : 
Expediteur: Pierre-Yves ROCHON 
Date: 9 mai 2014 14:41:13 UTC+2 
Destinataire: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Amy Cassell < 
> 
Objet: Rep : 
> wrote: 
Good afternoon Mr Epstein , 
As promised , I asked Amy - who worked in my Chicago ' office during four years - if she was interested to 
help you personally in your different properties . 
She is interested to do it . 
You can reach her at this email address : 
I hope I answered you . 
Have a good day . PYR. 
Envoye de mon iPad 
Le 6 mai 2014 a 08:25, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
EFTA00988812
--- PAGE 2 ---
yesterday was fun, when are you next in ny? thanks in advance for any help you can be 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988813

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988814.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988814.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cedric Villani 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:44:17 +0000 
: TR:] 
Dear Jeffrey, thanks for reaching out! How long will you be staying in Paris? 
Regards, Cedric 
Forwarded message from Cedric Villani .cz
> 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:38:25 +0000 
From: Cedric Villani 
To: 
Subject: TR: 
mnm 
De : jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Envoye : jeudi 12 octobre 2017 19:13 
A : Cedric Villani 
Objet : 
cedric. Joi Ito suggested that we meet, I also am friends with Misha Gromov who also speaks highly of you.. My 
area of expertise is money and digital currencies. . I am in Paris if you have some time for a coffee.. Jeffrey 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.conailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
II est rappele que tout message electronique est susceptible 
d'alteration au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
Ce message, ainsi que les pieces jointes, sont etablis, sous la 
seule responsabilite de l'expediteur, iti l'intention exclusive 
de ses destinataires ; ils peuvent contenir des informations 
EFTA00988814
--- PAGE 2 ---
confidentielles. Toute publication, utilisation ou diffusion 
doit être autorisée préalablement. 
Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
Il est rappelé que tout message électronique est susceptible 
d'altération au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
Vous pouvez consulter le site de l'Assemblée nationale à 
l'adresse suivante : http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr 
End forwarded message 
Cedric Villani 
Mathematicien, Professeur de l'Universite Claude Bernard Lyon 1 
Membre de l'Academie des sciences 
Depute de l'Essonne, President de l'Office parlementaire scientifique (OPECST) 
Assemblee nationale, 126 rue de l'Universite, 75007 Paris, France 
EFTA00988815

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988816.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 17:08:03 +0000 
when did we order them? 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 1:01 PM, 
wrote: 
The shirts will only be ready at the end of the day 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 9:47 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
please make sure that terje gets the sweat shins before 2 today, he is leaving 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988816

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988817.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 18:31:54 +0000 
Best Travel & Rewards Card: 
Barclay Arrival World Mastercard I APPLY NOW 
Like to travel? This is the card for you. Our #1 ranked travel credit card earns 2 miles per dollar (equivalent to 
2% cash back to spend on travel) spent on all purchases with no mileage caps or foreign transaction fees. Plus, 
users will earn 40,000 bonus miles after spending $3,000 in the first 90 days — equal to $400 worth of travel! 
They make it easy and convenient to use your miles, too; just redeem them for a statement credit. That means 
you can make your travel arrangement any way you'd like, whether it's by phone, online or with a travel agent. 
You can also fly any airline you like and stay at any hotel. Just use the Barclay Arrival World Mastercard to book 
the travel, and then redeem your miles for a statement credit against the cost. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988817

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988818.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988818.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jean Luc Brunel
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 18:36:14 +0000 
im in palm beach 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988818

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988819.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988819.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 18:39:28 +0000 
skype time? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988819

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988820.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988820.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Gmax 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 18:39:58 +0000 
where are you ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988820

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988821.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988821.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem  
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>, Jeffrey Epstein cjeeproject®yahoo.com> 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 18:39:39 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo.PNG 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00988821

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988822.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988822.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Cedric Villani  
Subject: Re:  
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:44:53 +0000 
TR:] 
thurs night back to new york 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 4:44 PM, Cedric Villani 
wrote: 
Dear Jeffrey, thanks for reaching out! How long will you be staying in Paris? 
Regards, Cedric 
Forwarded message from Cedric Villani 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:38:25 +0000 
From: Cedric Villani 
To: ' 
Subject: TR: 
mnm 
De : jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation®gmail.com]
Envoye : jeudi 12 octobre 2017 19:13 
A : Cedric Villani 
Objet : 
cedric. Joi Ito suggested that we meet, I also am friends with Misha Gromov who also speaks highly of 
you. . My area of expertise is money and digital currencies. . I am in Paris if you have some time for a 
coffee. . Jeffrey 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeela®gmail.conailto:jeevacation®gmail.corn>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
II est rappele que tout message electronique est susceptible 
d'alteration au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
EFTA00988822
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ce message, ainsi que les pièces jointes, sont établis, sous la 
seule responsabilité de l'expéditeur, à l'intention exclusive 
de ses destinataires ; ils peuvent contenir des informations 
confidentielles. Toute publication, utilisation ou diffusion 
doit être autorisée préalablement. 
Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
Il est rappelé que tout message électronique est susceptible 
d'altération au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
Vous pouvez consulter le site de l'Assemblée nationale à 
l'adresse suivante : http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr 
End forwarded message 
Cedric Villani 
Mathematicien, Professeur de l'Universite Claude Bernard Lyon 1 
Membre de l'Academie des sciences 
Depute de l'Essonne, President de l'Office parlementaire scientifique (OPECST) 
Assemblee nationale, 126 rue de l'Universite, 75007 Paris, France 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988823

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988824.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988824.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Invitation sent via mail to 9 east 71st street 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 19:02:59 +0000 
Attachments: SHBRK_Scann14050910551.pdf 
> 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
Date: Ma 9, 2014 10:55:52 AM EDT 
To: 
Reply-To: 
EFTA00988824

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988825.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988825.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 19:20:10 +0000 
please send 
10k 
Forwarded message  
From: 
Date: Fri, May 9, 2014 at 3:03 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
My God you are wonderful! 
Camps: $1700 
Travel back east and rental car: 
About $2100 
Leg veins:$1200 
Any of it would be s0000 appreciated! 
Thank you dear man. Thank you and love, 
On May 9, 2014, at 11:36 AM, "jeffrey E." <jet0i@gmail.com> wrote: 
how much money shuld i send you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988825
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988826

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988827.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988827.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: G Maxwell 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 19:54:42 +0000 
pb 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 2:42 PM, G Maxwell < 
NY 
You? 
FACEBOOK < 
TWITTER < 
G+  
PINTEREST 
INSTAGRAM 
PLEDGE 
THE DAILY CATCH 
> wrote: 
From: J Jep <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Friday, May 9, 2014 14:39 PM 
To: gmax 
Subject: <no subject> 
where are you ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00988827
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988828

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988829.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Thomas Turrin
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 19:55:36 +0000 
pleae forward me the f bar due june 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988829

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988830.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: G Maxwell
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 19:58:13 +0000 
yup 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 3:55 PM, G Maxwell  
l> wrote: 
All good? 
Gx 
FACEBOOK < 
TWITTER < 
G+  
PINTEREST 
INSTAGRAM 
PLEDGE < 
THE DAILY CATCH 
From: J Jep <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Friday, May 9, 2014 15:54 PM 
To: gmax 
Subject: Re: 
pb 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 2:42 PM, G Maxwell < 
NY 
You? 
FACEBOOK < 
TWITTER <I 
G+  
> 
PINTEREST <
> 
INSTAGRAM 
PLEDGE < 
THE DAILY CATCH <I 
> wrote: 
From: .1Jep leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Friday, May 9, 2014 14:39 PM 
To: gmax 
Subject: <no subject> 
where are you ? 
please note 
EFTA00988830
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@qmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988831

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988832.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Valeria Chomsky
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:49:43 +0000 
ask max if the gift to MIT is irrevocable? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988832

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988833.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 20:07:31 +0000 
are you feeling better? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988833

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988834.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:51:11 +0000 
rich from your email , send her a "thanks for your time today" . . please send all to the email address 
Best, 
Deborah 
Deborah Pechet Quinan, Esq. LL.M. 
Shareholder 
Chair, Trusts & Estates Group 
Ruberto, Israel & Weiner 
255 State Street, 7th Floor 
Boston, MA 02109 
Te 
E-mail: 
Firm's website: 
Firm biography: 
<mailta> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00988834
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988835

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988836.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ivjet
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 21:07:08 +0000 
wheels up 745 pm, tomorw 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988836

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988837.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 22:58:21 +0000 
was bard free tomorow? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988837

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988838.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 02:50:04 +0000 
ok 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 7:23 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Yes! He can see you tomorrow at llam. Ok? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 9, 2014, at 6:58 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
was bard free tomorow? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988838

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988839.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 02:55:45 +0000 
it says today „ not tomorw 
Forwarded message ---
From: jeffrey E <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Fri, May 9, 2014 at 10:56 AM 
Subject: 
To: 
To: 
 , Karina Shuliak < 
we came to palm beach instead, you are welcome to come today 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988839

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988840.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Thorbjon Jagland
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 10:00:55 +0000 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 3:07 AM, Thorbjein Jagland
Tried to call you which number? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00988840

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988841.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 10:09:34 +0000 
I. changes to estate plan. 
a) girls will inherit from B , assets in the exact form that he holds them in. so that 
he should change the form of his holdings. This will protect him, the girls, you and he future. - Trusts in their 
present form are no longer alone the best instruments when edmond was alive they were, but as they were used 
over the past 50 years for bad purposes many of their protections are moot. The girls need protection. from 
cousins, relatives, scammers creditors. boyfriends husbands tax authorities etc. 
b. trustees and executors of the will need review. c, divisions and commmtees to oversee investments, 
business related issues, ( stock votes ), and distributions ( human judgment ) can and should be discussed. 
2. I see little upside in your financial mag interview that you intend to do. .. No one who really cares about the 
share price really cares about the press, and there is more downside than upside, . 
3/ I am around all weekend to speak. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988841

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988842.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: l'jefirrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 10:10:28 +0000 
call me when you wake 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 12:57 AM, 
> wrote: 
spoke to Nikesh Arora (just googled him now) - he said "oh, so great you don't drink. i also don't drink. Just 
once a week" 
I said "right, tonight is the night as i can see.." 
then his drunk friend showed up, almost falling on me. and then Nicholas came - but was the best time to 
leave. I said hello to Nicholas and then told Nikesh that I have to leave but he would have time to think to 
answer the question i asked him (your question about unintended consequences) 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988842

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988843.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn < 
>, Paul Morris
Subject: a suggestion from nav april 15 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 10:13:10 +0000 
no one in their right mind would have 
2. EURUSD spot FX is 1.3802 from 1.3827 yesterday. Suggest buying 2week vanilla 1.40c at 5-6c in 
EUR 50mm notional (cost EUR25-30k) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988843

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988844.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin
Subject: Re: Avionneta 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 11:58:50 +0000 
most likely a lease payment. however i dont see feb and march unless the plane was moved for repair. . which 
avionetta account was this, is there another ? avioetta trust at wells fargo? 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 7:53 PM, Richard Joslin < 
> wrote: 
I paste from the disbursements via Avionetta account. Not clear on what use tax was paid, why paid 
separately and why the installments of equal amounts - the payments coincide with the refurbishing.. Also not 
clear why John H. was putting money into Avionetta relating to the plane sold previously (old tail number 
below). I will follow up with Melanie/Tom. . And note that neither the Apollo reimbursements nor the 
charges to portfolio companies mentioned by John S regarding are deposited in Avioneeta account.. Tom sent 
other docs if you want to peruse them, loan, guaranty, bank statements,etc. Pleaselet me know if you woudl 
like to see them. Thanks 
10/10/11 
Rance Use Tax 
($18,270.00) 
11/4/11 
Rance Use Tax 
($18,270.00) 
12/8/11 
Rance Use Tax 
($18,270.00) 
1112/12 
Rance Use Tax 
($18,270.00) 
4/17/12 
Rance Use Tax (Final) 
($17,661.00) 
6/22/12 
Rance Use Tax (missed Jan. inv.) 
($18,270.00) 
11/13/12 
Remainder Wilmington Trust $241 654.22 
(N12NZ) 
, 
$120,827.11 (John's 
Portion) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988844

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988845.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Cedric Villani  
Subject: Re:  
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:59:55 +0000 
TR:] 
Joichi Ito 
2,Joichi Ito's 
profile photo 
in case you do not have 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 4:44 PM, Cedric Villani < 
wrote: 
Dear Jeffrey, thanks for reaching out! How long will you be staying in Paris? 
Regards, Cedric 
Forwarded message from Cedric Villani 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:38:25 +0000 
From: Cedric Villani 
To: ' 
Subject: TR: 
mnm 
De : jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Envoye : jeudi 12 octobre 2017 19:13 
A : Cedric Villani 
Objet : 
cedric. Joi Ito suggested that we meet, I also am friends with Misha Gromov who also speaks highly of 
you. . My area of expertise is money and digital currencies. . I am in Paris if you have some time for a 
coffee. . Jeffrey 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988845
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
Il est rappelé que tout message électronique est susceptible 
d'altération au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
Ce message, ainsi que les pièces jointes, sont établis, sous la 
seule responsabilité de l'expéditeur, à l'intention exclusive 
de ses destinataires ; ils peuvent contenir des informations 
confidentielles. Toute publication, utilisation ou diffusion 
doit être autorisée préalablement. 
Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
Il est rappelé que tout message électronique est susceptible 
d'altération au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
Vous pouvez consulter le site de l'Assemblée nationale à 
l'adresse suivante : http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr 
End forwarded message 
Cedric Villani 
Mathematicien, Professeur de l'Universite Claude Bernard Lyon 1 
Membre de l'Academie des sciences 
Depute de l'Essonne, President de l'Office parlementaire scientifique (OPECST) 
Assemblee nationale, 126 rue de l'Universite, 75007 Paris, France 
cedric.villani@assemblee-nationale.fr I facebook.corn/CedricVillaniOfficiel 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988846

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988847.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 13:39:21 +0000 
fiat 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 9:29 AM, 
> wrote: 
Spent some time with mar this morning, she told me about her dyslexia - it seems it bothers her. 
Otherwise, she seemed well:) very sweet. 
the appointment and the flight should be on time - but will continue checking. 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988847

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988848.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: lvjet
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 14:20:16 +0000 
id appreciate it if you woudl spend some time today to review the stereo equiptment that jojo put in the plane, if 
junk throw out if you want some take it, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988848

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988849.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Cedric Villani  
Subject: Re:  
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 15:28:40 +0000 
TR:] 
fyi, if you want to come to apt on ave foch tonite for coffee . jeans and sweats ok. 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 4:44 PM, Cedric Villani 
wrote: 
Dear Jeffrey, thanks for reaching out! How long will you be staying in Paris? 
Regards, Cedric 
Forwarded message from Cedric Villani 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:38:25 +0000 
From: Cedric Villani 
To: ' 
Subject: TR: 
mnm 
De : jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation®gmail.com]
Envoye : jeudi 12 octobre 2017 19:13 
A : Cedric Villani 
Objet : 
cedric. Joi Ito suggested that we meet, I also am friends with Misha Gromov who also speaks highly of 
you. . My area of expertise is money and digital currencies. . I am in Paris if you have some time for a 
coffee. . Jeffrey 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.corn<mailto:jeevacation®gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
II est rappele que tout message electronique est susceptible 
d'alteration au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
EFTA00988849
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ce message, ainsi que les pièces jointes, sont établis, sous la 
seule responsabilité de l'expéditeur, à l'intention exclusive 
de ses destinataires ; ils peuvent contenir des informations 
confidentielles. Toute publication, utilisation ou diffusion 
doit être autorisée préalablement. 
Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
Il est rappelé que tout message électronique est susceptible 
d'altération au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
Vous pouvez consulter le site de l'Assemblée nationale à 
l'adresse suivante : http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr 
End forwarded message 
Cedric Villani 
Mathematicien, Professeur de l'Universite Claude Bernard Lyon 1 
Membre de l'Academie des sciences 
Depute de l'Essonne, President de l'Office parlementaire scientifique (OPECST) 
Assemblee nationale, 126 rue de l'Universite, 75007 Paris, France 
cedric.villani@assemblee-nationale.fr I facebook.com/CedricVillaniOfficiel 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988850

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988851.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 16:41:13 +0000 
Yes 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 12:05 PM, 
wrote: 
I'm taking my dad to the airport at 2 (Miami) and I should be back by 5 I can come right after? 
On May 10, 2014, at 11:32 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Im in palm bach for a few hours 2-8 are you around? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988851

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988852.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988852.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: lawrence delson
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 16:47:23 +0000 
>, Richard Joslin < 
I think to be consistant , we might consider that he travel on his plane to look for or buy art should be a 
legiatmate expense 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988852

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988853.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin cl 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 16:52:21 +0000 
we deduct the interst on the art collecion as an investment and we take lossses accoriding to you 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 12:50 PM, Richard Joslin < 
> wrote: 
Pls explain consistency. 
On Saturday, May 10, 2014, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I think to be consistant , we might consider that he travel on his plane to look for or buy art should be a 
legiatmate expense 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988853

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988854.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin <1 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 16:53:08 +0000 
insurance cost. commision curation all are deductions if he is an investor. or at least an increase to basis 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 12:52 PM, Richard Joslin < 
> wrote: 
Art is invesetment vs plane which is business 
On Saturday, May 10, 2014, Richard Joslin < 
> wrote: 
Pls explain consistency. 
On Saturday, May 10, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
I think to be consistant , we might consider that he travel on his plane to look for or buy art should be a 
legiatmate expense 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988854

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988855.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
< 
Cecile de Jon h 
-----, Daphne Wallace 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 18:14:19 +0000 
daphne cecil , 
really enjoys singing. is therea tutor / coach /teacher for her on st thomas or st john 
so that she can get lessons a couple of times per week? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988855

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988856.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988856.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Daphne Wallace
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Cecile de Jon 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 18:17:02 +0000 
Greetings Mr. Epstein, 
I will ask my choir director. 
Respectfully, Daphne 
On May 10, 2014 2:14 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
daphne cecil , 
really enjoys singing. is therea tutor / coach /teacher for her on st thomas or st 
john so that she can get lessons a couple of times per week? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988856

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988857.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Merwin
Bee: Karyna Shuliak 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 15:43:50 +0000 
I fully expect the mechanical room abd bsement to be done when I return on friday. no junk all clean and if 
necessary repainted. . NO MORE MESS 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988857

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988858.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988858.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Julia
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 15:45:00 +0000 
we need to review salary 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988858

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988859.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988859.pdf
----------------------------------------
From• 
To: jeevacation®gmail.com 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 19:48:12 +0000 
DELAYED: JetBlue Flt #1161 10May @ 4:00PM LGA-PBI. New estimated departure time from WA is 5:20PM. 
Reply HELP for help, STOP to cancel. Msg&Data rates may apply. 
EFTA00988859

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988860.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988860.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ivjet
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 19:53:13 +0000 
new departure 830. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988860

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988861.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 20:19:59 +0000 
its seems you have no trouble emailing me when you want rent . but couldn't find the time to tell me you had 
screwed up my weekend 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988861

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988862.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988862.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cedric Villani 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 15:45:19 +0000 
TR:] 
Thanks Jeff, but tonight already taken, I will see right away if 
tomorrow is possible! 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 05:28:40PM +0200, jeffrey E. wrote: 
> fyi, if you want to come to apt on ave foch tonite for coffee . jeans 
> and sweats ok. 
> On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 4:44 PM, Cedric Villani 
> wrote: 
> > Dear Jeffrey, thanks for reaching out! How long will you be staying in 
» 
Paris? 
» 
Regards, Cedric 
> > 
> > 
> > 
Forwarded message from Cedric Villani 
> > Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:38:25 +0000 
>> 
> From: Cedric Villani 
> To: 
>> 
> Subject: TR: 
> > 
> > mnm 
>> 
> De : jeffrey E. [mailtojeevacation@gmail.com] 
» 
Envoye : jeudi 12 octobre 2017 19:13 
» A : Cedric Villani 
» 
Objet : 
> > 
> > cedric. Joi Ito suggested that we meet, I also am friends with Misha 
> > Gromov who also speaks highly of you.. My area of expertise is money 
> > and digital currencies.. I am in Paris if you have some time for a 
» 
coffee.. Jeffrey 
> > 
> > --
» 
please note 
>> 
> The information contained in this communication is 
>> 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
>> 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
» 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
>>JEE 
> > Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> > communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> > and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
>> 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
>> 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:j 
EFTA00988862
--- PAGE 2 ---
>> 
> eevacation®gmail.com>, and 
> > destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> > including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
>> 
> Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
> > Il est rappele que tout message electronique est susceptible 
> > d'alteration au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
> > 
> > 
>> 
> Ce message, ainsi que les pieces jointes, sont etablis, sous la 
> > seule responsabilite de l'expediteur, iti l'intention exclusive 
>> 
> de ses destinataires ; ils peuvent contenir des informations 
>> 
> confidentielles. Toute publication, utilisation ou diffusion 
>> 
> doit etre autorisee prealablement. 
>> 
> Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
> > II est rappele que tout message electronique est susceptible 
> > d'alteration au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
> > Vous pouvez consulter le site de l'Assemblee nationale iti 
>> 
> l'adresse suivante : http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr 
> > --- End forwarded message 
» 
> > Cedric Villani 
> > Mathematicien, Professeur de l'Universite Claude Bernard Lyon 1 
» 
Membre de l'Academie des sciences 
>> 
> Depute de l'Essonne, President de l'Office parlementaire scientifique 
» 
(OPECST) 
> > Assemblee nationale, 126 rue de l'Universite, 75007 Paris, France 
facebook.com/ 
>> 
> CedricVillaniOfficiel 
> --
> please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988863
--- PAGE 3 ---
Cedric Villani 
Mathematicien, Professeur de l'Universite Claude Bernard Lyon 1 
Membre de l'Academie des sciences 
Depute de l'Essonne, President de l'Office parlementaire scientifique (OPECST) 
Assemblee nationale, 126 rue de l'Universite, 75007 Paris, France 
EFTA00988864

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988865.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Julia
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 20:20:10 +0000 
my money desk? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988865

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988866.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 20:22:1 I +0000 
how is it possible that the sweats cushions chairs. studio ( i see some take weeks for delivery ). rarely gets 
done on time. these are not difficult projects. 
I suggest you talk to brock , I suggest you email him direct 
questions, you ignore my advice, send I missyou texts. and then become dysfuncional 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988866

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988867.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Cedric Villani < 
Subject: Re:  
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 15:46:08 +0000 
TR:] 
wed ? 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 5:45 PM, Cedric Villani < 
Thanks Jeff, but tonight already taken, I will see right away if 
tomorrow is possible! 
wrote: 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 05:28:40PM +0200, jeffrey E. wrote: 
> fyi, if you want to come to apt on ave foch tonite for coffee . jeans 
> and sweats ok. 
> On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 4:44 PM, Cedric Villani
> wrote: 
> > Dear Jeffrey, thanks for reaching out! How long will you be staying in 
» 
Paris? 
> > Regards, Cedric 
> > 
>> 
> > 
Forwarded message from Cedric Villani 
> > Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:38:25 +0000 
> > From: Cedric Villani 
> > To: " 
> > Subject: TR: 
> > 
> > !TIM 
> > De : jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
> > Envoye : jeudi 12 octobre 2017 19:13 
> > A : Cedric Villani 
> > Objet : 
> > cedric. Joi Ito suggested that we meet, 
I also am friends with Misha 
> > Gromov who also speaks highly of you. . My area of expertise is money 
> > and digital currencies. . I am in Paris if you have some time for a 
» 
coffee. . Jeffrey 
> > 
»--
>
please note 
> > The information contained in this communication is 
> > confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> > constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> > the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> > JEE 
> > Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> > communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00988867
--- PAGE 2 ---
> > and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> > communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> > return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:j
> > eevacation@gmail.com>, and 
> > destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> > including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> > 
> > Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
> > II est rappele que tout message electronique est susceptible 
> > d'alteration au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
> > 
> > 
> > Ce message, ainsi que les pieces jointes, sont etablis, sous la 
> > seule responsabilite de l'expediteur, a ('intention exclusive 
> > de ses destinataires ; ils peuvent contenir des informations 
>> 
> confidentielles. Toute publication, utilisation ou diffusion 
> > doit etre autorisee prealablement. 
> > Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
> > II est rappele que tout message electronique est susceptible 
> > d'alteration au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
> > Vous pouvez consulter le site de l'Assemblee nationale 
>> 
> l'adresse suivante : http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr 
End forwarded message 
»--
> > Cedric Villani 
> > Mathematicien, Professeur de l'Universite Claude Bernard Lyon 1 
> > Membre de l'Academie des sciences 
> > Depute de l'Essonne, President de l'Office parlementaire scientifique 
» 
(OPECST) 
> > Assemblee nationale, 126 me de l'Universite 75007 Paris, France 
> > CedricVillaniOfficiel 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00988868
--- PAGE 3 ---
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Cedric Villani 
Mathematicien, Professeur de l'Universite Claude Bernard Lyon 1 
Membre de l'Academie des sciences 
Depute de l'Essonne, President de l'Office parlementaire scientifique (OPECST) 
Assemblee nationale, 126 rue de l'Universite, 75007 Paris, France 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988869

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988870.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: IM 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 21:42:24 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.jpeg; image( I ).jpeg 
;:irnage.jpeg 
:1image.jpeg 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 10, 2014, at 5:37 PM, 
wrote: 
<image.jpeg> 
<image.jpeg> 
Sent from my iPhone 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 10, 2014, at 5:26 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation(itgmail.com> wrote: 
no draawers they will be too heavy to open. why did you not ask before this.?????? I am annoyed 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 5:10 PM, 
wrote: 
Which one I need to make ? at 5th floor ? 
On Saturday, May 10, 2014 5:05 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I ached two weeks agorm??? 
On Saturday, May 10, 2014, 
<1 
> wrote: 
Hello Jeffrey 
You said - like bedside table ?..Not desk ? right ?... 
I have first table is metal 
others is mirrors 
On Saturday, May 10, 2014 4:20 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
my money desk? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988870
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
WWI 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988871

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988872.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.corn> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 21:50:46 +0000 
its going to be covered in coins so little difference and two woks late 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 5:30 PM, MI 
> wrote: 
I was looking and everything is ugly . its difficult to find a metal square side table with doors 
On Saturday, May 10, 2014 5:26 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
no draawers they will be too heavy to open. why did you not ask before this.?????? I am 
annoyed 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 5:10 PM, 
Which one I need to make ? at 5th floor ? 
> wrote: 
On Saturday, May 10, 2014 5:05 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I ached two weeks agom???? 
On Saturday, May 10, 2014, 
Hello Jeffrey 
You said - like bedside table ?..Not desk ? right ?... 
I have first table is metal 
others is mirrors 
> wrote: 
On Saturday, May 10, 2014 4:20 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
my money desk? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00988872
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988873

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988874.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
cMIElas 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 15:48:39 +0000 
Hello Jeffrey , I understand, 
when are you coming back ? 
On Mon, 10/16/17, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Subject: 
To: I'M" CMIElla
b
Date: Monday, October 16, 2017, 11:45 AM 
we need to review 
salary 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988874

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988875.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 22:10:22 +0000 
have to leave . sorry, next time 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 6:07 PM, 
wrote: 
Passing boca so prob another 20min you want me to stop by:)7 
On May 10, 2014, at 5:24 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grrtn> wrote: 
email me when closer 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 5:22 PM, 
Horrible traffic still on my way back from Mia 
On May 10, 2014, at 2:18 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
tiy are welcome to bring 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
wrote: 
EFTA00988875
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ja@gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988876

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988877.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 22:28:55 +0000 
not coming tonite , too much rain 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988877

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988878.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 22:30:02 +0000 
tried to call 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988878

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988879.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Merwin Dela cruz 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 15:53:35 +0000 
Ok sir. 
Sent from Yahoo Mail for iPhone 
On Monday, October 16, 2017, 11:43 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.corn> wrote: 
I fully expect the mechanical room abd bsement to be done when I return on friday. no junk all clean and if 
necessary repainted. . NO MORE MESS 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988879

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988880.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peter Thiel
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 22:44:22 +0000 
I can see you anytime from the late afternoon of the 18th till 20. th,  Ehud bask will be with me on the 18th if 
you have interest. . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988880

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988881.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eva Dubin
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 22:47:01 +0000 
happy mothers day 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988881

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988882.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin < 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 22:50:56 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
very sweet!!!:) 
Date: Sat, 10 May 2014 18:47:01 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
happy mothers day 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988882

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988883.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 01:14:38 +0000 
Thank you. 
I will call you tmr. 
Rough last few days. 
Hope you are better 
B 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: 5/10/2014 6:30 PM 
To: Sods Nikolic 
Subject: 
tried to call 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988883

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988884.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 02:29:15 +0000 
See you soon 
On Saturday, May 10, 2014, 
Finally leanded :) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA00988884

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988885.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Tyler Shears <I 
jeffrey epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: update 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 04:33:07 +0000 
Hi Tyler, 
as discussed, I've updated the content on the 11 websites and pages below. I've also changed the URL's on the 'about' 
pages, putting Jeffrey's name in hyphenated format exactly as I found in the successful google profiles. 
I'll update you shortly on the other things I'm implementing on Monday. 
Thanks, 
• blog 
• forum 
• facebook 
• twitter 
• www.jeffreyepstein.org 
• http://www.jeffreyepsteinscience.com/ 
• http://www.jeffreyepsteinfoundation.com/ 
• http://www.jeffreyepsteinusvi.com/ 
• www.jeffreyepsteinintemationatcom 
• www.jeffreyepsteinnewyork.com 
• www.jeffreyepsteineducation.com 
cell: 
email: 
EFTA00988885

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988886.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ada Clapp < 
>, Richard Joslin < 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 11:44:31 +0000 
how is the plane dealt with in the fire drill? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988886

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988887.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Greg Wyler
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 12:52:58 +0000 
how did the paul richard meeting go. as i see it on an after tax basis, you are looking at less than 40 m 
discounted value . not including upside. as they also want to buy the spectrum, seems silly, I have mnay ideas 
on the subject. can talk after 3 eastern 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988887

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988888.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." cleevacation(iDigmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, I 1 May 2014 12:55:27 —0000 
http://www.berklee.edu/summer/five-week-summer-per forma nee 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988888

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988889.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988889.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 12:58:28 +0000 
http://www.abingdonsummerschoolforsolosingers.co.uk/ 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988889

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988890.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988890.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Mitchell
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 16:03:55 +0000 
status? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988890

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988891.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, II May 2014 13:32:06 +0000 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988891

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988892.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988892.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, I 1 May 2014 13:36:10 +0000 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988892

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988893.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988893.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "Nowak, Martin"
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 14:47:50 +0000 
lets talk later today re funding new projects people etc. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988893

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988894.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Greg Wyler
To: "'jeffrey E."' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 15:40:03 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: Term Sheets_l.pdf 
Best number to call you? Or I am a 
This is where my mind his heading. CFO coming over in a few hours to discuss. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Sunday, May 11, 2014 5:53 AM 
To: Greg Wyler 
Subject: 
how did the paul richard meeting go. as i see it on an after tax basis, you are looking at less than 40 m 
discounted value . not including upside. as they also want to buy the spectrum, seems silly, I have mnay ideas 
on the subject. can talk after 3 eastern 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988894

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988895.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: aziza alahmadi
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gtnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 16:09:54 +0000 
> 
Working on it . 
I like it . 
Regards, 
Aziza 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 16, 2017, at 1:59 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I begin my letter with the greetings of peace as instructed by the Noble Prophet 
Mohammed. 
November 7 will mark one year since you and I met and laughed . Many things have 
changed since, and many, have not. You became crown prince and I remained a friend 
The economics of the kingdom have not done as well. At our meeting I suggested 
reviewing the actual goals of the kingdom and then reaching into a sphisticated tool box 
to offer solutions. A rethinking of the Aramco transaction was only a part of what I 
believe was needed. I recognized that the forces and momentum of aligned personalities , 
wall street, your advisors and third parties would put up roadblocks to new thinking. 
You have been a visionary with 2030 , but it takes NEW thinking to guide the money piece 
of the plan. Everything else in your vision relies on new views but the aramco transaction 
is stuck in the past. 
Having world wide shareholders , with rights to audit everything and everyone is , 
silly. Sorry for the bluntness.. You have been treated as if you are only a large company. 
you are not . you are a soverign with unique rights. You should amend the laws to 
protect yourself from JASTA. you are playing into the hands of the wall street demons. 
you need cash, you have resources . getting the money from third parties should be 
structured as debt. options swaps ( all new financial instruments at your disposal ). 
having shares that flucturate on a daily basis , leads to many bad consequences. The 
value of your entire holding could be volatile. based on a small percentage of stock 
trading. IT IS WRONG!! and dangerous.. 
For example , you could sell china an option to buy an interest for 100 billion dollars. 
There are few commissions so many wall street people will not approve. This option 
would give you what you need , it would create a valuation for the whole , ( if that is 
important ). It will keep you safe from predators. 
In addition you should form a new 
digital currency - the first to be wholly shariar compliant. The muslim world will rejoice 
and its uses will be for the future. 
EFTA00988895
--- PAGE 2 ---
I do not want any money from you or the kingdom. I believe in what you are trying to 
do. I am happy to come visit, if you will devote the time . You invited me on your boat, 
but I dont like boats.:) your time is precious , i realize but the economy is the blood of 
your vision. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988896

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988897.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 17:43:08 -4)000 
On Sunday, May 11, 2014, 
> wrote: 
I Back in NY. Any chance you're here this week? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988897

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988898.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Boris Nikolic <
Ina> 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Call 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 18:12:48 +0000 
I called you twice. 
And I think that I just missed your call. 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
EFTA00988898

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988899.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Greg Wyler
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 19:15:34 +0000 
quite a spread between to bid offer 
On Sun, May 11, 2014 at 11:40 AM, Greg Wyler < 
> wrote: 
Best number to call you? Or I am at 
This is where my mind his heading. CFO coming over in a few hours to discuss. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailtmjeevacationegmail.comj
Sent: Sunday, May 11, 2014 5:53 AM 
To: Greg Wyler 
Subject: 
how did the paul richard meeting go. as i see it on an after tax basis, you are looking at less than 40 m 
discounted value . not including upside. as they also want to buy the spectrum, seems silly, I have mnay 
ideas on the subject. can talk after 3 eastern 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00988899
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988900

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988901.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988901.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thorbjon Jagland
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 19:24:57 +0000 
I try to call this number, but "not in use" 
Den lerdag 10. mai 2014 skrev jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> folgende: 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 3:07 AM, Thorbjon Jagland < 
Tried to call you which number? 
T 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00988901

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988902.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988902.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: aziza alahmadi
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 16:14:51 +0000 
https://ukseuters.corn/article/us-saudi-aramco-ipo-china-exclusive/exclusive-china-offers-to-buy-5-percent-of-
saudi-aramco-directly-sources-idUKKBN I CL I 
my idea , but needs work. how funny 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 6:09 PM, aziza alahmadi < 
Working on it . 
I like it . 
Regards, 
Aziza 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 16, 2017, at 1:59 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.cotn> wrote: 
wrote: 
I begin my letter with the greetings of peace as instructed by the Noble Prophet 
Mohammed. 
November 7 will mark one year since you and I met and laughed . Many things have 
changed since, and many, have not. You became crown prince and I remained a friend 
The economics of the kingdom have not done as well. At our meeting I suggested 
reviewing the actual goals of the kingdom and then reaching into a sphisticated tool box 
to offer solutions. A rethinking of the Aramco transaction was only a part of what I 
believe was needed. I recognized that the forces and momentum of aligned 
personalities , wall street , your advisors and third parties would put up roadblocks to 
new thinking. You have been a visionary with 2030 , but it takes NEW thinking to guide 
the money piece of the plan. Everything else in your vision relies on new views but the 
aramco transaction is stuck in the past. 
Having world wide shareholders , with rights to audit everything and everyone is , 
silly. Sorry for the bluntness.. You have been treated as if you are only a large 
company. you are not . you are a soverign with unique rights. You should amend the 
laws to protect yourself from JASTA. you are playing into the hands of the wall street 
demons. you need cash, you have resources . getting the money from third parties 
should be structured as debt. options swaps ( all new financial instruments at your 
disposal ). having shares that flucturate on a daily basis , leads to many bad 
consequences. The value of your entire holding could be volatile. based on a small 
percentage of stock trading. IT IS WRONG!! and dangerous.. 
For example , you could sell china an option to buy an interest for 100 billion dollars. . 
There are few commissions so many wall street people will not approve. This option 
EFTA00988902
--- PAGE 2 ---
would give you what you need , it would create a valuation for the whole , ( if that is 
important ). It will keep you safe from predators. 
In addition you should form a new 
digital currency - the first to be wholly shariar compliant. The muslim world will 
rejoice and its uses will be for the future. 
I do not want any money from you or the kingdom. I believe in what you are trying to 
do. I am happy to come visit , if you will devote the time . You invited me on your boat, 
but I dont like boats. :) your time is precious , i realize but the economy is the blood of 
your vision. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988903

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988904.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Thorbjon Jagland
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 19:25:37 +0000 
On Sun, May 11, 2014 at 3:24 PM, Thorbjon Jagland < 
wrote: 
I try to call this number, but "not in use" 
Den lordag 10. mai 2014 skrev jeffrey E. <jeesios@grnail.com> folgende: 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 3:07 AM, Thorbjon Jagland < 
> wrote: 
Tried to call you which number? 
T 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988904
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988905

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988906.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 11 May 2014 21:30:53 , 0000 
not yet. 
On Sun, May 11, 2014 at 5:23 PM, 
Hi Jeffrey, 
How are you? How is everything on the south ? :-) 
Has 
ever got you back with the gym you mentioned? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00988906

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988907.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 00:43:28 +0000 
kitchen banket padding, gym lantern on entry broken, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988907

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988908.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: David Stern
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 16:15:02 +0000 
https://ukseuters.corn/article/us-saudi-aramco-ipo-china-exclusive/exclusive-china-offers-to-buy-5-percent-o 
Saudi-aramco-directly-sources-idUKKBN I CL I YJ 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988908

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988909.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988909.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Ann Rodriquez
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: Banquette & Gym Lantern 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 00:51:20 +0000 
Will address first thing in the morning. 
Ann R. 
On May 11, 2014, at 8:43 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
kitchen banket padding, gym lantern on entry broken, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988909

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988910.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 01:28:43 +0000 
The date was with Jason Flom, it's amazing how he could talk for 30 min without stoping in a very monotonous 
manner. His dog (yes, he showed the photos) went to Columbia school and he doesn't leave her alone for more 
than 2 hours because "She deserves the best!" 
When he asked me about me i merely responded that "my dad told me not to give ppl too much info about me" 
:)) 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00988910

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988911.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 16:15:27 +0000 
https://ukseuters.corn/article/us-saudi-aramco-ipo-china-exclusive/exclusive-china-offers-to-buy-5-percent-of-
saudi-aramco-directly-sources-idUKKBN I CL I YJ 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988911

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988912.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Thorbjon Jagland
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 10:29:29 +0000 
if you would like some help. re russias financial issues I am always available to you. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988912

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988913.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988913.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ceprefi Bennicos 
Subject: Re: fun 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 10:35:13 +0000 
Im told eric shmidt , will no longer attend. I would like to be any help to you that i can. I firmly believe that 
there are great ideas in Russia , needing not much help to turn them into succesful businesses. I would think 
that the financial system for example. , is ripe for innovation that can be russian based. Digital currencies. oil 
based currencies. , smart contracts. ( takes out the politcal risk ). ( overseen by computers, ). 
I am friends of Thorbjom Jagland, who asked me for my views . I told him the same 
On Mon, May 5, 2014 at 1:35 AM, Ceprefi Benxicoa 
> wrote: 
Apmeu Xamarpsui 
2014-05-04 17:24 GMT+04:00 jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
Great, you and I will have fun . Who should svetlana contact . 
On Sunday, May 4, 2014, Cepreri Bennos < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey! 
Our meeting was really interesting for me! I do not know many people like you, who can open new 
horizons and prospects. And I'm looking forward for next meeting with you. 
I'm glad to see Svetlana and everyone from your team in St.Petersburg (22.05-24.05). 
Actually Erick Schmidt is coming) 
And thank you for invitation to see you in NY. 
Sergey 
Ornpartneuo c iPad 
> 04 man 2014 r., s 11:36, jeffreyepstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> uanucan(a): 
> I enjoyed our short meeting. If there is something I can do to help let me know. I hope to see you in 
New York. If you think wise I will send svetlana and a staff member to attend your conference. Of 
course I will pay normal fees. I know it is difficult at the moment but I see many interesting 
opportunities.- I saw that your girlfriends' boss was forced to cancel. how silly. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00988913
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
C ysaweifem, 
C.BellAKOB 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988914

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988915.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988915.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.corn> 
To: carlyn mccaffrey
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 10:47:41 -r0000 
little movement with the swiss,  they have not done anything„ who in your shop specializes in airplane 
ownership tax, etc.? can i speak with them 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988915

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988916.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Bill Gates
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 11:10:38 +0000 
It appears you've gone dark, everything ok? if i can be of help let me know. . . I am there as a friend, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988916

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988917.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988917.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "McCaffrey, Carlyn" < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 11:17:58 +0000 
Inline-Images: image001.gif 
lay Rivlin in our NY Office does a lot of this work. Here's a link to his contact information. 
Carlyn McCaffrey 
Partner 
.s  ;McDermott 
(Will & Emery 
McDermott Will & Emery LLP I 340 Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10173-1922 
SB aphy I Website I vCard I E-mail I Twitter I LinkedIn I SB
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.corn] 
Sent: Monday, May 12, 2014 6:48 AM 
To: McCaffrey, Carlyn 
Subject: 
little movement with the swiss,  they have not done anything„ who in your shop specializes in airplane 
ownership tax, etc.? can i speak with them 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: To comply with requirements imposed by the IRS, we inform you that any U.S. federal tax advice 
contained herein (including any attachments), unless specifically stated otherwise, is not intended or written to be used, and 
cannot be used, for the purposes of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or 
recommending to another party any transaction or matter herein. 
This message is a PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL communication. This message and all attachments are a private 
EFTA00988917
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication sent by a law firm and may be confidential or protected by privilege. If you are not the intended recipient, you 
are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or use of the information contained in or attached to this message 
is strictly prohibited. Please notify the sender of the delivery error by replying to this message, and then delete it from your 
system. Thank you. 
Please visit http:/fwww.mwe.com/ for more information about our Firm. 
EFTA00988918

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988919.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Terje Rod-Larsen
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 16:17:30 +0000 
https://ukseuters.com/article/us-saudi-aramco-ipo-china-exclusive/exclusive-china-offers-to-buy-5-percent-of-
saudi-aramco-directly-sources-idUKKBN I CL I YJ 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988919

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988920.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988920.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: lvjet
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 16:21:44 +0000 
we will not go tomorwo maybe wednesday same idea wheels up at 1030. ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988920

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988921.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988921.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 13:48:36 +0000 
FYI 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Kamran Fallah our, PhD" < 
> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: May 12, 2014 9:44: 
To: Lesley Groff < 
Yes, all went well. 
We should have something by the end of the week. 
On 5/12/14 9:43 AM, "Lesley Groff" < 
> wrote: 
Hello Dr. Fallahpour. I trust Saturday went well. Might you be able to 
tell me when you believe the papenvorkJdocuments will be completed for 
=
I? 
Thanks, Lesley 
EFTA00988921

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988922.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Cecile de Jongh
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 14:05:20 +0000 
I would like to speak to dowd today 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988922

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988923.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Cedric Villani  
Subject: Re:  
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 16:22:02 +0000 
TR:] 
tomorow works now. , myschedule opened 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 4:44 PM, Cedric Villani < 
wrote: 
Dear Jeffrey, thanks for reaching out! How long will you be staying in Paris? 
Regards, Cedric 
Forwarded message from Cedric Villani 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 14:38:25 +0000 
From: Cedric Villani 
To: ' 
Subject: TR: 
mnm 
De : jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation®gmail.com]
Envoye : jeudi 12 octobre 2017 19:13 
A : Cedric Villani 
Objet : 
cedric. Joi Ito suggested that we meet, I also am friends with Misha Gromov who also speaks highly of 
you. . My area of expertise is money and digital currencies. . I am in Paris if you have some time for a 
coffee. . Jeffrey 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeela®gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation®gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
II est rappele que tout message electronique est susceptible 
d'alteration au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
EFTA00988923
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ce message, ainsi que les pièces jointes, sont établis, sous la 
seule responsabilité de l'expéditeur, à l'intention exclusive 
de ses destinataires ; ils peuvent contenir des informations 
confidentielles. Toute publication, utilisation ou diffusion 
doit être autorisée préalablement. 
Ce message a fait l'objet d'un traitement anti-virus. 
Il est rappelé que tout message électronique est susceptible 
d'altération au cours de son acheminement sur Internet. 
Vous pouvez consulter le site de l'Assemblée nationale à 
l'adresse suivante : http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr 
End forwarded message 
Cedric Villani 
Mathematicien, Professeur de l'Universite Claude Bernard Lyon 1 
Membre de l'Academie des sciences 
Depute de l'Essonne, President de l'Office parlementaire scientifique (OPECST) 
Assemblee nationale, 126 rue de l'Universite, 75007 Paris, France 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988924

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988925.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: visit? 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 14:14:37 +0000 
yes 
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 10:12 AM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
FYI-we do have an apt available June 7-16...would you like me to offer the entire stay to Kosslyn? 
On May 10, 2014, at 2:52 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I will check, i think it should be ok 
On Sat, May 10, 2014 at 2:28 PM, Kosslyn Stephen
Hi JEE.. 
> wrote: 
We've decided to take a vacation before the floodgates open in August (not one, but two sections of kids 
will show up -- there were too many good applications to turn them down). And there's no place I would 
rather spend time than NYC. So, two questions. First, will you be around at any point from 7 - 16 June? 
Second, is one of your apartments available for any of those days? 
I hope all's well by you. 
s. 
Stephen M. Kosslyn, Dean 
Minerva School of Arts and Sciences 
at the Keck Graduate Institute 
1145 Market Street 
San Francisco, CA 94103 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988925
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988926

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988927.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988927.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Marella Rossi Mosseri
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 16:23:27 +0000 
wednesday this week 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 4:40 PM, Marella Rossi Mosseri < 
> wrote: 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Before I get the meeting organized with the owner, please confirm the date of your visit to Marrakech. 
Hope you are well to. 
2017-10-16 12:20 GMT+02:00 jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
I mighrt go to marrakesh tomorw is it possibvle to arrange a viewing of property? hope you are well. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Marella Rossi Mosseri 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988927
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988928

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988929.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Jabor Y."
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 15:45:13 +0000 
im sorry , I wish that i had known, I am on the island in the caribean 
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 11:32 AM, Jabor Y. < 
wrote: 
Jeff, I am in NY now. Will be here around 3 days. Will be good to see you. 
On Thursday, May 8, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i will be in ny start may 31 , great news 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 6:46 AM, Jabor Y. < 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, Just to let you know I'll be in Washington the whole of June. 
On Thursday, May 1, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
next wed? 
On Thu, May 1, 2014 at 12:54 PM, Jabor Y. < 
> wrote: 
I am in Doha. How long are you in Paris? 
On Wednesday, April 30, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I am in paris . you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00988929
--- PAGE 2 ---
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988930

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988931.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988931.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez < 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 15:49:07 -r0000 
officer mcnally, pick up wed at 12 , come for lunch at tiki/ 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988931

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988932.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: David Stern
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 17:12:46 +0000 
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 11:29 AM, David Stem < 
> wrote: 
When can I call you ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988932

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988933.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988933.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Julia
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 17:14:22 +0000 
Inline-Images: 20131009-009njpg 
Inline image 1 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988933
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988934

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988935.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988935.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Thomas Turrin
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 17:17:48 +0000 
I understand you are out again today, I have questions re the F bar fling please call 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988935

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988936.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988936.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Ann Rodriquez
Subject: Re: Lunch at Tiki 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 17:36:15 +0000 
burger 
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 1:30 PM, Ann Rodriquez < 
What would you like... 
Burger and slaw 
Chicken Parm & Salad 
Fish & Chips 
Philly cheese steak and Cold pasta 
Ann R. 
> wrote: 
On May 12, 2014, at 11:49 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeeaioti@gmail.com> wrote: 
officer mcnally, pick up wed at 12 , come for lunch at tikil 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00988936
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988937

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988938.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn • 
Subject: Fwd: TD Ameritrade Call 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 17:36:30 +0000 
Forwarded message 
From: Cecile de Jongh  
Date: Mon, May 12, 2014 at 1:35 PM 
Subject: ID Ameritrade Call 
To: JEE <jeevacation 
ail.com>
Cc: Darren Indyke 
, Jeanne Brennan
Jeffrey, 
Paulina Sepulveda from TD Ameritrade just called for you. Her number is 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988938

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988939.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988939.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: soon yi previn < 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 17:52:46 +0000 
does woody need help with Bard college? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988939

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988940.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988940.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin <1 
>, lawrence delson < 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 17:53:28 +0000 
do we have all avionetta realted docs yet 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988940

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988941.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988941.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Jed Garfield 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 18:26:57 +0000 
Inline-Images: CF2E17D4-ADF9-4796-BF7B-A5540 I 8E73Al.png 
ok 
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 2:11 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Please advise.. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Jed Garfield 
Subject: 71st Street 
Date: May 12, 2014 2:05:07 PM EDT 
To: Jeffery Epstein <I 
One of the Candy brothers would like to see the house on Friday. How would you like me to respond ? 
Jed Garfield 
President 
Lesliel Garfield Real Estate 
505 Park Avenue, Suite 303 
New York, NY 10022 
All information furnished herein is deemed reliable and is submitted subject 
to errors, omissions, change of tenns and conditions, and prior sale, rental 
or withdrawal without notice. We do not represent or guarantee the accuracy 
of any infonnation and arc not liable for any reliance thereon. The 
infonnation contained in this electronic message is confidential. If the 
reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any use or distribution or reproduction of this communication 
is prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please 
delete the email from your computer and immediately notify us by email at 
EFTA00988941
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988942

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988943.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Jed Garfield 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 18:29:46 +0000 
yes 
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 2:28 PM, Lesley Groff G 
> wrote: 
would you like Svet to be there on Friday? 
On May 12, 2014, at 2:26 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ok 
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 2:11 PM, Lesley Groff G 
> wrote: 
Please advise.. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Jed Garfield c
)1
Subject: 71st Street 
Date: May 12, 2014 2:05:07 PM EDT 
To: Jeffery Epstein < 
One of the Candy brothers would like to see the house on Friday. How would you like me to respond ? 
<CF2E17D4-ADF9-4796-BF7B-A554018E73A1.png> 
Jed Garfield 
President 
Leslie J Garfield Real Estate 
505 Park Avenue, Suite 303 
New York, NY 10022 
All information furnished herein is deemed reliable and is submitted subject 
to errors, omissions. change of tenns and conditions, and prior sale, rental 
or withdrawal without notice. We do not represent or guarantee the accuracy 
of any information and are not liable for any reliance thereon. The 
information contained in this electronic message is confidential. If the 
reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any use or distribution or reproduction of this communication 
is prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please 
delete the email from your computer and immediately notify us by email at 
EFTA00988943
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988944

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988945.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff < 
>, Richard Kahn
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 18:31:30 +0000 
please explain to lyn and jojo that they work when i want , and take off when i am away, im told jojo did not 
want to drive the girsl unaccpetable 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988945

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988946.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 18:32:06 +0000 
if you are goign to do someting re neg basis m you shoudl do it before june 30. hope you are well 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988946

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988947.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 18:33:54 +0000 
why don't you and your friend go to the house and she can come up with ideas for the entry hall and dining 
room 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988947

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988948.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Amy Cassell 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 18:34:29 +0000 
amy , if possible why don't you consider a trip to ny on sun the 18th we can walk through the house. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988948

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988949.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Gmax 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 18:36:40 +0000 
one of the candy brothers wants to see 71 st on friday do you want to be there? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988949

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988950.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988950.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Stern <1 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 18:40:34 -q)000 
when does he want to speak? 
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 1:40 PM, David Stern <1 
> wrote: 
Tim Collins has less than 10% as of April 29, 2014 
On 29 April 2014, Timothy C. Collins and affiliated entities notified RHJ International ("RHJI") that their aggregate holding of 
8,879,157 shares in RHJI had crossed downward the threshold of 10% of the total number of voting rights in RHJI from 10.37% 
to 9.75%. 
On 26 March 2014, RHJI carried out a capital increase in connection with its acquisition of a 9% stake in BHF-BANK AG. As a 
result of the issuance of such additional voting rights in RHJI to the seller of BHF-BANK AG, the total number of voting rights 
in RHJI increased from 85,545,547 to 91,045,745. The aggregate holding of 8,879,157 shares in RHJI held by Timothy C. 
Collins and affiliated entities consequently decreased from 10.37% to 9.75% of the total number of voting rights in RHJI. 
A copy of the notification sent by Timothy C. Collins and affiliated entities is reproduced hereunder and available on RHJI's 
corporate website under "Investor Relations - Shareholder Information - Transparency Rules". 
Additional background information 
In connection with the acquisition by Kleinwort Benson Group ("KBG") of a 91% stake in BHF-BANK AG which was disclosed by 
the Company on 27 March 2014, two entities affiliated with Timothy C. Collins, namely Windmere Investments LLC and the 
Timothy C. Collins 2003 Descendants Trust, made an aggregate cash investment of E13.6 million in return for a 2.65% stake in 
KBG. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988950

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988951.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988951.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 16:53:06 +0000 
please send what you have now . I neededto make deciions tjx 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 6:51 PM, 
wrote: 
I did 5 layouts and eventually fell asleep on cad. My error completely- I tried to do too much in the time or I 
should have set a longer time. I will send today 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 8:13 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.corn> wrote: 
project? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988951

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988952.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988952.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Nina K."
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 19:21:31 +0000 
a man names adam boumbia says he wants to buy my 727 and lives in the ivory coast? can you ask if he is real 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988952

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988953.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988953.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 19:22:29 +0000 
Forwarded message  
From: Jabor Y. -cf 
Date: Mon, May 12, 2014 at 3:20 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Regret to have missed me. I like to drop something to your house. Let me know what will be a good time for 
that. 
On Monday, May 12, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
im sorry , I wish that i had known, I am on the island in the caribean 
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 11:32 AM, Jabor Y. < 
wrote: 
Jeff, I am in NY now. Will be here around 3 days. Will be good to see you. 
On Thursday, May 8, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i will be in ny start may 31 , great news 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 6:46 AM, Jabor Y. < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, Just to let you know I'll be in Washington the whole of June. 
On Thursday, May 1, 2014, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
next wed? 
On Thu, May 1, 2014 at 12:54 PM, Jabor Y. < 
> wrote: 
I am in Doha. How long are you in Paris? 
On Wednesday, April 30, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I am in paris . you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00988953
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988954
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988955

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988956.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: aziza alahmadi
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 17:02:27 +0000 
> 
in the third paragraph, after the word dangerous. 
Another idea is to exchange KSA instrments for the US 
bonds that china holds. It would avoid the criticism of oil in yuan . 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 6:09 PM, aziza alahmadi < 
Working on it . 
I like it . 
Regards, 
Aziza 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 16, 2017, at 1:59 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
wrote: 
I begin my letter with the greetings of peace as instructed by the Noble Prophet 
Mohammed. 
November 7 will mark one year since you and I met and laughed . Many things have 
changed since, and many, have not. You became crown prince and I remained a friend 
The economics of the kingdom have not done as well. At our meeting I suggested 
reviewing the actual goals of the kingdom and then reaching into a sphisticated tool box 
to offer solutions. A rethinking of the Aramco transaction was only a part of what I 
believe was needed. I recognized that the forces and momentum of aligned 
personalities , wall street , your advisors and third parties would put up roadblocks to 
new thinking. You have been a visionary with 2030 , but it takes NEW thinking to guide 
the money piece of the plan. Everything else in your vision relies on new views but the 
aramco transaction is stuck in the past. 
Having world wide shareholders , with rights to audit everything and everyone is , 
silly. Sorry for the bluntness.. You have been treated as if you are only a large 
company. you are not . you are a soverign with unique rights. You should amend the 
laws to protect yourself from JASTA. you are playing into the hands of the wall street 
demons. you need cash, you have resources . getting the money from third parties 
should be structured as debt. options swaps ( all new financial instruments at your 
disposal ). having shares that flucturate on a daily basis , leads to many bad 
consequences. The value of your entire holding could be volatile. based on a small 
percentage of stock trading. IT IS WRONG!! and dangerous.. 
For example , you could sell china an option to buy an interest for 100 billion dollars. . 
There are few commissions so many wall street people will not approve. This option 
would give you what you need , it would create a valuation for the whole , ( if that is 
EFTA00988956
--- PAGE 2 ---
important ). It will keep you safe from predators. 
In addition you should form a new 
digital currency - the first to be wholly shariar compliant. The muslim world will 
rejoice and its uses will be for the future. 
I do not want any money from you or the kingdom. I believe in what you are trying to 
do. I am happy to come visit , if you will devote the time . You invited me on your boat, 
but I dont like boats. :) your time is precious , i realize but the economy is the blood of 
your vision. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988957

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988958.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988958.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 19:41:07 +0000 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm29.png; primeglobal_color_blktext_tagline4823.jpg; 
2013_ipatop100(2)18be.jpg 
Jeffrey, 
I will call tomorrow — when I can freely talk. I'm with a client today. 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
1375 Broadway 
New York, New York 10018 
Email: 
Website: 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeeyacation@gmail.comJ 
Sent: Monday, May 12, 2014 1:17 PM 
To: Thomas Turrin 
Subject: 
I understand you are out again today, I have questions re the F bar fling please call 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988958
--- PAGE 2 ---
Gr 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures, may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential, intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print. copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception and/or use of this communication arefrs strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any and all attachments). unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
EFTA00988959

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988960.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Farkas, Andrew L."
Subject: Re: Dude! 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 19:43:44 +0000 
when do i see you? 
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 3:14 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
wrote: 
What happened to the GLIB? Nice upgrade to the IV. 
Original Message 
From: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Monday, May 12, 2014 03:03 PM 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com' <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Subject: Dude! 
You're in st thomas! So am I! I just landed. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or 
protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in 
this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with 
Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be 
received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988960

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988961.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988961.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: "Nina K."
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 19:44:56 +0000 
yes doumbia 
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 3:36 PM, Nina K. < 
Adam Doumbia or Adama Doumbia? 
Do you know what he does? 
He might actually be buting for someone else. 
I don't know him but will ask around. 
Sent from my iPhone 
wrote: 
On May 12, 2014, at 3:21 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
a man names adam boumbia says he wants to buy my 727 and lives in the ivory coast? can you ask if he is 
real 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeea®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00988961
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988962

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988963.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988963.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Melanie Spinella
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 19:46:44 +0000 
Attachments: 2012 FBARS - L BLACK.pdf 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988963

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988964.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 17:08:24 +0000 
i would Hike to know the goals please. it has to be more than trips fun boys. . tell me how i can help. 
I feel 
i am doing the wrong thing allowing you to play everyday and not be challenged. grow. etc. your toefl test 
needs to be taken again. sign up today. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988964

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988965.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988965.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Joslin <1 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>, lawrence delson 
Subject: Avionetta 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 20:32:29 +0000 
Attachments: N624N_STRUCTURE_CHART 104785669(3).DOCX 
No change in structure — more verbiage on page 2 
From: Mandel, Michael [mailto: 
Sent: Monday, May 12, 2014 4:20 PM 
To: Richard Joslin 
Cc: accounting; Daigle, Brian 
Subject: RE: N624N - On JAFS Certificate 
Happy to do so. Just let us know what time is good for you and the others from the family 
office. 
Coincidentally, earlier today John Hannan requested an update to an ownership chart (with 
notes) that we prepared for Jeffrey Epstein in May of last year. We are attaching it for your 
information and review. 
Let us know when you'd like to talk. 
Michael 
Michael S. Mandel 
From: Richard Joslin [mafito: 
Sent: Monday, May 12, 2014 4:09 PM 
To: Mandel, Michael 
Cc: accounting 
Subject: RE: N624N - On JAFS Certificate 
Michael: 
I think you were working with Jet Aviation in August on a new Dry Lease Agreement and a Charter Service Agreement with 
the prospect that Avionetta would be granted 135 certification. Would you be able to update me on what documents will 
be be changing, particulalry those that were negotiated in Aug 2013. 
Also, would you have time later this week to walk me (and others from Leon Black Family office) though a bit of the 
history on Avionetta and to explain the structure chart, eg the N624N Trust, plane title, etc. We spoke to John Hannan last 
week and thought it might be good that we get information directly from you. Also, can you provide operating 
agreements for Avionetta Holdings LLC, Rance Acquisitions LLC and trust indenture for the N62N trust. 
I paste from a structure chart sent to me today from Lisa Graziano. 
EFTA00988965
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thanks 
Richard Joslin 
CFO 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Ave 
Ste. 1401 
New York, NY 10022 
The Aircraft Management Agreement with Jet Aviation Flight Services ("JAFS") executed in August 20111isted 
Avioneta Holdings as the Part 91 operator of the Aircraft, which was contrail? the Part 91 regulations (which 
prohibits an entity firm operating an aircraft for the benefit of others except under 
Part 135) 
Transaction Documents- August 31, 2013 
Aircraft Operating Agreement between Rance and Leon D. Black ("LDB "), granting LDB a non exclusive lease of 
the aircraft for Part 91 operations. 
Amended and Restated Aircraft Management Agreement among JAFS, Rance and LDB, substituting LDBfor 
Avioneta Holdings as operatorfor Part 91 operations. 
Non-Exclusive Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement between Rance and JAFS, establishing JAFS as the "Air Carrier" 
for Part 135 operations. 
From: Mandel, Michael imailto:
Sent: Tuesday, March 11, 201411:07 AM 
To: 'John Hannan'; Richard Joslin; 'Thomas Turrin 
Cc: Fenn, Patrick; Zivot, Louis; Lisa Graziano ( 
Subject: N624N - On JAFS Certificate 
FYI. A mere eight months after we began the process. 
Michael S. Mandel 
Internal: 24196 
From: 
f mallto 
Sent: Tuesday, March 11 2014 10:53 AM 
To: Mandel, Michael; 
Cc: 
Subject: N624N - On JAFS Certificate 
EFTA00988966
--- PAGE 3 ---
We are pleased to advised N624N has been placed on our 135 Certificate, Monday, March 10th. 
to complete their 135 training by the end of March. 
Thank you for your patience and understanding 
Best regards, 
Mary 
Jet Aviation Flight Services, Inc. 
Mary Demarest 
Account VP 
112 Charles A. Lindbergh Dr. 
Teterboro, New Jersey 07608 / United States 
Tel. 
mailto: 
The crew is scheduled 
IRS Circular 230 Notice Requirement: This communication is not given in the form of a covered 
opinion, within the meaning of Circular 230 issued by the United States Secretary of the Treasury. 
Thus, we are required to inform you that you cannot rely upon any tax advice contained in this 
communication for the purpose of avoiding United States federal tax penalties. In addition, any tax 
advice contained in this communication may not be used to promote, market or recommend a transaction 
to another party. 
The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential 
use of the recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message. 
IRS Circular 230 Notice Requirement: This communication is not given in the form of a covered 
opinion, within the meaning of Circular 230 issued by the United States Secretary of the Treasury. 
Thus, we are required to inform you that you cannot rely upon any tax advice contained in this 
communication for the purpose of avoiding United States federal tax penalties. In addition, any tax 
advice contained in this communication may not be used to promote, market or recommend a transaction 
to another party. 
The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential 
use of the recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message. 
EFTA00988967

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988968.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988968.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Melanie Spinella < 
>, Richard Joslin
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 20:41:38 +0000 
mel ---no urgency but I need you to review each airline fight to see the purpose of the trip. art related. buy 
look or sell phaidon realted. apollo realted etc. also please detail for joslin all pamyments to diana, ? ralph 
learner etc all realted expeses to leons collection 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988968

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988969.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 17:08:35 +0000 
waiting 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 6:51 PM, 
> wrote: 
I did 5 layouts and eventually fell asleep on cad. My error completely- I tried to do too much in the time or I 
should have set a longer time. I will send today 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 8:13 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.corn> wrote: 
project? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988969

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988970.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Mitchell 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 17:08:56 +0000 
tried to call twice 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988970

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988971.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 22:12:38 +0000 
Need to be over 25 
On Monday, May 12, 2014, 
MINIa 
wrote: 
Hello Jeffrey 
Do you know where is all girls going tonight ? And nobody didn't tell to me anything 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988971

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988972.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: balerina Simona
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2018 07:09:40 +0000 
I am delighted!!! when Jeffrey?!?:) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 15 Jun 2018, at 23:04, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Both 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 4:58 PM balerina Simona a 
wrote: 
My dear Jeffrey, 
I have a good contact in Paris for massage! 
This guy is incredibly talented! but its a guy... 
in case if you need absolutely good treatment- facelift , acupressure to relief some pain , gua sha technique I 
will agree with this men to come at your place! 
Or i can come with a train!:) 
httplAvww.massage-kobido-paris.fr/ 
Miss You. 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988972

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988973.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 17:10:44 +0000 
still waiting 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 6:51 PM, 
> wrote: 
I did 5 layouts and eventually fell asleep on cad. My error completely- I tried to do too much in the time or I 
should have set a longer time. I will send today 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 8:13 AM, jeffrev E. <jeevacation(iegmail.com> wrote: 
project? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988973

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988974.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 12 May 2014 22:49:47 +0000 
Can speak tonite or Tomonv 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988974

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988975.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: paul krassner 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacationggmail.com> 
Subject: FYI 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 17:12:25 +0000 
Inline-Images: f9d496f4156db88c578809252654c5cf.png 
<S> 
September 24, 2017 
Trump's urging that some NFL players be fired 
could cost him 15 years in prison 
Legal Information Institute 
1. U.S. Code > Title 18 > Part I > Chapter 11 > § 227 
U.S. Code § 227 - Wrongfully influencing a private entity's employment 
decisions by a Member of Congress or an officer or employee of the 
legislative or executive branch 
• US Code 
• Notes 
(a) Whoever, being a covered government person, with 
the intent to influence, solely on the basis of partisan 
political affiliation, an employment decision or 
employment practice of any private entity—
(1) 
takes or withholds, or offers or threatens to take or 
withhold, an official act, or 
(2) 
influences, or offers or threatens to influence, the 
official act of another, shall be fined under this title or 
imprisoned for not more than 15 years, or both, and 
may be disqualified from holding any office of honor, 
trust, or profit under the United States. 
(b) In this section, the term "covered government 
person" means—
I sent the Attn: Mueller re 
Trump crime to these 
journalists: 
AP John Rogers — on 
vacation 
NY Times 
LA Times 
Washington Post 
Village Voice 
Syndicated Sports 
columnist 
and Al Franken: 
(1) 
EFTA00988975
--- PAGE 2 ---
a Senator or Representative in, or a Delegate or 
Resident Commissioner to, the Congress; 
(2) 
an employee of either House of Congress; or 
(3) 
the President, Vice President, an employee of the 
United States Postal Service or the Postal Regulatory 
Commission, or any other executive branch employee 
(as such term is defined under section 2105 of title 5, 
United States Code). 
Office of Sen. Al Franken 
Thank you for submitting your message to my U.S. Senate office. Each week, several thousand 
Minnesotans send me their thoughts and suggestions on legislation and important issues facing 
our nation. This impressive volume is a testament to the Minnesotan traditions of grassroots 
activism and civic participation that distinguish our state. I closely track the concerns that are 
expressed in your letters and emails, and will answer them as soon as possible. 
Sincerely, 
R,Signature 
Al Franken 
United States Senator 
P.S. To sign up to receive my email updates visit http://franken.senate.gow
EFTA00988976

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988977.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Farkas, Andrew L." < 
ann rodriquez
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 02:28:22 +0000 
are you coming what time email me early i will have someone take you over around 730? is that good? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988977

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988978.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 02:28:53 +0000 
your voice lesson moved to wed at 315 and thurs at 4 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988978

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988979.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 02:35:35 +0000 
im in ny 18 19 , then 31 „ what are you going to do for the 25th 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988979

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988980.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988980.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez  
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 02:36:52 +0000 
please provide me a statsu report, 
we need new desk and large photo in dentist office, . new desk chair in 
cabana 2. clean up tunnel and containers in back, tennis tie down. cabinet, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988980

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988981.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn 
>, Brice Gordon <1 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 02:38:02 +0000 
for July can am 1000 rx. for ranch, sept we will get new escalade for ny and ship ny suburban to zorro. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988981

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988982.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ivjet
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 02:39:48 +0000 
1. ram air , eithr not closing properly , 2. air packs valve not opening all the way after shut down of ram, 3. 
air to center pedestal or dome , out of whack, . 4. temp control valves sticking, 5. crss ductin opening, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988982

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988983.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 11:25:01 +0000 
did you go to rome? what time skype? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988983

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988984.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Peter Mandelson 
Subject: Re: Larry 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 11:48:17 +0000 
Inline-Images: FD9BED4C-033B-4746-A0F6-7064787C9206[8].png 
how did it end? 
On Sat, Apr 26, 2014 at 5:37 PM, Peter Mandelson 
> wrote: 
Fight back taking place now by Trichet, tarry returning with gusto, audience stunned 
Par 
Lord Mendelson 
Chairman 
t 
Wigmore Street, London. W1U 2RU 
www.globalcounsel.co.uk 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Saturday, 26 April 2014 22:35 
To: Peter Mandelson 
Subject: Re: Larry 
had dinner with him wed. what is the reaction 
On Sat, Apr 26, 2014 at 5:27 PM, Peter Mandelson 
wrote: 
Just listening to him at Trilateral in DC giving European monetary union the laceration treatment.... 
Lord Mandelson 
Chairman 
Wigmore Street, London, W1U 2RU 
www.global-counsel.co.uk 
Disclaimer 
This email and any attachments to It may be confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual to whom it is addressed. My views or opinions 
expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Global Counsel LLP and Global Counsel Advisory Limited . If you are not 
the intended recipient of this email, you must neither take any action based upon Its contents, nor copy or show it to anyone. Please contact the sender if you 
believe you have received this email in error. Global Counsel LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England with number 0C359787. registered 
office New Bridge Street House, 30-34 New Bridge Street, London. United Kingdom EC4V 68J. 
please note 
EFTA00988984
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Disclaimer 
This email and any attachments to it may be confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual to whom it is addressed. My views or opinions 
expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Global Counsel LLP and Global Counsel Advisory Limited . If you are not the 
intended recipient of this email, you must neither take any action based upon its contents, nor copy or show it to anyone. Please contact the sender if you believe 
you have received this email in error. Global Counsel LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England with number 0C359787. registered office New 
Bridge Street House. 30-34 New Bridge Street, London, United Kingdom EC4V 68J. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988985

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988986.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Peter Mandelson 
To: mjeevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Larry 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 11:50:02 +0000 
Inline-Images: FD9BED4C-033B-4746-A0F6-7064787C9206[8].png 
He had to leave for the airport before the end, mario monti thanking him for his constructive observations which can only 
help Europe complete the project... 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [nalltoleevacation@gmall.00m] 
Sent: Sunday, April 27, 2014 12:48 PM 
To: Peter Mandelson 
Subject: Re: Larry 
how did it end? 
On Sat, Apr 26, 2014 at 5:37 PM, Peter Mandelson 
wrote: 
Fight back taking place now by Trichet, Larry returning with gusto, audience stunned 
Lord Mandelson 
Chairman 
Wigmore Street, London, Will 2RU 
www.global-counsel.co.uk 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Saturday, 26 April 2014 22:35 
To: Peter Mandelson 
Subject: Re: Larry 
i had dinner with him wed. what is the reaction 
On Sat, Apr 26, 2014 at 5:27 PM, Peter Mandelson 
wrote: 
Just listening to him at Trilateral in DC giving European monetary union the laceration treatment.... 
Lord Mandelson 
Chairman 
Wigmore Street, London, W1U 2RU 
www.global-cou nsel.co.uk 
Disclaimer 
This email and any attachments to it may be confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual to whom it is addressed. My views or opinions 
EFTA00988986
--- PAGE 2 ---
expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Global Counsel LLP and Global Counsel Advisory Limited . If you are not 
the intended recipient of this email, you must neither take any action based upon Its contents, nor copy or show it to anyone. Please contact the sender if you 
believe you have received this email in error. Global Counsel LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England with number OC359787. registered 
office New Bridge Street House. 30-34 New Bridge Street. London. United Kingdom EC4V 6BJ. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return email or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Disclaimer 
This email and any attachments to it may be confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual to whom it is addressed. My views or opinions 
expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Global Counsel LLP and Global Counsel Advisory Limited . If you are not the 
intended recipient of this email. you must neither take any action based upon its contents, nor copy or show it to anyone. Please contact the sender if you believe 
you have received this email in error. Global Counsel LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England with number OC359787. registered office New 
Bridge Street House. 30-34 New Bridge Street. London. United Kingdom EC4V 68J. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Disclaimer 
This email and any attachments to it may be confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual to whom it is addressed. My views or opinions 
expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Global Counsel LLP and Global Counsel Advisory Limited . If you are not the 
intended recipient of this email. you must neither take any action based upon its contents, nor copy or show it to anyone. Please contact the sender if you believe 
you have received this email in error. Global Counsel LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England with number OC359787. registered office New 
Bridge Street House. 30-34 New Bridge Street, London, United Kingdom EC4V 6BJ. 
EFTA00988987

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988988.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jermaine Ruan
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 12:09:59 +0000 
https://www.youtube.corn/v/S77NBIYzrNo%26hd=1 
where are we with isp. google confefnce? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988988

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988989.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988989.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Tazia Smith < 
>, Paul Morris
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 12:10:57 +0000 
copper?> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988989

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988990.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "COLOM, Olivier"
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 12:11:50 +0000 
is she back? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988990

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988991.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Margherita
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 17:14:23 +0000 
island destroyed , trying to get people food and water. where are you? 
On Mon, Oct 16, 2017 at 7:13 PM, Margherita < 
wrote: 
I How are you? X 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988991

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988992.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Stephen Hanson .5 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 12:15:40 +0000 
lets be careful re s and p. might want to buy out of the money puts. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988992

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988993.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 12:24:06 +0000 
No i didnt go there. Maybe i should... Did you watched kanonization of John Paul 2? 
Dnia Apr 27, 2014 o godz. 1:25 PM Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> napisal(a): 
did you go to rome? what time skype? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988993

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988994.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "COLOM, Olivier"
To: leevacation@gmail.comm <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 12:28:56 +0000 
Dunna 
De : Jeffrey Epstein [inailto:jeevacation@gmaitcom] 
Envoyé : Sunday, April 27, 2014 02:11 PM 
À : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : 
is she back? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retum e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
L;
 adoptons des gestes responsables N'imprimez ce mail que si nécessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention exclusive des destinataires 
prévus par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de ce message, nous vous remercions de le détruire 
immédiatement et d'en avertir l'expéditeur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son intégrité ne peut être 
assurée. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou omissions contenues 
dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, 
sous réserve de tout accord par écrit entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi 
Informatique et Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute personne 
a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les traitements automatisés dont il 
dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espariol Chinese 
©2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réserves 
EFTA00988994

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988995.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 12:37:22 +0000 
yes, I think you should get out of your house. OF course you can meet me in paris if you prefere. but . I dIn't 
like the fact that you seem not peaceful. I think you should come to ny on the 8 , go to doctors on the 9th.( 
dyslexci , etc ) 10, come to island on 11. stay untul 31. st 
On Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 8:24 AM, < 
> wrote: 
No i didnt go there. Maybe i should... Did you watched kanonization of John Paul 2? 
Dnia Apr 27, 2014 o godz. 1:25 PM Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> napisal(a): 
did you go to rome? what time skype? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00988995
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988996

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988997.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff < 
>, 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 12:38:45 +0000 
I think marimaa should come to ny on the 8 , go to doctors syslexic on the 9th. 10, come to island on 11. stay 
unti 31. st she will fly wiht me on sat to ny then on to poland. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988997

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988998.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 13:05:06 +0000 
speak today? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988998

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00988999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00988999.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: behnbom
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 13:05:29 +0000 
how many girls are you bringing over? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00988999

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989000.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989000.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2014 13:47:34 +0000 
tuesday, would you like somothing from new york. do you need to find work in states. do you want to come to 
island in may, june? 
On Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 9:45 AM, < 
> wrote: 
When are you coming to paris? 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989000

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989001.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 14:45:45 +0000 
Ariane and sultan going to st Petersburg conference 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989001

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989002.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Martin G. Weinberg"
To: •Tz
lia>, 
<jeevacation@gmail.com>,
Subject: CONFIDENTIAL 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 14:50:39 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: Invoice_,_5-5-14.doc 
An invoice for legal services is attached, thanks. Marty 
EFTA00989002

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989003.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 16 Oct 2017 17:23:53 +0000 
job? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989003

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989004.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "COLOM, Olivier" <I 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 15:23:15 +0000 
fabrice in coming to see me at 7 . I think you and I need private conversaition. 9 pm or tomorw morn.? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989004

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989005.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito <, 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 15:23:24 +0000 
now?> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989005

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989006.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "COLOM, Olivier"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 15:33:40 +0000 
ok at your convenience i leave at 1130 
2014-05-05 17:30 GMT+02:00 COLOM, Olivier < 
Tomorrow morning better. Thanks 
>: 
De : jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj
Envoyé : Monday, May 05, 2014 05:23 PM 
À : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : 
fabrice in coming to see me at 7 . I think you and I need private conversaition. 9 pm or tomorw mom.? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
nécessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention exclusive 
des destinataires prévus par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le détruire immédiatement et d'en avertir l'expéditeur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son intégrité ne peut être 
assurée. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
EFTA00989006
--- PAGE 2 ---
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous réserve de tout accord par écrit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi Informatique et 
Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatisés dont il dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espanol I Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989007

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989008.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito <, 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 15:34:20 +0000 
no problem yes, better after 330 your itme 
On Mon, May 5, 2014 at 5:32 PM, Joi Ito 
wrote: 
In meetings but can try to call in between. You still in Paris? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 5, 2014, at 11:23, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
now?> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989008

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989009.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: "COLOM, Olivier"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 15:35:25 +0000 
ok 
2014-05-05 17:34 GMT+02:00 COLOM, Olivier
10? 
>. 
De : jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Envoye : Monday, May 05, 2014 05:33 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : Re: 
ok at your convenience i leave at 1130 
2014-05-05 17:30 GMT+02:00 COLOM, Olivier <1 
Tomorrow morning better. Thanks 
De : Jeffrey E. [mallto:ejevacataiori
agn
Envoye : Monday, May 05, 2014 05:23 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : 
fabrice in coming to see me at 7 . I think you and I need private conversaition. 9 pm or tomorw mom.? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989009
--- PAGE 2 ---
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
nécessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention 
exclusive des destinataires prévus par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de 
ce message, nous vous remercions de le détruire immédiatement et d'en avertir 
l'expéditeur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son 
intégrité ne peut être assurée. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous réserve de tout accord par écrit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi Informatique et 
Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatisés dont il dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espahol I Chinese 
©2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
_TEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
nécessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention exclusive 
des destinataires prévus par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le détruire immédiatement et d'en avertir l'expéditeur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
EFTA00989010
--- PAGE 3 ---
Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son intégrité ne peut être 
assurée. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous réserve de tout accord par écrit 
entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi Informatique et 
Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute 
personne a le droit d1nterroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les 
traitements automatisés dont il dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la 
concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espatiol I Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989011

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989012.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 15:36:50 +0000 
ask reid hoffman asst to set a time to skype or speak 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989012

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989013.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Daphne Wallace < 
>, ann rodriquez 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 15:41:53 +0000 
is there an afternoon church service for mariana after 12 on sunday? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989013

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989014.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Larry Cohen
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 15:42:52 +0000 
tried. email me when free 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989014

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989015.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Terje Rod-Larsen < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 18:22:01 +0000 
Gave instructions more than a month ago. Will check if implemented. Everything ok, if not will see that is done 
right away. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 22, 2017, at 16:49, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
didMl get done? 
----
orwarded message ---
From: Jeffrey E leevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Wed, Nov 1, 2017 at 7:25 AM 
Subject: 
To: Richard Kahn
send IPI 100 k . to tede attention. . also take 
off our pauyroll 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989015
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989016

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989017.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Church 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 16:13:38 +0000 
Forwarded message 
From: Ann Rodriquez <I 
Date: Mon, May 5, 2014 at 5:57 PM 
Subject: Re: Church 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc: Daphne Wallace <I 
Bosslady said there is one for 12:30pm but it's in Spanish. 
Ann R. 
On May 5, 2014, at 11:41 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
is there an afternoon church service for mariana after 12 on sunday? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00989017
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989018

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989019.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: housekeeping 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 17:40:23 +0000 
Attachments: doc00728720140505123400.pdf 
See attached. Funds for each were transferred from Leon & Debra's account to Foundation account and then payments 
were wired from the Foundation account to each charity. 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailtoleevacation@gmailcom] 
Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2014 1:40 PM 
To: Eileen Alexanderson; Melanie Spinella 
Subject: housekeeping 
Eileen , though I am certain i resigned from the foundation in 08. no letter was found in your files. and my 
name is still attached, please tell us what exactly was done during this time. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989019

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989020.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: G0000d morning! 
Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2018 08:08:19 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 6330.MOV 
Inline-Images: IMG_6336_Facetune_16-06-2018-10-02-27.jpg; IMG_6337.jpeg 
EFTA00989020

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989021.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jermaine Ruan
Subject: Re: TV for Chillax 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 20:37:33 +0000 
shartp 70 
On Mon, May 5, 2014 at 10:14 PM, Jermaine Ruan < 
> wrote: 
Good day boss, 
A TV is needed in Chillax Room for the Chromebox equipment to be installed on, below are some suggestions 
for Large TV's that are available locally or online. 
Locally Availble: 
• 
Sharp LED 70" ($4,999.99) with the Latest 4K resolution technology (Link: 
https://shop.pricesmart.com/vi/en/product/342919220/70-aquos-4k-ultra-hd-led-tv-4k-upscaler ) 
• 
Sharp LED 80" ($4,499.99) has only the 1080p technology ( Link: 
https://shop.pricesmart.com/vi/en/category/10091/10124/10809/all-led-tvs#page=1 ) 
• 
Sharp LED 90" ($7,999.99) has only the 1080p technology Limited stock but can be ordered (Link: 
https://shop.pricesmart.com/vi/en/product/315897010/aquos-90-class-1080p-120hz-led-smart-3d-tv ) 
Both the 70" and the 80" are available now at PriceSmart, but the 90" there is only one in stock currently. 
These are models I found online: 
• 
Samsung UN65HU8550 65" ($3,499.99) Ultra High Definition TV (Link: 
http:/Avww.crutchfield.com/p_30565U8550/Samsung-UN65HU8550.html ) 
• 
Sony ICDL60W850B 60" ($1,999.99) 3D Smart LED TV (Link: http:/Avww.amazon.com/Sony-
KDL60W850B-60-Inch-1080p-120Hz/dp/B00FIPMCN74/ref=sr_1_3? 
s=tv&ie=UTF8&qid= 13993 11435&sr=1-3&keywords—LED+HDMI+TV ) 
Both have 4K technology 
EFTA00989021
--- PAGE 2 ---
Respectfully Submitted 
JRuan 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989022

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989023.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Joscha Bach <, 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 21:32:21 +0000 
I will just send you the money. Im on a plane to new york talk wed but you can begin to organize 
On Mon, May 5, 2014 at 11:30 PM, Joscha Bach < 
> wrote: 
Let me know when it is a good time! 
> Easy talk Monday 
> On Sunday, May 4, 2014, Joscha Bach < 
> wrote: 
> Thank you! 
> What is the best way to do it, financially? Should we buy ourselves and get re-imbursed, or should we run 
this via one of your people? 
> — Joscha 
> > do it 
>> 
> > 
> > On Sun, May 4, 2014 at 8:21 AM, Joscha Bach < 
> wrote: 
> > Ideally: 4 people. Flights are currently 1100 USD, an apartment in Cambridge on AirBnB ca. 5500 (for 
all), and food about 1000 per person. That is —14K. 
> > Cheers, 
> > Joscha 
> > > how many people would you like to invite druing the summer can i have a budget. 
> » 
> » 
> > > On Sat, May 3, 2014 at 9:13 PM, Joscha Bach < 
> wrote: 
> » 
> > > Too short, especially to get to know everyone... And not too long to get annoyed, either. Among other 
things, it also seemed to be a good opportunity to get in touch with potential investors into AI startups. 
> » 
> > > I owe the invitation to an AI professor (Robert Trappl) I met in Vienna a couple of months ago. 
> » 
> » 
Here's yours truly: 
> » 
> » 
>>  > Thank you for the apartment! We used it on the first day. before we moved into the conference hotel. 
>>> 
> » 
Bests, 
> > > Joscha 
> » 
EFTA00989023
--- PAGE 2 ---
>>> 
>> »  how was dld? 
>>» 
>>»--
>>» 
please note 
»» 
 The information contained in this communication is 
»» 
 confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
»» 
 constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> > » 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
>>»JEE 
»» 
 Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
»» 
 communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
»» 
 and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
»» 
 communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
»» 
 return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
»» 
 destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
»» 
 including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
>>> 
>>> 
>>> 
>>> 
>>>--
>>> 
please note 
> > > The information contained in this communication is 
>>  > confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> > > constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> > > the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
>>>JEE 
> > > Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> > > communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> > > and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
>>  > communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> > > return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> » 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
>>  > including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> > 
> > 
> > 
please note 
>> 
> The information contained in this communication is 
>> 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
>> 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
» 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
» 
JEE 
> > Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> > communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
» 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
>> 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
>> 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> > destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
>> 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989024
--- PAGE 3 ---
> --
> 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989025

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989026.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff < 
>, 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 21:33:10 +0000 
would prefer to leave ny and fly through miami. if there is no late san juan st thomas flight 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989026

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989027.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989027.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: drsra 
Subject: Re: Call me 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 21:41:14 +0000 
number? 
On Mon, May 5, 2014 at 11:37 PM, drsra < 
> wrote: 
Call me when you get a chance. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989027

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989028.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 21:45:30 +0000 
why can't 
fly the 253 jet blue to san Juan and then the 830 to lsj 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989028

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989029.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989029.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cashkim Bussue  
To: Richard Kahn 
, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>, 
Subject: Cottage 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 19:25:36 +0000 
_o_ IMG 0600.JPG 
IMG_0601.JPG 
_o_ IMG 0602.JPG 
IMG_0603.JPG 
_o_ IMG 0604.JPG 
IMG_0605.JPG 
_o_ IMG 0606.JPG 
IMG_0607.JPG 
_o_ IMG 0608.JPG 
IMG_0609.JPG 
_„_ IMG0610.JPG 
_„_ IMG0611.JPG 
_o_ IMG 0612.JPG 
IMG_0613.JPG 
_o_ IMG 0614.JPG 
IMG_0615.JPG 
IMG 0616.JPG 
EFTA00989029
--- PAGE 2 ---
_o_ IMG 0617.JPG 
IMG 0618.JPG 
_o_ IMG 0619.JPG 
IMG 0621.JPG 
_o_ IMG 0623.JPG 
IMG 0624.JPG 
_o_ IMG 0625.JPG 
IMG 0626.JPG 
_o_ IMG 0627.JPG 
IMG 0628.JPG 
_o_ IMG_0629.JPG 
IMG 0630.JPG 
_o_ IMG 0631.JPG 
IMG 0632.JPG 
_o_ IMG 0633.JPG 
IMG 0634.JPG 
_o_ IMG 0635.JPG 
IMG_0636.JPG 
_o_ IMG_0637.JPG 
IMG 0638.JPG 
EFTA00989030
--- PAGE 3 ---
IMG_0639.JPG 
IMG_0640.JPG 
• 
IMG_0641.JPG 
• 
IMG_0642.JPG 
• 
IMG_0643.JPG 
• 
IMG_0644.JPG 
• 
IMG_0645.JPG 
• 
IMG_0646.JPG 
• 
IMG_0647.JPG 
EFTA00989031

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989032.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 21:48:28 +0000 
i might be in wed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989032

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989033.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: drsra 
Subject: Re: Call me 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 22:22:35 +0000 
numnbe? Im in paris six hours ahead 
On Mon, May 5, 2014 at 11:37 PM, drsra < 
> wrote: 
Call me when you get a chance. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989033

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989034.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 23:10:06 +0000 
Yes 
On Tue, May 6, 2014 at 1:09 AM, 
> wrote: 
Yes, I see this on the Jet Blue website... $363 one way. 
Depart 2:59pm arrive 7:01pm SJU. Depart 8:25pm Arrive 9:01pm 
Please advise if I should purchase this ticket. 
On May 5, 2014, at 5:45 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> wrote: 
why can'tMfly 
the 253 jet blue to san Juan and then the 830 to lsj 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989034
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989035

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989036.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 00:14:38 +0000 
yes plase details 
On Tue, May 6, 2014 at 1:57 AM, 
wrote: 
I can send you photo!? 
Thank you 
On May 5, 2014, at 5:40 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
who is the friend? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989036

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989037.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 00:47:12 +0000 
am ? 
On Tue, May 6, 2014 at 2:40 AM, 
Yes she should be available 
Thank you 
I On May 5, 2014, at 8:40 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> wrote: 
wednesday? 
On Tue, May 6, 2014 at 2:26 AM, 
<image.jpeg> 
Thank you 
On May 5, 2014, at 8:21 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
her name? 
> wrote: 
wrote: 
On Tue, May 6, 2014 at 1:57 AM, 
wrote: 
I can send you photo!? 
Thank you 
On May 5, 2014, at 5:40 PM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
who is the friend? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00989037
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989038
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989039

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989040.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Greeting from Bali 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 03:01:32 +0000 
Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg; image003jpg; image002jpg; image004jpg 
Forwarded message 
From: SOFITEL Bali Nusa Dua FBI
Date: Sun, Apr 27, 2014 at 8:29 PM 
Subject: Greeting from Bali 
To: "reffreyAjeffreyepstein.org" <jeffreyAjeffreyepstein.org>
Cc: ' 
Dear Mr Epstein 
Wishing you are fine and Healthy 
Kindly need your advice for the Job Vacancy that you have in your Private Residence in Miami florida 
Or New York City as Private Butler 
I am very interested to work in your Place recommend by my Previous Boss Mr Nicholas Simmonds 
Kindly need your response in this 
Hope I will have opportunity to Skype with you 
My Skype 
EFTA00989040
--- PAGE 2 ---
Best Regards, 
KAF 
laSpring2014_signEmail_SL 
Kafrawi Yuliantono 
H 
Assist. Director Food & Beverage 
Sofitel Bali Nusa Dua Resort 
Mobile : 
Lot N5, Kawasan BTDC 
Nusa Duo, Bali 80363 
Indonesia 
www.sofitel.com 
id: image° 
This e-mail, any attachments and the information contained therein ("this message") are confidential and 
intended solely for the use of the addressee(s). If you have received this message in error please send it back to 
the sender and delete it. Unauthorized publication, use, dissemination or disclosure of this message, either in 
whole or in part is strictly prohibited. 
Ce message electronique et tons les fichiers joints ainsi que les informations contenues dans ce message (ci apres 
"le message"), sont confidentiels et destines exclusivement a ('usage de la personne a laquelle ils sont adresses. 
Si vous avez recu ce message par erreur, merci de le renvoyer a son emetteur et de le detruire. Toute diffusion, 
publication, totale ou partielle ou divulgation sous quelque forme que ce soit non expressement autorisees de ce 
message, sont interdites. 
MEDIA/PR 
EFTA00989041
--- PAGE 3 ---
Jeffre E stein VI Foundation 
EFTA00989042

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989043.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal
Subject: Re: 2017 IFP Gotham Awards. Chairs from Jeffrey Epstein OK. 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 19:41:15 +0000 
Inline-Images: image002.png; image001.png 
ill be there 
On Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 12:21 PM, Peggy Siegal < 
wrote: 
OK. No joking...for a second. You are three. You and two girls? 
I will sit with you. I want a good table so 
please don't bale the day of. 
I am going to call you now too. 
xoxo Peggy 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Wednesday, November 22, 2017 12:19 PM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Subject: Re: 2017 IFP Gotham Awards. Chairs from Jeffrey Epstein OK. 
yes i am . im in palm beach with Ken Starr. so much firm ,= can you imagine if the clinton monica cigar 
insertion story would have come out now instead of 20 years ago ? WOW 
On Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 12:14 PM, Peggy Siegal < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey. I am calling you now. Where are you? Are you coming to the Gotham Awards on Monday. They are 
doing the seating. 
xoxo peggy 
From: Martha Frances Williams 
Sent: Wednesday, November 22, 2017 11:54 AM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Cc: Steven Pfeiffer 
Subject: Re: 2017 IFP Gotham Awards. Chairs from Jeffrey Epstein OK. 
Hi Peggy, 
I am reaching out to inquire if you have heard from Jeffrey whether or not he will be able to attend. We 
would like to ensure his name and any guest names are included on the list to ensure a seamless process 
upon entrance. 
Let us know, and I hope you have a wonderful Thanksgiving. 
Best, 
EFTA00989043
--- PAGE 2 ---
Martha Frances 
Assistant to Joana Vicente 
From: Steven Pfeiffer 
Date: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 at 2:15 PM 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation 
ail.com>
Cc: Rebecca Drescher 
•, Lila Walker 
, Peggy 
Sie al 
Rich Kahn 
, Joana Vicente 
ect: e: 
otham Awards. Chairs from Jeffrey Epstein OK. 
Hi Jeffery — 
I just wanted to follow up on a couple of notes. I have been coordinating with Richard Kahn (copied), and I 
have sent along to him the invoice and donation letter. So, we are all set on that front. 
I also wanted to circle back around on Peggy's note below. Will you indeed be attending the ceremony this 
year? Also, you had indicated you would have three additional guests as well. If you are available to attend 
the ceremony, please let us know, as well as to provide us with the names of your three guests. (Security is 
extra tight this year, with honoring Al Gore and all, and everyone's names have to be on the list to attend). 
Thanks so much, and look forward hearing more on this. 
Best, 
Steven 
Steven Pfeiffer 
Associate Director, Development 
Independent Filmmaker Project 
EFTA00989044
--- PAGE 3 ---
Made in NY Media Center by IFP 
John Street 
Brooklyn  NY 11201 
P: 
From: Peggy Siegal
Date: Thursday, November 16, 2017 at 3:31 PM 
To: Jeffre 
E stein <*eevacation@gmail.com>, Steven Pfeiffer 
, Joana Vicente < 
Cc: Rebecca Drescher 
, Lila Walker < 
Subject: Re: 2017 IFP Gotham Awards. Chairs from Jeffrey Epstein OK. 
, Rich Kahn 
Jeffrey; every year I beg you to come and every year you don't. I will sit with you this year. If you bail, 
please let me know ASAP. You will have four seats with me. Xoxo peggy 
Sent from my BlackBerry - the most secure mobile device 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Sent: November 16, 2017 3:26 PM 
To 
Subject: Re: 2017 IFP Gotham Awards 
happy to buy your 10k of chairs and will need me plus 3 seats. 
On Thu, Nov 16, 2017 at 1:36 PM, Steven Pfeiffer 
wrote: 
Hello Jeffrey — 
I hope all is well with you. As per Peggy Siegal's office, I have included here the invitation to the IFP 
Gotham Awards ceremony, which will be held on Monday, November 27 at Cipriani Wall Street in New 
EFTA00989045
--- PAGE 4 ---
York City. 
This year's ceremony is going to be another successful event. We couldn't be more thrilled with this 
year's impressive group of Tributees. The Actress Tribute will go to Nicole Kidman and the Actor Tribute 
to Dustin Hoffman. The Director Tribute will be given to Sofia Coppola, with the Cinematographer 
Tribute going to Ed Lachman. With the Industry Tribute, we will be honoring Jason Blum, founder of 
Blumhouse Productions. And we simply couldn't be more pleased to honor Vice President Al Gore with 
this year's special Humanitarian Tribute. With nominees this year ranging from Willem Dafoe, Adam 
Sandler and Robert Pattison to Margot Robbie, Lois Smith and Mary J. Blige, this year's ceremony 
looks to be the most star studded ever. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Best regards, 
Steven 
Steven Pfeiffer 
Associate Director, Development 
Independent Filmmaker Project 
Made in NY Media Center by IFP 
John Street 
Brooklya  NY 11201 
P: 
vviarv.
rg 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00989046
--- PAGE 5 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989047

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989048.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989048.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 05:05:19 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Inline-Images: wlEmoticon-smile[1].png 
yaaay ; 1-",t)smev 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Monda 
Ma 05, 2014 5:48 PM 
To: 
i might be in wed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989048

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989049.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 05:59:06 +0000 
I would like to see all 
On Tue, May 6, 2014 at 3:40 AM, 
wrote: 
Let me know when you would like me to come - any day of these is good for me. 
I will be very happy to see you again and to show you some of Tchaikovsky video if you would like to see 
some of it! 
Date: Mon, 5 May 2014 23:48:36 +0200 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
i might be in wed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989049
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989050

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989051.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Nicole Junkermann
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 05:59:33 +0000 
come strraight to house 
On Tue, May 6, 2014 at 5:53 AM, Nicole Junkermann < 
> wrote: 
I land in paris at 10 am can i see you before you leave? 
Sent from my Samsung Galaxy smanphone. 
Original message -----
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:06/05/2014 00:50 (GMT+02:00) 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: 
Im leaving tomonv at 1130 am/ need to return to ny are you here tonite 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00989051
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989052

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989053.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989053.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mail Delivery Subsystem <a 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: Delivery Status Notification (Failure) 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 06:23:03 +0000 
Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently: 
Technical details of permanent failure: 
DNS Error: Domain name not found 
--- Original message 
DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed; 
d=gmail.com; s=20120113; 
h=mime-version:date:message-id:subject:from:to:content-type; 
bh=bHLLO3Zp7eq3a2MyCygaXW4vx/dIKbvi7cfFXFIdclY=; 
b=kPHLvccIABrNxAbYXjua36Gk8preZAI9Sg3BrizEp7vdy83443YhvGjsYH5UoS/M/2Af 
psXpJUP1+v31DaJjViaHgsY6fSP8luleu+A8nc9IMmiExIAIFZgINhpyk3NHqQ9VNleO 
6BPb/M1XsPaIcEtkKXG0tBqaAIXqAr3HSaFwWitenb/88aaSFuGmDSc5ZO2SaRQYLyuP 
vtIJIbj+WOeFICiRxKKI/11..ryc6ofinGVP7iFTRaT20CQ4LF9VKh4FVEKWz8gNAGWvnhC 
aEEGvPugqNVIChdScVngZQOHo6EmfOVNBa7gEUSrFLo5zLnwyGUkPYfs2KtZKuoF+nRIH 
iENg= 
MIME-Version: 1.0 
X-Received: by 10.58.116.1 with SMTP id jsImr434599veb.29.1399357383059; Mon, 
May 2014 23:23:03 -0700 (PDT) 
Received: by 10.58.164.101 with HTTP; Mon, 5 May 2014 23:23:03 -0700 (PDT) 
Date: Tue, 6 May 2014 08:23:03 +0200 
Message-ID: CA+t=u-ZYNKmV9+2+PQg_vwD9A8JSJz9XFwS8o4agOWQTKtykUQ@mail.gmail.com> 
Subject: 
From:"'effre E." <*eevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary
47d7b677534bb30f204f8b54759 
yesterday was fun, and I sincerely appreciate your help. when are you 
next in ny? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989053
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989054

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989055.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Larry Visoski 
Subject: Re: hell update 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 06:23:51 +0000 
it has been 2 weeks since down 
On Tue, May 6, 2014 at 3:27 AM, Lany Visoski c 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Hell update: 
Progress is terrible, during today's visit to hell, I was informed by David Burch the manager, his best Lead 
Mechanic Andy Phillips quit a week before my arrival. (I was not informed of this), Andy was the main reason 
I take the hell there. Second Mechanic, Ken who took over Andy's position this father-in-law comminuted 
suicide last week) so he's gone. I told Burch this isn't my problem and shouldn't effect Bell's delivery 
performance and he better get support from Bell in Bristol TN. 
Since I arrived 6pm on April 23rd, they first started on Thursday 24th, so they are 8 days into the inspection at 
this time. 
I told Burch I need to be airborne / completed by May 14th, so I could be readily for your 17th departure. I 
was told an estimate 14 day down time barring no major findings., 
- this will be my last visit to Lauderdale for annual inspection unless they hire more qualified people. 
I'll keep you advised. 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 5, 2014, at 5:45 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
hell schedule 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989055
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989056

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989057.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989057.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 06:25:14 +0000 
yesterday was fun, when are you next in ny? thanks in advance for any help you can be 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989057

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989058.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Thomas Turrin < 
, Richard Joslin 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 06:39:11 +0000 
http://www.advocatetax.com/6950/irs-rules-on-depreciation-for-mixed-use-charter-part-91-aircraft/ 
tom , your statement that depreciation only begins when 135 approved does not appear accurate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989058

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989059.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989059.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 06:39:35 +0000 
have alan duglash at the torn turrn joslin meeting as well as rich kahn 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989059

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989060.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: out of email contact Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 07:15:16 +0000 
Sony , but I will be out of contact until 8pm eastern. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989060

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989061.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.eorn> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 07:31:01 +0000 
what do you mean? on my way to new york 
On Tue, May 6, 2014 at 9:15 AM,
wrote: 
Good morning Jeffrey, 
It's not really what I have expected. I guess I have to give it a month or so...are you still in Paris? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mays 6, 2014, at 8:45, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
hows the job? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989061

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989062.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: out of email contact Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 07:58:49 +0000 
Sorry , but I will be out of contact until 8pm eastern. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989062

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989063.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989063.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 19:41:55 +0000 
palm beach. did you see the kyle godfrey charley rose article 
On Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 12:33 PM, 
> wrote: 
Where are you for Thanksgiving and this week? 
This message is directed to and is for the use of the above-noted addressee only, and its contents may be 
legally privileged or confidential. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any distribution, dissemination, or copy of this message is strictly prohibited. If you have received 
this message in error, please delete it immediately and notify the sender. This message is not intended to be an 
electronic signature nor to constitute an agreement of any kind under applicable law unless otherwise 
expressly indicated hereon. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989063

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989064.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "COLOM, Olivier" 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 07:59:03 +0000 
ok 
2014-05-06 9:58 GMT+02:00 COLOM, Olivier 
Running late 15mn. Sony 
>: 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et etablis a l'attention exclusive 
des destinataires prevus par l'expediteur. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire de ce 
message, nous vous remercions de le detruire immediatement et d'en avertir l'expediteur. 
Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisee de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. 
Tout message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son integrite ne peut etre assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou omissions 
contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un engagement du 
Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous reserve de tout accord par ecrit entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de 
Rothschild. Conformement a la Loi Informatique et Libertes, n 78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, 
modifiee par la loin 2004-801 du 6 aout 2004, toute personne a le droit d'interroger le 
Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les traitements automatises dont it dispose 
contiennent des informations nominatives la concemant, les faire rectifier ou les faire 
supprimer. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989064

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989065.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 08:09:17 +0000 
wed Mat 10 am . get a free time for= 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989065

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989066.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989066.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 08:20:43 +0000 
remind me to call 
wed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989066

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989067.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: out of email contact Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 08:26:52 +0000 
Sony , but I will be out of contact until 8pm eastern. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989067

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989068.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989068.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: out of email contact Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 10:59:55 +0000 
Sony , but I will be out of contact until Apm eastern. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989068

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989069.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Mitchell
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 11:01:02 +0000 
> 
Tomorw 
On Tuesday, May 6, 2014, David Mitchell
How are you 
When are you back went to look at a great deal yesterday for us 
David Mitchell 
MITCHELL HOLDINGS LLC 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00989069

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989070.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Nicole Junkermann < 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 11:17:16 +0000 
Welcome to the real world :) 
Was great to see you 
Kiss&safe flight 
Sent linen my Samsung Galaxy smanybune. 
Original message ------
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:06/05/2014 13:10 (GMT+01:00) 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: Re: 
They took my shaving cream 
On Tuesday, May 6, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I am at 2e tried twice , 
On Tue, May 6, 2014 at 10:27 AM, Nicole Junkermann < 
> wrote: 
Tried to call u cell but does not go through can u give me a call waiting for my luggage could also meet you 
in le bourget if iy is convenient for you 
Sent from my Sannamg Galaxy smattphone. 
---- Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:06/05/2014 10:11 (GMT+01:00) 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: 
call my cell , and if you are runing late , I will meet you at CDG 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00989070
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989071

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989072.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Re: FW: Neshaa 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 11:24:16 +0000 
Tomorw 
On Tuesday, May 6, 2014, Richard Kahn < 
> wrote: 
On 5/6/14 6:34 AM, ' 
> wrote: 
>Dear Rich, 
>I wanted to share with you something that happened to me yesterday. As 
>you know that over the past few weeks I have been working at a design 
>firm in midtown. I have done such a fantastic job for the President and 
>have worked with his accountant to close his 2013 books and cleaned up 
>the huge mess his prior accounting manager left him with for 2014. 
>The day that I met you for the interview at the Black Family Office, I 
>was very dressed up and got to work around 11:30am that the President 
>asked me are you interviewing for other jobs. His Accountant was very 
>impressed by my skills and the great job that I had done in such a short 
>period. That yesterday morning the President made me a very attractive 
>job offer to be hired as a full time employee, base salary will be 
>$100,000 plus a guaranteed bonus at year end. 100% fully paid medical 
>benefits start date May 1st. 
>While all of this is great news, I am very torn about the job offer I 
>received from the Black Family Office. I feel torn because Mr. Epstein 
>was so wonderfully kind to help me when there was no hope for me. He 
>showed me tremendous kindness and went out of his way to make sure he got 
>me a job. You Rich, was also very kind to me. Mr. Epstein never forgot me 
>from all those years ago and I feel that I must be loyal to him. The job 
>offer at the Black Family office will pay me $65,000 and not as an 
>employee with no medical benefits. I really need the money and especially 
>the medical benefits as I have not had a physical or seen a doctor in 
>years because I could not afford it. 
>Rich, I need your thoughts and guidance here. I know that I'm in good 
>hands with Mr. Epstein and you. But again torn because I really need the 
>job stability, money and medical. Please thank Mr. Epstein for me and let 
>him know how highly I think of him and I'm very grateful to him for 
>everything he has done for me. 
>Thank you very much. 
>With much gratitude, 
>Neshaa 
EFTA00989072
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989073

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989074.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <a 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: L n fontanilla 
Jo'o Fontanilla 
merwin dela cruz 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 12:03:30 +0000 
will come see you tomorrow at 4:30. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00989074

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989075.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989075.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 19:49:33 +0000 
les , get 
a ticket from new york to palm beach, sat afternoon , and a reservation . for the hilton in west 
palm. . for sat night. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989075

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989076.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: drsra 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Call me 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 13:02:35 +0000 
O) 
C) 
From: jeffrey 
gmail.com> 
To: drsra 
Sent: Monday, May 5, 2014 5:41 PM 
Subject: Re: Call me 
numbcr? 
On Mon, May 5, 2014 at 11:37 PM, drsra < 
> wrote: 
Call me when you get a chance. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989076

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989077.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Cashkim Bussue 
, Richard Kahn <I 
ann 
rodriquez  
Subject: Re: Cottage 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 19:52:28 +0000 
good work . 
wish we would have ordered insulation when we initally ordered and focused on sheetrock 
On Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 2:25 PM, Cashkim Bussue  
I> wrote: 
IMG_0600.JPG 
IMG_0601.JPG 
IMG_0602.JPG 
IMG_0603.JPG 
IMG_0604.JPG 
IMG_0605.JPG 
IMG_0606.JPG 
IMG_0607.JPG 
IMG_0608.JPG 
IMG_0609.JPG 
IMG_0610.JPG 
IMG_0611.JPG 
IMG_0612.JPG 
IMG_0613.JPG 
IMG_0614.JPG 
EFTA00989077
--- PAGE 2 ---
IMG_0615.JPG 
IMG_0616.JPG 
IMG_0617.JPG 
Le..; IMG_0618.JPG 
; t2 IMG_0619.JPG 
IMG_0621.JPG 
; t2 IMG_0623.JPG 
IMG_0624.JPG 
IMG_0625.JPG 
IMG_0626.JPG 
IMG_0627.JPG 
IMG_0628.JPG 
; t2 IMG_0629.JPG 
IMG_0630.JPG 
; t2 IMG_0631.JPG 
IMG_0632.JPG 
; t2 IMG_0633.JPG 
IMG_0634.JPG 
; t2 IMG_0635.JPG 
IMG 0636.JPG 
EFTA00989078
--- PAGE 3 ---
IMG_0637.JPG 
;:".; IMG_0638.JPG 
IMG_0639.JPG 
L IMG_0640.JPG 
IMG 0641.JPG 
IMG_0642.JPG 
IMG 0643.JPG 
IMG_0644.JPG 
IMG 0645.JPG 
IMG_0646.JPG 
IMG 0647.JPG 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989079

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989080.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989080.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Nowak, Martin" <=I
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 13:09:42 +0000 
i got a new nature paper accepted 
cooperation with the future... 
I'm happy like a child 
EFTA00989080

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989081.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989081.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: out of email contact Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 13:09:45 +0000 
Sony , but I will be out of contact until 8pm eastern. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989081

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989082.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: out of email contact Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 14:45:33 +0000 
Sony , but I will be out of contact until 8pm eastern. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989082

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989083.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989083.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Olga Donskova 
To:' 
CC: Tancredi Marchiolo  
"jeevacation@gmail.com" 
leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: PA candidate recommendation 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 15:26:27 +0000 
Attachments: Marina Domanskaja_CV.pdf 
Dear 
By way of Introduction I am responsible for Investor Relations at Bremner Capital where I work with Tancredi Marchiolo. 
Tancredi has mentioned that Mr. Epstein is looking for a PA with a financial background. I have a friend who is currently 
working in Litasco in Geneva and might be interested in this opportunity. 
Please find attached her CV with contact details in case she is a suitable candidate. Please let me know if you have any 
questions. 
Best Regards, 
Olga Donskova 
Investor Relations 
Bremner Capital LLP 
Stratton Street Wll 8L 
London 
Direct: 
Fax: 
www.bremnercapital.com 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, 
and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Bremner Capital Management. Please note that this email is not 
and is not intended to be construed as an offer or an invitation to treat. All details commercial, legal, or otherwise are strictly subject 
to negotiation. Bremner Capital Management and its affiliates do not assume any liability for the content of this email, or make any 
representation or warranties, as to the accuracy or completeness of any information. Unauthorised use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, including all attachments. Bremner Capital Management reserves the right to retain all messages. Messages are 
protected and accessed only in legally justified cases. copyright - all rights reserved 
Bremner Capital LLP is authorised and regulated by the FCA. www.bremnercapital.com 
EFTA00989083

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989084.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: out of email contact Re: Retro Patterns #Trending: Make me a match and save up to 60% off. 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 15:41:17 +0000 
Sony , but I will be out of contact until 8pm eastern. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989084

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989085.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: out of email contact Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 19:21:13 +0000 
Sorry , but I will be out of contact until 8pm eastern. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989085

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989086.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989086.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cashkim Bussue <
III
> 
To: RichazdIC
r, 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>, 
Subject: Master Drive Cont'd 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 19:58:10 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 0557.JPG; IMG_0558.JPG 
Please see attached photos. 
EFTA00989086

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989087.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989087.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: out of email contact Re: Fwd: PA candidate recommendation 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 19:42:21 +0000 
Sony , but I will be out of contact until 8pm eastern. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989087

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989088.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989088.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 19:44:47 +0000 
June 1 
On Tuesday, May 6, 2014, 
wrote: 
Hi J, how have you been?will you be in PB anytime soon?:-) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989088

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989089.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989089.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito <, 
Subject: Re: Vincenzo 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 19:45:22 +0000 
Of vourse 
On Tuesday, May 6, 2014, Joi Ito <Ma 
wrote: 
Joshua's involved. He should join if he can. 
- Joi 
On May 6, 2014, at 11:51 , Vincenzo Iozzo < 
wrote: 
> Jeffrey, 
> very nice to meet you. I'm going to be in NYC next week (May 11th to May 19th). Are you available any of 
those days by any chance? 
> Thanks, 
> Vincenzo 
> On 06/mag/2014, at 17:43, Joi Ito <Ma 
wrote: 
>> Jeffrey, 
>> Vincenzo is one of the best network security guys I know. I'm working with him on a network security 
company idea. He's in NYC often. If you have time, you should connect. I think you'll enjoy meeting each 
other and I also think this business idea that we're working on might be interesting for you as well. 
» - Joi 
Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989089
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989090

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989091.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989091.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal <1 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 19:53:10 +0000 
Anything tonite or Tomorw? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989091

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989092.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: out of email contact Re: JB Book Party tomorow night 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 19:59:18 +0000 
Sony , but I will be out of contact until 8pm eastern. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989092

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989093.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989093.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Hi! 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 20:38:39 +0000 
Yes for asst 
On Tuesday, May 6, 2014, 
> wrote: 
Hi! 
This is the recruiter's info. I will let her know she can expect to hear from you! 
Iona Reardon 
www.talentpa.com
Sent from my iPhone 
On 6 May 2014, at 21:35, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Yes I need help 
On Tuesday, May 6, 2014, 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey! 
I hope this finds you well! :-) 
I'm again job hunting. My last job didn't work out because my boss was absolutely vile. So I would be very 
grateful if you would be able to help me out with any London contacts? 
Do let me know if you're still looking for a travelling PA? A recruiter I know told me she has a candidate in 
NY who can travel. She used to work for Anna Wintorp for 10 years. 
I love London and just wish I could get settled with a job already! 
My CV is attached. 
Love always and forever, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00989093
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989094

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989095.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989095.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Thomas Turrin
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
CC: Richard Joslin < 
Subject: RE: AVIONETA HOLDINGS 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 20:50:18 +0000 
Attachments: Structure_Chart_-_AVIONETA.DOCX; 
PROMISSORY_NOTEJN_PRINCIPAL_AMOUNT_OF_$26,1000,000.pdf 
Inline-Images: rem-newlogo_sm29.png; primeglobal_color blktext_tagline4823jpg; 
2013_ipatop100(2)18bejpg 
Jeffrey, 
Attached is the structure chart provided to me by John Hannan. Also attached is the 
promissory note in which Avioneta Holdings, LLC is the borrower on the note payable due to Banc of America 
Leasing and Capital, LLC ($26.1m). 
I verified the fact that Avioneta Holdings, LLC pays the monthly payment to 
Banc of America Leasing. The source of funds for Avioneta are from Apollo (for payment of business use) and 
from Leon (for his personal use). The payments are made from the Wells Fargo account of Avioneta. 
Avioneta Holdings, LLC would be the reporting entity for tax purposes, which is owned by Leon and Debra. 
We will provide Rich J. with what is needed to roll forward the books and records for 2013. 
See you Thursday. 
Tom 
THOMAS TURRIN, CPA 
Partner 
Raich Ende Malter & Co. LLP 
1375 Broadway 
New York, New York 10018 
=
Direct line) 
Fax) 
Cell) 
Email: 
Website: www.rem-co.com 
From: Jeffrey E. [mallboleevacatIon@gmaIl.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, May 06, 2014 2:39 AM 
To: Thomas Turrin; Richard Joslin 
Subject: 
EFTA00989095
--- PAGE 2 ---
torn , your statement that depreciation only begins when 135 approved does not appear accurate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT: The information contained in this electronic communication, including any and all attachments and enclosures. may be 
privileged and is strictly confidential. intended solely for the use of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication. If you are not the person(s) 
identified above to receive this communication, you are hereby notified that you may not disclose print, copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information 
contained herein. If you are an employee or agent of the person(s) identified above to receive this communication and. as such, you have been authorized to deliver 
this communication to such person(s), you may disclose, print. copy, disseminate, or otherwise use the information contained in this communication solely for the 
purpose of such delivery. Unauthorized interception andror use of this communication arefis strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law. If you have received 
this communication in error. please reply and notify the sender (only) of that fact and delete the communication. including any and all attachments and enclosures. 
from your computer or other electronic device on which you may have received this communication. 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE: To insure compliance with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any tax advice contained in 
this communication (including any and all attachments), unless expressly stated otherwise, was not intended or written to be used and cannot be used for the 
purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any 
transaction(s) or tax-related matter(s) addressed herein. This communication may not be forwarded (other than to the addressee(s) identified above) without our 
express written consent. 
EFTA00989096

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989097.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989097.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: out of email contact Re: Fw: Activity in Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Doe v. United States of 
America Notice (Other) 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 21:09:30 +0000 
Sony , but I will be out of contact until 8pm eastern. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989097

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989098.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989098.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 21:55:27 +0000 
you ok? have not been able to skype you 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989098

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989099.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989099.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito <, 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 21:55:51 +0000 
im in ny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989099

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989100.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Melanie Spinella
Subject: Fwd: Confidentiality Agreements 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 21:56:51 +0000 
slowly i turned step by step inch by inch 
Forwarded message  
From: Ada Clapp <11 
Date: Tue, May 6, 2014 at 9:21 AM 
Subject: RE: Confidentiality Agreements 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Eileen Alexanderson  
Hi Jeffrey, 
Where shall I call you if you want to discuss? I tired your number and got voicemail. 
I think it is important to have everyone involved in the family's planning sign confidentiality agreements. The earlier in 
the process the better as an agreement signed now would not necessarily protect against prior disclosures (unless the 
individual signing is willing to make a representation that they have not disclosed confidential information prior to the 
date of the document—or to have the document be effective as of an earlier date). However, an agreement signed now 
would protect against future disclosure of all information obtained by the signer —including information obtained prior to 
the date of the agreement. 
Recall that I had five-year's worth of confidential information about Leon and his family at US Trust and still signed a 
confidentiality agreement when I started with the family office. I don't think the analysis is different for Darren, Rich and 
Larry. In fact, Darren appears to be working with information that is so confidential you are considering whether it can be 
shared with me (I am referring to the "gift trust" which Darren was drafting on his computer at our last meeting). He is 
clearly acquiring new confidential information daily and this needs to be protected. 
I can revise the confidentiality agreements Paul Weiss prepared last July to update them and date them as of today if you 
prefer but it is my recommendation that everyone receiving any information about Leon and his family sign one. 
Happy to discuss. 
Ada Clapp 
Elysium Management LLC 
EFTA00989100
--- PAGE 2 ---
445 Park Avenue 
Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
Direct Dial: 646-589-0303 
Fax: 646-589-0330 
Email: 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: Pursuant to IRS regulations, I inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication 
(including attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by any person or entity for the 
purposes of (i) avoiding tax related penalties imposed by any governmental tax authority, or (ii) proposing, marketing or 
recommending to another party any transaction or matter discussed herein. I advise you to consult with an independent 
tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
This communication and any attachment is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain information that is 
privileged, confidential and/or proprietary. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that further 
dissemination of this communication and its attachments is prohibited. Please delete all copies of this communication 
and its attachments and notify me immediately that you have received them in error. Thank you. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacationPgmail.comi
Sent: Tuesday, May 06, 2014 2:40 AM 
To: Ada Clapp 
Subject: 
speak to me re confidentialyt agreements at this late stage. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989101
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989102

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989103.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989103.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 22:58:57 +0000 
im in ny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989103

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989104.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jonathan Farkas
Subject: Re: (no subject) 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 10:02:25 +0000 
number? 
On Wed, May 7, 2014 at 5:42 AM, c 
wrote: 
Jeffrey call me when you wake up Jonathan 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989104

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989105.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989105.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <a 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: L n fontanilla 
Jtio Fontanilla 
Subject: Schedule 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 11:37:31 +0000 
merwin dela cruz 
10:0 
4:30 
5:30 Leon Black (Melanie emailed me late yesterday saying Leon is coming at 5:30 today) 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00989105

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989106.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989106.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cashkim Bussue 
To: Jeffrey Epstein a>, 
Subject: Main Compound Kitchen 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 20:12:00 +0000 
Richard Kahn 
Lit IMG 0525.JPG 
• 
IMG_0526.JPG 
• 
IMG 0527.JPG 
• 
IMG_0528.JPG 
• 
IMG 0529.JPG 
• 
IMG_0530.JPG 
• 
IMG 0531.JPG 
• 
IMG_0532.JPG 
• 
IMG 0533.JPG 
• 
IMG_0534.JPG 
• 
IMG 0535.JPG 
• 
IMG_0536.JPG 
EFTA00989106

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989107.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989107.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: lawrence delson  
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 12:05:23 +0000 
can you call me 
On Wed, May 7, 2014 at 8:03 AM, lawrence delson  
 wrote: 
Sure. Let's take five minutes tomorrow after the fire drill if that works for you. Also, I 
have a couple of comments on the dynamics there as well as the bronzes 
Larry Delson 
Delson International, Inc. 
M. BOX 3776 
New York NY 10163 
(T) 
(F) 
From: Jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: lawrence delson  
Sent: Wednesday, May 7, 2014 7:51 AM 
Subject: Re: 
lets talk , as my rep I think you should have. my fault for not being explicit , - got all screwed up. you are 
the ceo. period. 
On Wed, May 7, 2014 at 7:45 AM, lawrence delson  
 wrote: 
I did not meet her however I discussed it with both Eileen and with Rich Joslin. I 
believe the decision to hire her on a trial basis was collective 
Larry Delson 
Delson International, Inc. 
M. BOX 3776 
New York, NY 10163 
(T) 
(F) 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: lawrence delson < 
Sent: Wednesday, May 7, 2014 6:23 AM 
Subject: 
I.>; Richard Kahn sca 
were you involoved in the hiring process for neesha , if not why not.? 
please note 
EFTA00989107
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989108

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989109.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989109.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 12:47:29 +0000 
Im in ny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989109

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989110.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Lang, Caroline" 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: still in Paris? 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 12:51:46 +0000 
No, I tried the number and got the message as well. 1 will try again and look otherwise for 
another number. 
I have a good relationship with him as well. I can also see if he is going to the US soon but I am 
not sure he travels still to the States! 
Caroline Lan 
Tel 
From: Jeffrey E. [mallto:Jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: mercredi 7 mai 2014 14:47 
To: Lang, Caroline 
Subject: Re: still in Paris? 
I will be in the caribb back in paris july, did you ever hear from DSK.? 
On Tue, May 6, 2014 at 5:15 PM, Lang, Caroline <1 
> wrote: 
Sony we missed each other 
I am sure you have no plans to travel to LA, but FYI I will be in LA between the 15 and the 24 Th. of May 
Le 6 mai 2014 à 21:39, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> a écrit : 
New York 
On Tuesday, May 6, 2014, Lang, Caroline
Caroline Lang 
Senior Vice-President 8, Managing Director 
WBITV 
Warner Bros. Entertainment France S.A.S. 
115/123 avenue Charles de Gaulle 
925 
Cedex 
Tel 
Fax 
http://bweiv.warnerbros.fr 
wrote: 
Cet email et toutes les pièces jointes sont exclusivement réservés au(x) destinataire(s) et peuvent contenir des informations confidentielles 
et/ou couvertes par le secret professionnel. Sauf si cet email vous est personnellement adressé, vous ne pouvez communiquer, copier ou 
utiliser cet email et son contenu. Si vous avez reçu cet email par erreur. veuillez avertir son expéditeur immédiatement et supprimer toutes 
copies de votre systme informatique. La Société décline toute responsabilité concernant les dommages qui pourraient être causé par des 
virus et peut surveiller. conformément la loi applicable, les communications électroniques dans le cadre professionnel. La Société désigne 
Warner Bros. Entertainment France SAS, Siège Social: 1151123 avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92525 Neuilly sur Seine Cedex, au capital de 
19.584.690,50, RCS Nanterre, B 320 623846. 
This c-mail and any attachments arc confidentiel and exclusive to the intended recipient(s) and may contain information that is confidential and/or privileged. Unless 
you are the intended recipient, you may not disclose, copy or make any use of this c-mail and its content. If you have received this e-mail in «rot, please notify the 
sender immediately and delete any copies from your systems. The Company disclaims any responsibility for damages that may be caused by viruses and may monitor, 
in accordance with applicable law. e-mail communications for authorized business-related purposes. The Company means Warner Bros. Entertainment France 
SAS Reg. Office: 115/123 avenue Charles de Gaulle. 92525 Neuilly sur Seine Cedex. share capital: 619, 584, 690.50, RCS Nanterre, B 
320 623 846 
EFTA00989110
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989111

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989112.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: arda beskardes 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 12:57:07 +0000 
karyna still no news?] 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989112

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989113.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Jean Luc Brunel
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: hi 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 13:09:58 +0000 
If you want around 11 am thus far noon am catching s flight 
Sox from Foiamos Mobile 
Original message 
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:07/05/2014 03:13 (GMT-05:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: Re: hi 
I'm in ny lets meet 
On Wednesday, May 7, 2014, Jean Luc Brunel < 
Thanks for Darren's help. I saw him today. 
I will be in Miami Thursday night. 
Also, I wanted to speak with you about Paris when you are back in US. 
Please wait until you see each other that I tell you what I think about it 
Be well 
jl 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00989113

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989114.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989114.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Thomas Turrin < 
>, Richard Joslin
Subject: Fwd: FW: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 13:14:04 +0000 
Attachments: img-507084247-0001.pdf 
torn. where on this invoice do you see this as a capital contribution to avionetta as you told me yesterday . 
Forwarded messa  e
From: Melanie Spinella 
Date: Wed, May 7, 2014 at 8:58 AM 
Subject: FW: Scan from a Xerox Color 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Good morning Jeffrey - this is what I get every month from John Hannan's office regarding the plane loan. As 
for usage, that comes at varying times. Thanks, Melanie 
Original Message 
From: Color 560 [mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, May 07, 2014 8:43 AM 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 3 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: Color 560 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
EFTA00989114
--- PAGE 2 ---
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989115

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989116.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989116.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Mitchell
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 13:48:41 +0000 
Just dropped off mini book with 
David Mitchell 
MITCHELL HOLDINGS LLC 
EFTA00989116

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989117.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989117.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez < 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 14:00:19 +0000 
reach out to lary paige guy, it , trying their boat new zealand boat 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989117

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989118.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989118.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin
To: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 14:11:47 +0000 
I am in Boston 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 7, 2014, at 7:54 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
im back in ny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989118

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989119.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989119.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 14:19:36 +0000 
> 
Jeffrey thank you!! 
It's always a pleasure to spend time with you!! 
On 6 May 2014, at 23:57, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i loved seeing you, you look great congragulations 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989119

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989120.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Faith Kates 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 14:36:45 +0000 
Please call Faith Kates...she says she will be in the office most of the day. 
EFTA00989120

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989121.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989121.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E."
To: 
, 
>, Lesley Groff 
Subject: Fwd: Items needed 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 14:54:13 +0000 
get the tennis stuff, 
all other things.. ask rich kahn re electrics 
Forwarded message 
From: Ann Rodriquez <I 
Date: Wed, May 7, 2014 at 10:21 AM 
Subject: Re: Items needed 
To: "jeffrey E." <jear@gmail.com> 
Thank you :) 
Requested items... 
Anna: 
Tennis Racquets 
Tennis Balls 
soft Oral B toothbrushes 
Mentadent toothpaste 
Really Big candles -Lanters around the Berm 
Robe spray -Your choice 
Carlos: 
Snorkel mask 
Dive gear if possible 
Bosco: Nothing :-/ 
Danny V.: 
Fan remote controllers - Home Depot 
Danny E.: 
Engineering/Mechanic Jumpsuit -None on STT 
Chris: Nothing :-/ 
Jermaine: 
HDMI transponder -Sending video wireless to TV 
HDMI Cables 34ft -For Chillax room 
Extra Cromecast -No spares 
Thx again, 
Ann R. 
On May 7, 2014, at 8:47 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
EFTA00989121
--- PAGE 2 ---
anythingk needed from new york 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989122

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989123.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Melanie Spinella
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 14:58:06 +0000 
list of things to sell? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989123

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989124.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eileen Alexanderson 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 14:59:05 +0000 
can we can an adminstarvie assitatnt that answers the phone so that people do not have to leave voice messages 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989124

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989125.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ann Rodriquez
Subject: Re: Dive Gear 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 15:18:07 +0000 
what does that mean? tanks watches? 
On Wed, May 7, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Ann Rodriquez < 
> wrote: 
Hey Bossman, 
Carlos said that we should purchase our own dive gear for the island just incase you want him to take the 
ladies diving. 
Ann R. 
On May 7, 2014, at 10:57 AM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gntn> wrote: 
what does dive gear mean? 
On Wed, May 7, 2014 at 10:21 AM, Ann Rodriquez < 
Thank you :) 
Requested items... 
Anna: 
Tennis Racquets 
Tennis Balls 
soft Oral B toothbrushes 
Mentadent toothpaste 
Really Big candles -Lanters around the Berm 
Robe spray -Your choice 
Carlos: 
Snorkel mask 
Dive gear if possible 
Bosco: Nothing :-/ 
Danny V.: 
Fan remote controllers - Home Depot 
Danny E.: 
Engineering/Mechanic Jumpsuit -None on STT 
Chris: Nothing :-/ 
Jermaine: 
HDMI transponder -Sending video wireless to TV 
HDMI Cables 3-4ft -For Chillax room 
> wrote: 
EFTA00989125
--- PAGE 2 ---
Extra Cromecast -No spares 
Thx again, 
Ann R. 
On May 7, 2014, at 8:47 AM, "jeffrey E." leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
anythingk needed from new york 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00989126
--- PAGE 3 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989127

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989128.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989128.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Items for SIT 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 16:17:14 +0000 
ok 
On Wed, May 7, 2014 at 12:07 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Jojo prefers to go today so he can be here tomorrow to help/be around for your meetings tomorrow and help. 
On May 7, 2014, at 10:52 AM, jeffrey E. wrote: 
ok or tomorrow earlier in day, as i won[t need him 
On Wed, May 7, 2014 at 10:33 AM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Jojo says their are many items to take down to Sit one item being a very large rug...Larry says Jojo can 
bring these items to Meridian Teterboro today to help expedite. Would you like Jojo to load up and take 
the items after your haircut at 2pm? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00989128
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989129

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989130.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989130.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Henry Rosovsky 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 16:17:57 +0000 
put on calendar 
On Wed, May 7, 2014 at 11:31 AM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Henry Rosovsky would like you to give your old friend a call...but tomorrow as today is not a good day for 
him...but he hopes you will give him a quick ring to discuss something tomorrow...anytime is good... 
h 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989130

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989131.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989131.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationtizmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Neshaa 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 16:30:22 +0000 
please advise 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fa 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Neshaa < 
Subject: Neshaa 
Date: May 7, 2014 12:16:17 PM EDT 
To: Richard Kahn 
Dear Rich, 
As you are aware, I have 2 job offers. Putting money aside, I am very concerned about working with Rich 
Joslin. I'm very uncomfortable for the following reasons: 
Upon meeting with Rich Joslin for my first initial interview at the Black Family Office, within 2 minutes of us 
crossing paths he asked me how did I get in touch with Mr. Epsetein after all these years and before I could 
respond he trashed Mr. Epstein and said "all you have to do is look on page 6 of the Post" his comment about 
Mr. Epstein immediately made me highly uncomfortable. I immediately said to Rich Joslin "Mr. Epstein is a 
very good kind man and I like Mr. Epstein very much. That because of Mr. Epstein's kindness I am here to 
interview for this job today. He became very uncomfortable when I responded in this manner. Then he made 
me feel very badly as if something was wrong with me and it was my fault that I lost my prior jobs due to lay 
offs because of the depressed economy. When it was no fault of my own as he clearly saw when he checked 
my references and my past employers only had great things to say about me and that my work was 
outstanding. 
Next, Rich Joslin called me on my cell phone on Friday May 2nd to tell me that they were interested in offering 
me the job and that the salary would be $65,000. When I met with him and Eileen yesterday evening at the 
Black Family Office he said to me in front of Eileen that the job offer was $62,500. He pulled bait and switch 
on me. This disturbed me further about him and made me think that he has no integrity. I immediately said in 
front of Eileen that Rich told me on the phone on Friday that the offer was for $65,000. Eileen looked annoyed 
at Rich Joslin and said $65,000 it is. 
EFTA00989131
--- PAGE 2 ---
Finally, I want to conclude by saying that he asked me some inappropriate prying questions about my personal 
life. And about how I was surviving financially. 
I really liked Eileen and Rich D'agastino - they were very kind and treated me respectfully. Having shared all of 
this with you, I have decided not to take the job offer at the Black Family office because I feel that I would not 
be happy working with Rich Joslin and mainly because of the comment he made about Mr. Epstein only after 
meeting me for 2 minutes. 
I am very grateful to Mr. Epstein and you for all the help and your kindness. Please thank Mr. Epstein for me 
and let him know that I think he is the Best. 
With much gratitude 
Neshaa 
EFTA00989132

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989133.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989133.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Re: wire 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 16:41:59 +0000 
get froth 
On Wed, May 7, 2014 at 12:32 PM, Richard Kahn < 
please confirm that sai = Daniel Said for 2000 Euro wire 
thank you 
2500 wire to wandi is in process 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On May 7, 2014, at 12:15 PM, 
wrote: 
wrote: 
Probably Daniel said? Not sure 
On Wednesday, May 7, 2014, Richard Kahn 
> wrote: 
jeffrey mentioned sending a wire to "Sai" and that we have already sent money to this person 
is it 
or someone else? 
please advise 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
EFTA00989133
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989134

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989135.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989135.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 18:05:02 +0000 
I cannot go , busy busy lets talk over the weekend 
On Wednesday, May 7, 2014, A. de Rothschild 
wrote: 
I fay agree and wonder
 we still continue being in business ! How did it go with Pierre Yves ? 
Olivier told me that 
would come to St petersbourg . Aren t you coming too ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 7 mai 2014, at 13:15, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
spent an hour last night designing my chichilla lined slippers. so much better than business 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989135

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989136.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989136.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin <1 
Subject: Fwd: FW: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 20:31:02 +0000 
Attachments: img-507084247-0001.pdf 
Forwarded mess: re 
From: Melanie Spinella  
Date: Wed, May 7, 2014 at 8:58 AM 
Subject: FW: Scan from a Xerox Color 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Good morning Jeffrey - this is what I get every month from John Hannan's office regarding the plane loan. As 
for usage, that comes at varying times. Thanks, Melanie 
Original Message 
From: Color 560 [mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, May 07, 2014 8:43 AM 
To: Melanie Spinella 
Subject: Scan from a Xerox Color 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Color. 
Number of Images: 3 
Attachment File Type: PDF 
Device Name: Color 560 
Device Location: 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
EFTA00989136
--- PAGE 2 ---
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989137

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989138.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 21:28:21 +0000 
put in the calendar , to contact=laround jun 25 . to ascertain her funding circumstance 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989138

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989139.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989139.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lvjet C
To: jeevaeation@gmail.com 
Cc: 
Subject: GIV update 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 22:51:54 +0000 
Jeffrey, 
Flight time: TEB - STT is 3+13min (+34kt tailwind). 
Test flight on GIV today went well, 
-I was pleased with Door seal, inflates fully and db lever is much lower in fwd cockpit area with sound proof material on cabin 
door. 
-charging dock for stereo remote looks amazing,. / Down wash lights above credenza have been replaced,./ dish, salt and 
pepper and several drawers in galley have dividers installed. 
-it was tough to find smooth air during todays flight, I brought Julian, Mx shop manager, most of flight felt smooth, brief 
moments our light buffet was present, so I was able to demonstrate to Julian our concerns,. 
only issue during flight was cockpit windshield heat regulator failed, part will arrive 9am tomorrow and should be 
completed by noon. I'm planning to reposition to Teterboro by 3pm for our departure 
let me know if there is a chance you will depart earlier than 6pm? 
thank you, 
Larry 
EFTA00989139

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989140.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eileen Alexanderson ca. 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
Subject: Plane 
Date: Wed, 07 May 2014 23:05:42 +0000 
Attachments: Information for Eileen 
_ 
_ 
Attached was compiled by John Hannan's assistant. Lisa's table shows total hours flown and business hours. Difference 
between the two is personal use. You will see business hours are broken down between domestic and international. I 
have asked her to do the same for personal use, will have it tomorrow. As you can see mix of use varies year by year-
largely a function of fundraising for Apollo funds. In 2012 Leon spent a good bit of time marketing Fund VIII. 
Breakdown of hours flown in the past 3 years is as follows: 
Business/Personal 
2011 
39/61 
2012 
64/36 
2013 
40/60 
Is there any addl info you need? 
EFTA00989140

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989141.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2018 11:29:01 +0000 
nyet 
On Sat, Jun 16, 2018 at 6:55 AM, 
friend, not really I think 
https://www.instagram.c
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
 wrote: 
EFTA00989141

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989142.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cashkim Bussue 
To: Jeffre E stein <*eevacation@gmail.com>, Richard Kahn a, 
Subject: Sun Dial 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 21:05:56 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 0510.JPG; IMG_0511.JPG; IMG_0512.JPG 
Please see attached photos. 
EFTA00989142

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989143.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "jeffre E." <*eevacation@gmail.com>, • 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 02:51:43 +0000 
I have to tell you such a funny story from when sultan was crouching down in the entry hall today. 
I could not believe my eyes! I thought he had something stuffed down the inside leg of his trousers! It was 
huge!!!! 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00989143

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989144.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Cc: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 03:09:02 +0000 
Whoa!=smiled, tilted her head and said "No way!" Are we sure it's not a wallet, I mean 100% sure!!?? 
Hematoma mid thigh? 
Sent from my iPhone 
> On May 7, 2014, at 9:58 PM, 
wrote: 
> Be careful what you think is a giant wallet in someone's trouser 
> <photo.JPG> 
> Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00989144

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989145.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Farkas, Andrew L."
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 05:43:00 +0000 
On Wed, May 7, 2014 at 1:49 PM, < 
> wrote: 
Hey Jeffrey, 
Just wanted to let you know it looks like we have a deal for our companies Series A. Looks like Reid Hoffman 
& Greylock are going to lead. 
Really have enjoyed our talks and would be happy to try & carve a small piece of the angel allocation out for you 
if you'd like. We only have a small amount of room for angels ($1.5 mill) but if you wanted to throw $50k in for 
a small taste to ride along on the adventure you'd be welcome :) 
Please feel free to pass this offer on to Andrew as well / he's good people :) 
Best, 
Austin 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989145

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989146.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989146.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Catherine Alt
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 05:55:54 +0000 
The idea that you would see three women in their thirties and walk out of my house is outrageious. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989146

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989147.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: David Stern
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 09:34:37 +0000 
new york 
now 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 4:31 AM, David Stem < 
> wrote: 
When can I call you ? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989147

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989148.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 09:34:46 +0000 
now 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 3:32 AM,
 wrote: 
yes, now waiting for my turn for 
they set the embassy date on 20th of June. 
thavisa 
is done, all the papers too. 
when can we skype? I missed you. 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 10:55 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
is everything set? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
avec soin, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00989148
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989149

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989150.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989150.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 09:35:08 +0000 
see you sunday. YAYYYYY 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989150

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989151.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 10:39:48 +0000 
please make sure that we get the stuff today that jermaine requested. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989151

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989152.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989152.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Clare Iveagh
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 10:39:22 +0000 
Attachments: ATT00001..htm; ATT00002..htm; ATT00003..htm; ATT00004..htm; ATT00005..htm; 
ATT00006..htm; Bardi15.pdf; ATT00007..htm; image011.png; image012.png; 
image013.png; image014.png; image015.png; 114050811362622101.gif 
Lol here's one you don't have to share... She has some in Venice too if you ever think about getting one!:))) 
Have fun 
C 
Clare Iveagh 
The Countess of Iveagh 
www.elveden.com 
iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Victoria Greenwood" 
To: "Clare Iveagh" 
Victoria 
[cid:image011.png®01CF6ABLBCB9E9D0] 
Victoria Greenwood 
Senior Negotiator 
Knight Frank 
Baker Street 
London 
W1U 8AN 
United Kingdom 
T 
M 
S 
PA 
Fiona Essilfie-Quaye 
mailto: 
Save a tree — we only print emails we need to. 
[cid:image013.png®01CF6ABI.BCB9E9D0]< 
EFTA00989152
--- PAGE 2 ---
[cid:image014.png®01CF6AB I .BCB9E9D0]< 
[cid:image015.png®01CF6AB I .BCB9E9D0]< 
[cid 
Confidentiality and Privacy: If you have received this email in error, please notify the 
sender. The e-mail and any attached files are intended only for the use of the person or 
organisation to whom they are addressed. It is prohibited and may be unlawful to use copy or 
disclose these documents unless authorised to do so. We may need to monitor emails we 
send and receive. 
Marketing advice: Except where specifically stated to the contrary, any information about 
price or value contained in this email is provided purely as guidance prior to a possible 
transaction. It does not constitute a formal valuation and may not be relied upon for any 
purpose whatsoever other than as marketing advice. 
Contract: This e-mail does not constitute any part of an offer or contract. 
This e-mail is sent on behalf of Knight Frank LLP, a limited liability partnership registered 
in England (registered number OC305934). Our registered office is at 55 Baker Street, 
London W1U 8AN where you may look at a list of members' names. 
If we use the term 'Partner' when referring to one of our representatives that person will 
either be a Member or an employee. 
Each entity or practice in the Knight Frank global network is a distinct and separate legal 
entity. No entity or practice operating under the name Knight Frank is liable for the acts or 
omissions of any other entity or practice. Neither does it act as agent for nor have any 
authority (whether actual, apparent, implied or otherwise) to represent, bind or obligate in 
any way any other entity or practice that operates under the name Knight Frank. 
Knight Frank LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. 
This email has been scanned by the Symantec Email Security.cloud service. 
For more information please visit 
This email has been scanned by the Symantec Email Security.cloud service. 
For more information please visit 
EFTA00989153

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989154.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeeyacation@gmail.eom> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 10:40:47 +0000 
moven 
930 and 
to 1030. today thanks. sultan will stop by around 1 30 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989154

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989155.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Jabor Y."
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 10:49:35 +0000 
i will be in ny start may 31 , great news 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 6:46 AM, Jabor Y. < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, Just to let you know I'll be in Washington the whole of June. 
On Thursday, May 1, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
next wed? 
On Thu, May I, 2014 at 12:54 PM, Jabor Y. < 
> wrote: 
I am in Doha. How long are you in Paris? 
On Wednesday, April 30, 2014, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I am in paris . you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989155
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989156

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989157.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Thorbjon Jagland
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 12:30:30 +0000 
can we speak today? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989157

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989158.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: Re: NYC JE 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 12:39:22 +0000 
Though I am competent , going back in time is not one of my capablilties. so I assume you meant - may 9, . 
sorry but I am in the caribenan until the 18th, when I hope to see you in ny. 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 8:35 AM, ehud barak < 
> wrote: 
Can we meet April 9th evening? EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 7, 2014, at 15:47, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Im in ny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989158

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989159.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Merkin < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 13:23:38 +0000 
having fun. im on isalnd 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 9:20 AM, Richard Merkin 
wrote: 
Just got this[?] I will know in the next two days. I may be in for a few hours next week. I will call or email by tomorrow 
either way to catch up. New with you? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Wednesday, April 30, 2014 4:42 AM 
To: Richard Merkin 
Subject: 
arc you comoing to ny? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00989159
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989160

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989161.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cashkim Bussue 
To: Jeffre E stein <*eevacation@gmail.com>, Richard Kahn 
Subject: Graddo 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 21:16:06 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 0494.JPG; IMG 0495.JPG; IMG_0496.JPG; IMG_0497.JPG 
Please see attached photos. 
EFTA00989161

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989162.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989162.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Mitchell. 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 14:13:46 +0000 
virgin islands 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 10:11 AM, David Mitchell ce 
wrote: 
What part of the country as shipping on these can add to the cost effectiveness 
Brooklyn Navy yards has a manufacture and there a bunch in New Jersey, 
David Mitchell 
MITCHELL HOLDINGS LLC 
On May 8, 2014, at 1:43 AM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
which were the great pre fab houses that you were once thinking about 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989162
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989163

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989164.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 14:14:44 +0000 
haveher call at 3 otherwise the 19th 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 10:13 AM, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
please advise...your schedule below email... 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: Ma 8, 2014 10:10:12 AM EDT 
To: 
Lesley, 
I've just got back home and saw email from one of my teachers at school. He gives us some time today from 
12:00 to come see him if we have any questions about our final project or need some help. So I should go.. 
I'm not sure how long it will take. Maybe I could come sometime in the afternoon if Jeffrey is still here? 
1:00 m Appt w/Rich Josliu, Thin Tutrin. Ride Kahn and Alan Dlugash (Rich: 
(Tom: 
(Alan: 
1:30pm Sultan to stop by 
2:00pm Meeting w/Eileen, Ada, Rich Joslin, Rich D'Agostino, Alan Halperin, Rich Kahn, Darren Indyke, 
Limy Delson 
3-3:15pm Justin Nelson to join the meeting,( 
6:00pm Depart IVY for LSJ w/Kwyna, 
and 
9:30pm Arrive LSJ 
EFTA00989164
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989165

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989166.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E."
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 15:25:31 +0000 
sorry i missed you this trip. 
I re listened and watched the performance, thnk you for sharing it with me, . I 
find myself in the diffiucult positon of wanting to be supportive of your effort , but needing to push you to do 
better. just as in your life , and i mentioned it last year. I suggest you need to take risks, be passionalte. have 
fun, show and experince emotion. do somthing crazy is my last years suggestion. the performance is rigid, 
lacks humor. passion and risk. the piece is grand , fun, muysterious, amusing, strong. the conductor was not 
much of a help as he appeared to be asleep. while moving his arms. as you want to be a performer ---
perform. 
enjoy the process. try new phrasing, try new accents. . playing the piece as if it were for an entrance 
exam with no audience , techinally was nice, but had little romance. 
it is not serious, it is fun, no one wants 
to watch a serious rendition played as it was played 100 years ago. this is supposed to entertain, enthrall, 
motivate, move. I would remove the rocking from the waist. and put the feeling in the bow. you are good 
enough to stand out from the crowd if you try, conformity will deaden the work, be brave, take risk, it is 
PLAY the music , not recite it. play is fun 
I had hoped to tell you these things face to face so you could see that my eyes are kind , and my motivation 
pure, however as time ran out, I think it importnat that you make some changes if you are to achieve your stated 
goals. otherwise you will learn , learn learn and not be closer to your dream. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989166

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989167.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ann Rodriquez
Subject: Re: Dupson 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 15:50:41 +0000 
lets talk about it, peter, jon christinason, tennis wind . floating dock, 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 11:31 AM, Ann Rodriquez < 
> wrote: 
Sent: 11:17am 
From: Dupson 
To: Anna 
Hey Anna ! good morning , how are you doing today ? I just want to let you know : If the company ( LSJ ) 
need my help and have anything special for me I don't mind to come back to work with you . Thank you ; 
Have a great day . Dupson ! 
Please advise, 
Ann R. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989167

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989168.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." tevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Andres Serrano -te 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 15:51:20 +0000 
Mae-Images: Serranoinvite Web.jNg 
im in the caribean, but 
my collage is going 
On Thu. May 8, 2014 at 1130 AM, Andres Serrano c 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Are you going to Frieze today? 
I have an installation at the \Vest 4 St subway station coming up soon. 
bupl/morgan ors 
All best, 
Andres 
EFTA00989168
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacatioa®gmailsem, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989169

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989170.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin ca>, 
Thomas Turrin ica 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 15:55:07 +0000 
http://www.advocatetax.com/6950/irs-rules-on-depreciation-for-mixed-use-charter-part-91-aircraft/ 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989170

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989171.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Eva Dubin ca 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 16:20:32 +0000 
try now 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 12:14 PM, Eva Dubin 
just calling you....are you in the shower 
wrote: 
Date: Wed, 7 May 2014 07:54:19 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
im back in ny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989171

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989172.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: ticket purchased for ahotel 
is within cancellation period 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 21:38:15 +0000 
I have purchased a ticket for 
to fly at 4:10pm on Sat. Nov. 25th to WPB arriving 7:08pm on 
United #489 from Newark...Re the hotel room, we are within the cancellation policy, once I book the room we 
spend the $229+tax... OK to hook the Hilton WPB for one night Sat. NOv. 25th? 
On Nov 22, 2017, at 2:49 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
les , get 
a ticket from new york to palm beach, sat afternoon , and a reservation . for the hilton in west 
palm. . for sat night. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989172

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989173.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Larry Visoski clia> 
Subject: Re: Wx 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 18:46:19 +0000 
call me please 
On Thu, May 8, 2014 at 2:09 PM, Larry Visoski 41.1
> wrote: 
Jeffrey 
Heavy rain and fog in St Thomas, 1/4 mile viability , thunderstorm on field, 
Mostly isolated weather moving through area., 
Strange to have fog in st Thomas 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989173

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989174.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Michael Wolff 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 05 Jul 2018 16:42:48 +0000 
Trying to work this out with SB now. He's squirrelly or disorganized as usual. But I'm on the job. 
On Thu, Jul 5, 2018 at 12:41 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@grrtn> wrote: 
Will you go to Europe 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989174

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989175.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 22:10:15 +0000 
My car wifi? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989175

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989176.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Bella Klein
Subject: Fwd: Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 21:55:48 +0000 
Attachments: 
25NOV17 
pdf; 
.1tineraryCalendanics 
Ticket for 
5196.20 
Begin forwarded message: 
..OK to send to her? 
From: "American Express Travel" <itinera 
m amextravel.com>
Subject: Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
25NOV17 
Date: November 22, 2017 at 4:51:44 PM EST 
To: 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. This message was sent from a notification only address that 
cannot accept incoming messages. If you have any questions, please contact Centurion Travel 
Service at 1-877-877-0987. 
If airline tickets are purchased for this itinerary: 
Airline Baggage Fee/Rules may apply and can be accessed by visiting: 
https://myamextravel.com/baggage
Your travel arrangements are outlined below in the email. Please refer to the PDF attachment and 
itinerary for more details regarding your travel arrangements. Your Centurion Travel Service travel 
plans have been posted to a secure website. Please click on the link to view your trip details and 
add link to your bookmarked favorites for easy access in the future: 
View your Trips 
American Express Travel 
Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
ticket UA 0167026052011-22NOV 
Saturday 25 Nov 17 
EFTA00989176
--- PAGE 2 ---
Flight Information 
Date 
Nov 2017 
Airline 
United Airlines 
Airline Record Locator 
A559SP 
FlighUClass 
UA 489 S Economy Class 
Origin 
Newark, Newark Liberty International 
Destination 
West Palm Beach, Palm Beach International 
Departing 
04:10 PM 
Arriving 
07:08 PM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal C 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 58 Mins 
Stops 
Non-stop 
Seats 
27D 
Confirmed 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review www.Visacentral.com/amex for 
the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel destination. Due to frequent 
changes, American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and 
expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on that site. 
You may receive customer service emails even if you have requested not to receive email marketing 
offers from American Express. For details about our e-mail practices, please review the American 
Express Privacy Statement at www.americanexpress.com/privacy
See attached itinerary PDF or link for full terms and conditions. 
PDF itinerary attachment: 
If you are unable to view the PDF attachment, ensure you have Adobe Acrobat Reader. Refer to 
website below to download and install this free software. 
http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep.html
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to, daily 
resort or facility fees, may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out 
from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, 
subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives (collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers 
and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, expense or damage 
to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel 
suppliers, including but not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of 
operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) 
acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public internet, 
telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party technology systems, or any other cause beyond 
the control of Amex. 
EFTA00989177
--- PAGE 3 ---
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that 
meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as 
a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives 
for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our 
travel counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and 
administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to our marketing 
channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we 
receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other 
American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may 
enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and 
recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and 
your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we 
identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
Califomia State Seller of Travel Registration Number: 1022318. Washington State Seller of Travel 
Registration Number: UBI#600469694. Iowa: TA# 669 Registered Iowa Travel Agency. 
EFTA00989178

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989179.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: lawrence delson
Subject: Re: Bookkeeper 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 00:01:12 +0000 
lies 
On 7 Itursday, May 8, 2014, lawrence delson < 
Jeffrey 
---- wrote: 
Just to confirm that I will interview candidates for the bookkeeping position as well an 
admin. position that Eileen and I believe is necessary. 
Larry Delson 
Delson International, Inc. 
P.O. BOX 3776 
New York, NY 10163 
6646-810-0217 
Call 
Send SMS 
Add to Skype 
You'll need Skype CreditFree via Skype 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989179

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989180.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Apt. 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 00:01:39 +0000 
Yes 
On Thursday, May 8, 2014, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
We do have an apt available !! Please let me know if ok for dr bard to stay in apt. (I have asked Bard if he can 
see you tomorrow in PB) 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: May 8, 2014, 6:25:16 PM EDT 
To: "Lesley Groff'
Subject: A  t. 
Reply-To: 
Hi Lesley, 
May 26th. 
Laura 
Sent on the Sprint® Now Network from my BlackBeny® 
Dr Bard is planning on being in New York Thursday May 22th- Monday 
He would like to know if the apartment is available. Thanks for checking. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989180

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989181.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Work from home tomorrow! 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 01:24:21 +0000 
Ok 
On Thursday, May 8, 2014, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
I would like to work from home tomorrow :) 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989181

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989182.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peter Mandelson 
Subject: Re: I am having dinner on 69th between 5th and Madison. Are you around later ? 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 01:27:00 +0000 
Caribean 
On Thursday, May 8, 2014, Peter Mandelson 
> wrote: 
Disclaimer 
This email and any attachments to it may be confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual 
to whom it is addressed. Any views or opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily 
represent those of Global Counsel LLP and Global Counsel Advisory Limited . If you are not the intended 
recipient of this email, you must neither take any action based upon its contents, nor copy or show it to 
anyone. Please contact the sender if you believe you have received this email in error. Global Counsel LLP is a 
limited liability partnership registered in England with number OC359787, registered office New Bridge Street 
House, 30-34 New Bridge Street, London, United Kingdom EC4V 6BJ. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989182

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989183.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 01:58:10 +0000 
plans have changed and you should fly to florida sat afternoon 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989183

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989184.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
>, 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 01:58:53 +0000 
fitufMa 
ticket to west palm arriving 7 pm from new york 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989184

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989185.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 02:07:34 +0000 
you will go to church on st thomas on sunday. see you sat night in florida 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989185

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989186.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Subject: Fwd: Dubai 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 10:41:42 +0000 
Forwarded message  
From: David Stern <I 
Date: Fri, May 9, 2014 at 5:02 AM 
Subject: Dubai 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Can Sultan help ? 
One call or email to a senior person at Emaar is all that is required: 
- Paddy McKillen (co-owner of Claridges, Connaught,Berkley, etc) invested Euro 8 Million in five Dubai 
properties in 2006 & 2007. 
- crisis hit Dubai: there were delays and problems 
- since then Paddy gets brushed aside and gets no proper Hearing at Emaar to discuss how to solve this. 
- Can Sultan tell senior Emaar person that they should kindly deal with this matter? 
Properties in question: 
Emaar Properties PJSC -Boulevard Plaza Tower 1, Units 901, 902, 903 904 
and 
Burj Khalifa 2b-23-2311 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00989186
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989187

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989188.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Bella Klein < 
>, 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 10:43:40 +0000 
Attachments: IMG 0227.JPG; IMG_0216.JPG 
please send 2500 dolllars so thst 
can get a macbook pro 
Forwarded messa e 
From 
Date: ry 
ay , 
at : I AM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Hello Jeffrey, these are the pictures of my laptop which is 6 years old and this is the one I took in apple store in 
Tashkent. SO they have mac book air, mac book pro and iMac. 
Mac book air is 1450 
Mac book pro is 2000 for 293th model and 2500 for 294th model and iMac is 1900 for 087 model and 2500 for 
089 model. 
this is what they said. 
avec soin, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989188

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989189.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 09 May 2014 11:01:41 +0000 
MIE 
follow her , make sure she gets in tonight, get to doctoo and gets on the plane to florida tomor 
thaks ) good luck tonite. ask nicolas how other bilogical systems organize. ants. one queen, etc 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989189

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989190.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Henriques
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 16 May 2014 20:34:43 +0000 
Attachments: Support_Org._Roadmap.zip 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989190

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989191.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeffrey E." <jeevacation@ 
ail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Mort Zuckerman 
Date: Fri, 16 May 2014 20:35:12 +0000 
tell him ok 
On Fri, May 16, 2014 at 4:27 PM, 
See Below and advise... 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Clare Probed 
Subject: RE: 3pm tomorrow Jeffrey's? 
Date: Ma 16 2014 4:19:13 PM EDT 
To: 
Hi, is Noon on Sunday not possible? 
Clare Probert 
Executive Assistant to Mortimer B Zuckerman 
Boston Properties Inc./Daily News/U.S. News & World Report 
599 Lexington Avenue, Suite 1800 
New York, NY 10022 
T: 
Original Message-----
From: 
Sent: Friday, May 16, 2014 4:13 PM 
To: Clare Probert 
Subject: 3pm tomorrow Jeffrey's? 
> wrote: 
HI Clare...might Mort be available to meet with Jeffrey and Ehud tomorrow at 3pm at Jeffrey's home? 
:) 
This message is a private communication and is intended only for the named addressee. It may contain 
information which is confidential, proprietary and/or privileged under applicable law. If you are not the 
designated recipient, you may not review, copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in 
error, please notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete this message from your system. 
Thank you. 
EFTA00989191
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989192

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989193.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Daniel
Subject: Re: Hello Jeffrey 
Date: Fri, 16 May 2014 20:36:23 +0000 
yes 
On Fri, May 16, 2014 at 4:35 PM, Daniel 
> wrote: 
Check out this girl I meet today in Stockholm ,Sandra Hellberg 
She is 25 years old looks in real like 20 years , she works a lot did many jobs with Lana 
Her dream know is to be in movies , would you like to meet her she will in New-York in June 
httplAvww.google.co.uk/search? 
q=sandrah+he I I berg&scl i ent=sa fari&h1=en&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ei=-3 R2U-
bLB8zS4 QTIz4CQC w& ved=0CAgQ,_AUoAQ 
Daniel siad 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989193

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989194.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez < 
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 16 May 2014 21:16:10 +0000 
take the piano from , fivce palms and put in kite house. „ please print out all 
photos and bring to main 
table at 6pm tonite for review.. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989194

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989195.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Anna 
Date: Fri, 16 May 2014 21:19:36 +0000 
Inline-Images: image.png 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Katherine 
Subject: Anna 
Date: May 16, 2014 4:59:14 PM EDT 
To:
c 
EFTA00989195
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00989196

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989197.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Clare Iveagh
Subject: Re: 
Date: Fri, 16 May 2014 22:33:51 +0000 
I ve seen it, no air cond 
On Fri, May 16, 2014 at 6:05 PM, Care Iveagh < 
wrote: 
Coco Chanel's house in the South of France is for sale if ur interested?:)))) 
Clare Iveagh 
The Countess of Iveagh 
www.elveden.com 
iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989197

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989198.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Bill Gates
Subject: 
Date: Fri, 16 May 2014 22:38:51 +0000 
the list of hedge fund guys show 20 billion of INCOME last year the only real dedcution and the way miniize 
theiir current taxes is a charitable gift , not one has an idea big enough so they are putting into private 
foundaitons , only choice. 
these are the DAF's perfect fit. 
speak wed. Terje - intersesing paki info , 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989198

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989199.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem  
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 01:12:29 +0000 
I haven't coughed since I started taking the medicine 
My problem is acid reflex and cialis as well as viagra increase acid in stomach 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 17, 2014, at 6:47 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how are you feeling, ? my friend had the same cough, and said it was from cialis 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989199

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989200.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Smiles 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 01:39:16 +0000 
I'm having one of those overwhelming moments that I have to share with you. I'm so happy I could burst. I love 
my life so much. Thank you for finding me all those 20 something years ago. I'm so grateful that you're in my 
life. Have a wonderful weekend. 
XO, Sophie 
EFTA00989200

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989201.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 02:02:23 +0000 
Fly safely 
It's raining here 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA00989201

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989202.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 03:51:24 +0000 
Great , anytime 
On Friday, May 16, 2014, Sultan Bin Sulayem < 
wrote: 
By the way when will you be at you your island Again I want to visit you there my ba early June 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 17, 2014, at 6:47 AM, "jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
how are you feeling, ? my friend had the same cough, and said it was from cialis 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989202

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989203.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: John look <a 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 09:19:59 +0000 
Hi 
I am staying next week in Miami to finish the work 
They tell me that they wait from the information from another department 
I don't understand that they cannot do things faster 
Anyways I am going back there on Monday 
are you staying all week in island? 
EFTA00989203

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989204.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: John look
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 10:14:39 +0000 
im in ny . if you need help ask rich. makes no sense to me. 
On Sat, May 17, 2014 at 5:19 AM, John look < 
> wrote: 
Hi 
I am staying next week in Miami to finish the work 
They tell me that they wait from the information from another department 
I don't understand that they cannot do things faster 
Anyways I am going back there on Monday 
are you staying all week in island? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989204

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989205.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peter Thiel 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 11:11:32 +0000 
really looking forward to it. lots of things to discuss. I can do the 19th . however if possible ,I just arrived new 
york and would prefer to meet before. 
On Fri, May 16, 2014 at 11:54 PM, Peter Thiel < 
wrote: 
Would you be up for dinner on the 19th or 20th? 
Sent from my iPad 
On May 14, 2014, at 10:40 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.coin>>
wrote: 
I assume we are still on for the 19th new york? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeex
im®gmail.com<mailtoleevacation@gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989205

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989206.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn < 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: <no subject> 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 12:01:04 +0000 
Kips Bay Designer Showhouse is being held this year at our old space at 
http://www.kipsbaydecoratorshowhouse.org/ 
EFTA00989206

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989207.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Jabor Y."
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 13:01:06 +0000 
Im in ny, thank you for your very thougtful gift. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989207

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989208.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peter Attia 
Subject: Re: can I intro you to a patient 
Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2018 11:32:15 +0000 
what would you like me to discuss with him what have you told him? 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 9:31 PM, Peter Attia 
> wrote: 
Missed you. I'll call this weekend. 
Peter Attie, M. I Attia Medical, PC 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, including patient information protected by federal and state 
privacy laws. It is intended only for the use of the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, 
dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient please contact the sender by reply 
email and destroy all copies of the original message 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com
Sent: Friday, June 15, 2018 4:33 PM 
To: Peter Attia <
> 
Subject: Re: can I intro you to a patient 
Im on cell if you like 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 5:51 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Ok 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 5:41 PM Peter Attia < 
I think 
taking off around 715. Weekend? 
> wrote: 
EFTA00989208
--- PAGE 2 ---
Peter Attia, 
Attia Medical, PC 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, 
including patient information protected by federal and state privacy laws. It is intended only for the use of 
the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, 
dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are not the 
intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message 
On Jun 15, 2018, at 5:32 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacationggmail.com> wrote: 
After8 pm ? 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 5:19 PM Peter Attia  
I> wrote: 
You have a sec to talk for context? 
Peter Attia, 
I Attia Medical, PC 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, 
including patient information protected by federal and state privacy laws. It is intended only for the 
use of the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that 
any review, dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If 
you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of 
the original message 
On Jun 15, 2018, at 5:04 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Of course 
EFTA00989209
--- PAGE 3 ---
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 4:54 PM Peter Attia < 
wrote: 
Barry Stemlicht 
Peter Attia, M. I Attia Medical, PC 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, including patient information protected 
by federal and state privacy laws. It is intended only for the use of the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient you are 
hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are not the 
intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Friday, June 15, 2018 1:42 PM 
To: Peter Attia 
Subject: Re: can I intro you to a patient 
Yes , name? 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 3:28 PM Peter Attia 
> wrote: 
Needs a "coach" on what to do when you're too rich. 
Peter Attia, M. I Attia Medical, PC 
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, including patient information 
protected by federal and state privacy laws. It is intended only for the use of the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If 
you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00989210
--- PAGE 4 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00989211
--- PAGE 5 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989212

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989213.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: terje„ india, kazak, mongolia. norway, 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 13:03:10 +0000 
terje„ india, kazak, mongolia. norway, 
bill daf, , satellite. charity. 
EFTA00989213

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989214.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: terje„ india, kazak, mongolia. norway, 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 13:03:25 +0000 
terje„ india, kazak, mongolia. norway, 
bill daf, , satellite. charity. 
grog, 
EFTA00989214

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989215.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Greg Wyler
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 13:04:09 +0000 
progress? Im having meetings on wednesday, 
if you know where you are before then , could be helpful 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989215

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989216.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: "H. K.H. Kronprinsessen" 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 13:20:50 +0000 
happy national day, hope you are well 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989216

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989217.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ivjet
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 13:22:34 +0000 
can it be that one of the tubes for the air is bent , crimped, so that when the bleed air is pushing it causes, a 
backflow. it was SO quiet on descent. and when the engines sp000led up , the air got loud and a vibration was 
felt. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989217

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989218.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 13:28:29 +0000 
1130 ok 
On Sat, May 17, 2014 at 9:27 AM, 
Will head over shortly 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00989218

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989219.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ada Clapp
Subject: Re: Fire Drill 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 13:51:36 +0000 
the stock price must be headlined on page I. 
2. I see debra is not on the loan , is that because it comes due 
on death? 
On Fri, May 16, 2014 at 1:28 PM, Ada Clapp < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey and Eileen, 
Attached is the Estate Planning Overview prepared by US Trust. I am sending it to you before the broader 
team in case you want to make changes/revisions. Of course, the cash needs pages show one version of how 
assets would be sold to pay estate taxes and can be revised to better reflect the family's wishes in that regard. 
I look forward to receiving your comments. 
Ada Clapp 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue 
Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
Direct Dial: 
Fax: 
Email: 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: Pursuant to IRS regulations, I inform you that any tax advice contained in this 
communication (including attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by any 
person or entity for the purposes of (i) avoiding tax related penalties imposed by any governmental tax 
authority, or (ii) proposing, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter discussed 
herein. I advise you to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
EFTA00989219
--- PAGE 2 ---
This communication and any attachment is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain 
information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary. If you are not the intended recipient, you 
are hereby notified that further dissemination of this communication and its attachments is prohibited. Please 
delete all copies of this communication and its attachments and notify me immediately that you have received 
them in error. Thank you. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989220

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989221.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 13:57:27 +0000 
any better idea of summer plan? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989221

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989222.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 13:58:13 +0000 
we will retun ALL hennes, . get a credit. . i want to go in a diffemet directin 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989222

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989223.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 13:58:36 +0000 
are you set fro paris ? 
do you have steve bastones number 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989223

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989224.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 14:02:01 +0000 
I have told you at least 10 times „ that i am not interested in what you think ,thought„ I asked you to merely 
do as i ask. you and I agreed this before. I thought , 
 is alwys just another reason . it is meanig;lss to 
me. 
On Tue, May 13, 2014 at 4:03 PM 
wrote: 
I did not know I won't like it I said if you " might not " like it . Jeffrey yes it was my fault I should have 
asked you . It was a chaos in my head that day as I was rushing to finish and submit my paper before due time. 
I heard we were more likely not coming I thought you and Karyna just wanted to go together in peace . Also 
Jeffrey I did not know you needed me you never mentioned you needed my helpiaht 
you asked me just 
to be nice as usual when I asked you what your plans were. You said to Karyna 
s ALSO coming w 
you and 
it sounded like you already arranged the trip and just added me . Jeffrey if you say that you need 
my help I would not even call and ask Karyna if it ok if I do not come I would never ever do that ?! I am sorry 
I screw up your weekend 0 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989224

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989225.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Reid Hoffman
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 14:03:53 +0000 
the inevitable practical jokes just get ratched up.... many fun things to discuss when you have a chance, I am on 
the island for the next couple of weeks, come visit, or I will stop and see you on my way to mongolia. 
On Sat, May 17, 2014 at 10:01 AM, Reid Hoffman < 
> wrote: 
Indeed, since it was on my list to email today! Hope you are well. 
Sent from my archaic device in haste 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Saturday, May 17, 2014 3:36 AM 
To: 301 Ito; Reid Hoffman 
Subject: 
joi, youll have to explain the penalty for not returning emails 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989225

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989226.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Steve Bastone 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 14:09:32 +0000 
Attachments: Steve Bastone.vcf 
EFTA00989226

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989227.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 14:46:02 +0000 
steve bastone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989227

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989228.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com>
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 14:48:23 +0000 
number you sent does not go through 
On Sat, May 17, 2014 at 9:46 AM, < 
Ok i will sing ella 
> wrote: 
Thank you so much! 
Xxx 
Wyslane z iPada 
Dnia May 17, 2014 o godz. 8:59 AM "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> napisal(a): 
please send me your phone number. . 
leon wants you to sing the same ella song as you sent , but this 
time only your natural voice. . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00989228
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989229

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989230.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Greg Wyler"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: No subject 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 14:54:45 +0000 
I have lunch with Patrick today, I will know more later. 
Met with ceo of telstra in australia, serious interest. Wants Australia and some other area countries. 
Salinas confirmed he wants to take mexico and a few other Latin American countries... Had a 4 hour dinner with 
him Thursday. Mexico has. 14b national network plan they may or may not do... This is helps that substantially. 
Met with the governor of Wyoming yesterday... Very high interest for his state (want to build up political will). 
Met with founder of vimpelcom, 5th largest global telco. Wants Russia and a bunch of areas. 
French president confirmed he would like to be part of our announcement. 
Busy two days. 
On May 17, 2014 6:03 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
progress? Im having meetings on wednesday, 
if you know where you are before then , could be helpful 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989230

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989231.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: lawrence delson < 
To: "jeevacationgginail.corn" <jeevacation(ciginail.com> 
Subject: Hiring 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 15:08:51 +0000 
Jeffrey 
I just want to make sure we are all on the same page. 
Eileen I believe e-mailed you with her comments etc. In sum, we interviewed and subject 
to background checks, will hire one bookkeeper/administrator - Aneta Golak - as well as 
another accountant - Julie Li - to work with Rich J/Rich D. Of the three individuals to 
work with the J and D, the decision on Julie was unanimous. I think she is a perfect fit 
and will work very hard. 
I did discuss in detail with Rich D and Eileen whether we need both. They both think so. 
Larry Delson 
Delson International, Inc. 
P.O. BOX 3776 
New York NY 10163 
(T) 
(F) 
EFTA00989231

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989232.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: lawrence delson
Subject: Re: Hiring 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 15:22:22 +0000 
Only after my approval 
On Saturday, May 17, 2014, lawrence delson 
Jeffrey 
I just want to make sure we are all on the same page. 
> wrote: 
Eileen I believe e-mailed you with her comments etc. In sum, we interviewed and 
subject to background checks, will hire one bookkeeper/administrator - Aneta Golak -
as well as another accountant - Julie Li - to work with Rich ]/Rich D. Of the three 
individuals to work with the ] and D, the decision on Julie was unanimous. I think she is 
a perfect fit and will work very hard. 
I did discuss in detail with Rich D and Eileen whether we need both. They both think so. 
Larry Delson 
Delson International, Inc. 
P.O. BOX 3776 
New York NY 10163 
(T) 
(F) 
Call 
Send SMS 
Add to Skype 
You'll need Skype CreditFree via Skype 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989232

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989233.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: BMG alla> 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 16:02:08 +0000 
Good morning 
Due to hacking of network we are presently off line until Monday 
Rich has updates 
Let me know if you wish to discuss this situation and I will call 
Rich has proposal for tl and last discussion he was going to contact advanced communication 
Have also forwarded proposal for upgraded sat service for his review 
Water 
Jess Ward from the OSE is to sign ext of time for Dakota permit Monday Tuesday next week , it was to be done 
this week but he didn't get time to do so 
May 13 th forwarded proposal for cleaning of Well 6 and pump test to Rich and Darren 
Rich is going to contact vendors to discuss cost 
Driller was to be on sight to clean well Tuesday 
Working on pricing for proposed infrastructure upgrades 
Will have estimate to connect well 6 to Dakota 10,000 gallon storage and pumps Monday 
Casey cook has forward memo to Rich and Darren regarding Dakota well variability 
Landscaper 
Advertised with flyers at 3 Commerical nurseries, listed position on Craig's list Abq and Santa Fe 
Plus approached 2 big landscape companies. 
Have had some interest from craiglist 
But nothing worth forwarding on 
May possibly here back from 
One of the landscaping companies next week 
Dogs 
Informed breeder that we did not want one dog 
He advised that the deposit was non refundable and is awaiting direction of we wish to wait for the next litter or 
forfeit deposit of 1500.00 
New lifter would be possibly be late in the year 
How do you wish to proceed ? 
Hand over to Darren or wait for new litter and get three puppies. 
Power conditioner 
Expected new proposal yesterday 
Having problems with marrying single phase service and required KVA to off the shelf equipment . 
Working with another supplier and possibly will have estimate Tuesday Wednesday 
Will be going to cam am dealers today 
Regards Brice 
EFTA00989233
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 17, 2014, at 8:47 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Internet. water, dogs landscaper 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989234

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989235.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L." <
1=1=> 
To: Florida Science Foundation leevacation@gmail.com>, "Dowling, David" 
Subject: JE/AF 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 16:06:54 +0000 
When: Saturday, May 17, 2014 2:15 PM-2:30 PM. (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada) 
Where: AF 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall 
be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital 
Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island 
Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA00989235

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989236.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 16:25:22 +0000 
speak this weekend? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989236

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989237.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989237.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Eva Dubin
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 16:26:42 +0000 
are you free? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989237

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989238.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lawrence Krauss
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Lawrence Krauss
Subject: update 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 22:41:27 +0000 
Inline-Images: DA866543-7401-4A5A-8E50-FD32E33A50EC.png 
he never got back to me after my note yesterday fyi.. 
also, amelia had meeting with the university attorney about the request for info on Origins project finding. The 
reporter contacted her yesterday and today saying he was particularly interested in connections to you.. We are 
providing him with minimal information on the budget at this time, and minimal information on donors to the 
foundation.. The good news is that if your foundation is listed at all (I am not sure yet what requirements there 
are for listing donors, and you can be sure the University will protect any info they legally can because they are 
pissed off at this journalist) it will be for the postdoctoral prize gift and undergrad scholarship gifts, which I 
would be happy for them to publish.. :) The Black foundation gift was specifically asked to be anonymous so I 
believe that cannot be disclosed in any case.. 
so, the university will not be getting back to him with information till at the earliest late next week... 
Lawrence 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Director, The Origins Project at ASU 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
Foundation Professor 
School of Earth & Space Exploration and Physics Department 
Arizona State University, M. Box 871404, Tempe, AZ 85287-1404 
Research Office: 480.965.6378, Assistant (Jessica) 
Origins Office (Cynthia) 
origins.asu.cdu I 
I krauss.faculty.asu.edu
EFTA00989238

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989239.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989239.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 16:28:19 +0000 
are you free? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989239

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989240.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joi Ito cla 
To: Reid Hoffman 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 16:38:45 +0000 
I can always deploy the penalty since I'll be seeing Reid physically. 
- Joi 
On May 17, 2014, at 07:01 , Reid Hoffman <M=Ill.a> 
wrote: 
> Indeed, since it was on my list to email today! Hope you are well. 
> Sent from my archaic device in haste 
> From: jeffrey E. 
> Sent: Saturday, May 17, 2014 3:36 AM 
> To: Joi Ito; Reid Hoffman 
> Subject: 
> joi, youll have to explain the penalty for not returning emails 
> --
> please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
EFTA00989240

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989241.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 16:42:00 +0000 
Im going to see thiel in the next few days , a non western based financial system, russia. etc. great fun, . re 
reid , a great practical joke is in his near - future, . maybe i should apologize in advance. 
On Sat, May 17, 2014 at 12:38 PM, Joi Ito 
> wrote: 
I can always deploy the penalty since I'll be seeing Reid physically. 
- Joi 
On May 17, 2014, at 07:01 , Reid Hoffman
> Indeed, since it was on my list to email today! Hope you are well. 
> Sent from my archaic device in haste 
> From: jeffrey E. 
> Sent: Saturday, May 17, 2014 3:36 AM 
> To: Joi Ito; Reid Hoffman 
> Subject: 
> joi, youll have to explain the penalty for not returning emails 
• 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00989241
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989242

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989243.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989243.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 16:56:15 +0000 
Thank you thank you :) i miss you t000 :D you're gonna cry when you're back! :D 
Hugs 
Ps. I sent the record, hope you got it 
Wyslane z iPada 
Dnia May 17, 2014 o godz. 12:36 PM "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> napisal(a): 
great for you. shitty for me, i might have to stay monday night to see him again miss you , every hole 
On Sat, May 17, 2014 at 12:33 PM, < 
> wrote: 
How went the breakfast? 
Wyslane z iPada 
Dnia May 17, 2014 o godz. 10:48 AM "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> napisal(a): 
number you sent does not go through 
On Sat Ma 17 2014 at 9:46 AM, < 
wrote: 
:) 
Ok i will sing ella 
Thank you so much! 
Xxx 
Wyslane z iPada 
Dnia May 17, 2014 o godz. 8:59 AM "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> napisal(a): 
please send me your phone number. . 
leon wants you to sing the same ella song as you sent , but 
this time only your natural voice. . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00989243
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989244

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989245.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989245.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Eva Dubin < 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 17:09:56 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
yes 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 12:26:42 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
are you free? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989245

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989246.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989246.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Farkas, Andrew L."
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 18:02:14 +0000 
can't make it,
 lets talk later in the day, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989246

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989247.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Farkas, Andrew L."  
To: ' 
" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 18:22:28 +0000 
K. Got lost? 
From: Jeffrey E. [malltoleevacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Saturday, May 17, 2014 02:02 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
can't make it,
 lets talk later in the day, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or 
any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) 
and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA00989247

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989248.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: President
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Cc:
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 19:02:28 +0000 
On my way home from Boston what number shall I call at around 6 PM? 
Leon 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 17, 2014, at 12:39 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeesi n@grrtn> wrote: 
are you around today or only monday, . 
my colleague is going to visit a few universities in st 
petersburg next week, lets try to organize a tour of yours 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989248

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989249.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: ticket purchased for =M/hotel 
is within cancellation period 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 22:49:44 +0000 
yes king size bed 
On Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 4:38 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
I have purchased a ticket for 
to fly at 4:10pm on Sat. Nov. 25th to WPB arriving 7:08pm on 
United #489 from Newark...Re the hotel room, we are within the cancellation policy, once I book the room we 
spend the $229+tax... OK to book the Hilton WPB for one night Sat. NOv. 25th? 
On Nov 22, 2017, at 2:49 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
les , get 
a ticket from new york to palm beach, sat afternoon , and a reservation . for the hilton in 
west palm. . for sat night. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989249
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989250

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989251.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 20:34:46 +0000 
Sure, wirh pleasure. Tomorrow ? 6:00 my time ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 17 mai 2014, at 18:25, "jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.cotn> wrote: 
speak this weekend? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989251

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989252.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Visoski
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: sink 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 20:44:44 +0000 
Jeffrey 
Sink plunger is completely repaired now. 
I removed the bottom plunger arm from under the sink, adjusted extension, this gives better throw and operation 
of the plunger now 
should be perfect now 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 17, 2014, at 7:11 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
sink plunger sucked closed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989252

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989253.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Jabor Y."
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 21:18:46 +0000 
i need help , on figuring out what this present does and how to use it.? thanks 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989253

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989254.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 22:34:51 +0000 
hopefully see you tomonv with ehud at 12 noon?? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989254

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989255.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: President
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 17 May 2014 22:49:56 +0000 
Off to rehearsal will call tomorrow what number? 
Leon 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 17, 2014, at 12:39 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
are you around today or only monday, 
my colleague is going to visit a few universities in st 
petersburg next week, lets try to organize a tour of yours 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989255

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989256.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989256.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Larry Visoski 
Subject: Re: Departure 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 22:59:46 +0000 
boca 7 am 
On Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 5:26 PM, Larry Visoski a 
wrote: 
Jeffrey 
Reminder if you decided to depart from Boca or PBI on a Sunday? 
I only need 24 hour notice to request a departure slot, I don't imagine Saturday afternoon Departure slots 
would be fully Booked, 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 22, 2017, at 9:35 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ask again tonite at 5 thx problay boca leave 7 sunday , we need to keep an eye on the weather. 
rained all 
day the other day. 
On Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 9:28 AM, Larry Visoski a> 
wrote: 
Jeffrey 
Just a reminder if you decided to depart from PHI or Boca on Sunday? 
Thx 
Larry 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989256
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989257

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989258.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 00:44:16 +0000 
remnd me at 12 noon tomorw 
On Sat, May 17, 2014 at 7:57 PM, 
> wrote: 
do you know where she is and whether she means am or pm 
On Sat, May 17, 2014 at 7:50 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
remidn me 
Forwarded messao 
From: A. de Rothschild H 
Date: Sat, May 17, 2014 at 4:34 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jetos@gmail.com> 
Sure, wirh pleasure. Tomorrow ? 6:00 my time ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 17 mai 2014, at 18:25, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
speak this weekend? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00989258
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989259

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989260.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Valeria Chomsky < 
>, Noam Chomsky
Subject: Re: Securities Arbitration Counsel 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 23:00:49 +0000 
NUTSnnt
On Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 5:15 PM, Valeria Chomsky < 
> wrote: 
What should we do? 
Forwarded messa e ----- 
From: Gene Landy 
Date: Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 3:13 PM 
Subject: Securities Arbitration Counsel 
To: Valeria Chomsky 
, Noam Chomsky 
Cc: Deborah Pechet Quinan <Ma> 
Hello Noam and Valeria, 
I have found it difficult to find a recommendation for a plaintiff's attorneys that can provide the kind of litigation services 
that you would need to bring a claim against Bainco. 
By means of web searching, I have found the following names of attorneys that work in this field that might be suitable. 
I have no personal experience with either of them. 
If you like, can contact them to see if they might be suitable. Or, if you like you can contact them directly. 
These are the names: 
John E. Sutherland 
Brickley, Sears & Sorett, 
Federal Street 
Boston, MA 02110 
Potential Lawyers 
Jenice L. Maledd 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Broadway #715 
EFTA00989260
--- PAGE 2 ---
New York,  New York 10004 
If I do you want me to speak with them, 1 need your permission to disclose your name and the nature and background 
of the matter. 
Best, 
Gene 
Gene Landy 
Ruberto, Israel & Weiner, IM. 
Chair, Technology Business Group 
255 State Street 7th Floor I Boston  MA 02109 
Office: 
Fax: 
A Focus on Technology Business 
NOTICE: This email with its attachments, if any, is intended solely for permitted use by authorized recipients. 
If you are not an authorized recipient of this email, your retention, transmission, disclosure, or use of this email 
is prohibited. If you received this email in error, please notify the sender and delete this email and its 
attachments from your devices and systems. 
Valeria Chomsky 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989261

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989262.pdf
----------------------------------------
Front: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 01:29:49 +0000 
yes I talked to Karyna, yes sony I got it now , can I see you in the morning? 
On Sat, May 17, 2014 at 9:27 PM, jeffrey E. <jgest@gmail.com> wrote: 
it says I AM IN ny.. thru monday, 
On Sat, May 17, 2014 at 9:21 PM, 
l> wrote: 
Sorry I didn't understand that you are here... I thought you said you are coming to ny on Monday night . Can 
I come in the morning than? 
On Saturday, May 17, 2014, jeffrey E. <jea@gmail.com> wrote: 
tomorow 
On Sat, May 17, 2014 at 6:44 PM, 
Ok I will come right after my exam around 7:30 is ok ? 
wrote: 
On Saturday, May 17, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I am in ny thru monday night„ you should come speak to me, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00989262
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
WE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989263

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989264.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Eva Dubin <1 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 23:02:37 +0000 
you can tell donald that ken starr is with inc 
hcre in palm. 
donald should really talk to him about specail 
prosecutors 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989264

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989265.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 11:15:10 +0000 
he first woman to head a Group of Eight central bank, Elvira Nabiullina 
-- lets try to meet her . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989265

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989266.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: trivers
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 12:02:50 +0000 
nice work, congragulations. 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 3:52 AM, < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey 
here is the final paper as just submitted to Science 
again, many thanks for all your help 
not a word from Rutgers, will file suit in about two weeks but will not 
pursue it
 regard that as a long losing self-destructive game 
please note that you are thanking personally in the sprinting paper; if 
you prefer not to be, just say so and only your Foundation will be thanked 
warmest best as always 
bob 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989266

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989267.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: soon yi previn < 
To: soon yi previn < 
Subject: NYTimes: Harvard Rated Asian-American Applicants Lower on Personality Traits, Suit Says 
Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2018 11:33:55 +0000 
Here's a story from The New York Times that I thought you'd find interesting: 
Personal ratings brought down Asian-American applicants' chances of being admitted, according to an analysis 
filed by a group suing the school for bias. 
Read More... 
Get The New York Times on  your mobile device 
Soon-Yi iPhone 
EFTA00989267

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989268.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: trivers
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 12:04:11 +0000 
what is the status of the rutgers suspension? 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 3:52 AM, < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey 
here is the final paper as just submitted to Science 
again, many thanks for all your help 
not a word from Rutgers, will file suit in about two weeks but will not 
pursue it
 regard that as a long losing self-destructive game 
please note that you are thanking personally in the sprinting paper; if 
you prefer not to be, just say so and only your Foundation will be thanked 
warmest best as always 
bob 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989268

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989269.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Farkas, Andrew L."
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 12:14:36 +0000 
have you left yet . or I can walk over. 
On Sat, May 17, 2014 at 11:24 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. < 
> wrote: 
Need directions? 
From: Jeffrey E. [mallto: eevac
jSgmaiLcom]
Sent: Saturday, May 17, 2014 11:23 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Subject: Re: 
Address,)? 
On Saturday, May 17, 2014, Farkas, Andrew L. < 
> wrote: 
I'm w/ sandi and the boys right now. And then I have to drive to connecticut for a bat mitzvah (kill me now). And then 
I have to drive back and attend a black tie fiftieth birthday party (kill me again) when I return. But on the drive back I 
get to have a conference call with sternlicht and gang. And then I fly to las vegas in the morning with ross and blau. 
And then I attend a dinner tomorrow night with olshan, kalisman, taubman, et al. And then I fly to aspen monday 
morning to meet contractors. And then back tuesday. This is just to give you a little sense of my calendar these days. 
This said, if you have 15 mins at 2:15 for a visit that would be great. You could even see the kids! 
From: Jeffrey E. [mallto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Saturday, May 17, 2014 09:20 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
Im home and can walk over for a few minutes if you like 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989269
--- PAGE 2 ---
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is 
confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not 
the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, 
disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and 
destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or 
hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeNS®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or 
protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you 
have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. 
Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification 
of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00989270
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989271

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989272.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: your question 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 12:35:37 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Attachments: Letter toVP_Edwardssent_5.14.14.doc 
thanks for your comments on our paper 
> what is the status of the rutgers suspension? 
i have been suspended without pay since April 1—we are paid every two 
weeks, so i have now missed three paychecks of —$4300 each—the Vice 
President said on April 8th when he met with me that he would get back to 
me in two weeks as to whether 
1—they would start paying me again earlier than July 1 and 
2—whether they would switch my line to Ecology and Evolution, at which 
point all the pressure and problems would end on the spot 
this Tuesday will be four weeks since the day he promised to get back to 
without doing so 
so, in short Jeffrey, no sign of movement whatsoever 
meanwhile they are deciding what to force me to teach or allow me to teach 
this coming fall 
it can be quite disheartening but i try to hold my head up-certainly i did 
the right thing in revealing fraud in my own work, though that set off the 
problems-and as the attached letter i recently sent to the VP makes clear 
i would rather have done the sprinting project we did than sit down and 
master an area i do not master to save the University $4500 to be paid to 
the woman who invented the course 
i am in Berlin until this Thursday when i fly back to Jersey—have been 
mastering the evolutionary biology of cancer—a fascinating area making 
rapid progress 
all best wishes in your work and your larger life 
EFTA00989272

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989273.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989273.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 13:09:26 +0000 
photos today please print for frames in your office, where are we with palm beach cushions? 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 8:57 AM, 
aMINS 
wrote: 
Ok 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 18, 2014, at 7:34 AM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
great . will do 
Forwarded message  
From: Jabor Y. 
Date: Sun, May 18, 2014 at 7:32 AM 
Subject: Re: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
I need to explain it directly. If you can keep the things ready in front of you and give me a call tonight Doha 
time around 9 PM (your time 2 pm), I can guide you through the process. 
On Sunday, May 18, 2014, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i need help , on figuring out what this present does and how to use it.? thanks 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00989273
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989274

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989275.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Ivjet
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 13:15:32 +0000 
can we have the heli for fri afternoon in lsj? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989275

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989276.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 13:16:49 +0000 
can you see if james is around today to work through network issues 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989276

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989277.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 13:17:21 +0000 
430 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 9:16 
wrote: 
What time 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989277

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989278.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito <, 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 13:22:09 +0000 
meeting with joe at 10 . call if you are awake, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989278

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989279.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 13:30:13 +0000 
http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=363512250 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989279

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989280.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal <1 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 13:37:03 +0000 
are you in ny? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989280

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989281.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: (No subject) 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 13:51:18 +0000 
Forwarded message  
From:  
Date: Sun, May 18, 2014 at 9:50 AM 
Subject: Re: (No subject) 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
The w is decent and close to the festival. Beautiful women and nice suites that overlook the downtown city. 
My girls can send your team a list of best options if that helps. 
-Austin 
Sent from Mailbox 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 3:47 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Bobby Slayton is helping me to organize , which is the best hotel? 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 9:43 AM, < 
wrote: 
Great. Our crew has a dozen tickets on two separate nights. I'll have Francesca or Ellaina contact your team 
with dates if you'd like to join us & share our tickets. 
Best, 
Austin 
Sent from Mailbox 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 3:15 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.cotn> wrote: 
montreal comedy, definitely 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA00989281
--- PAGE 2 ---
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989282

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989283.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevaeation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
25NOV17 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 23:26:44 +0000 
Attachments:  
.pd f; linItineraryCalendanics 
Here is 
ticket Plus hotel room! Let me know when to forward to her! 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "American Express Travel" <itinerary(i.emyamextravel.com> 
Date: November 22, 2017 at 6:21:05 PM EST 
To: 
Subject: Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
25NOVI7 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. This message was sent from a notification only address that 
cannot accept incomin messages. If you have any questions, please contact Centurion Travel 
Service at 1 
If airline tickets are purchased for this itinerary: 
Airline Baggage Fee/Rules may apply and can be accessed by visiting: 
https://myamextravel.com/baggage
Your travel arrangements are outlined below in the email. Please refer to the PDF attachment and 
itinerary for more details regarding your travel arrangements. Your Centurion Travel Service travel 
plans have been posted to a secure website. Please click on the link to view your trip details and 
add link to your bookmarked favorites for easy access in the future: 
View your Trips 
American Express Travel 
Record Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Ticket UP 
Saturday 25 Nov 17 
Flight Information 
-22NOV 
Date 
Nov 2017 
EFTA00989283
--- PAGE 2 ---
Airline 
United Airlines 
Airline Record Locator 
FlighUClass 
UA 489 S Economy Class 
Origin 
Newark, Newark Liberty International 
Destination 
West Palm Beach, Palm Beach International 
Departing 
04:10 PM 
Arriving 
07:08 PM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal C 
Estimated Time 
Hrs 58 Mins 
Stops 
Non-stop 
Seats 
27D 
Confirmed 
Hotel Information 
Hotel 
HILTON WEST PALM BEACH 
Address 
600 Okeechobee Boulevard 
WEST PALM BEACH FL 33401 
Telephone 
1-561-231-6000 
Check In Date 
Sat 25 Nov 2017 
Check Out Date 
Sun 26 Nov 2017 
Confirmation Number 
Base Rate 
USD 219.001 per night 
May be subject to local taxes, service charges, and daily resort fees if applicable 
Cancellation Policy 
Cancel 3 Days Prior To Arrival 
Confirmed 
Other Information 
Entry and Exit Information for Travel 
American Express strongly recommends that you periodically review www.Visacentral.com/amex for 
the most up to date and accurate entry/exit requirements for your travel destination. Due to frequent 
changes, American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and 
expressly disclaims any liability for any inaccurate or incomplete information contained on that site. 
You may receive customer service emails even if you have requested not to receive email marketing 
offers from American Express. For details about our e-mail practices, please review the American 
Express Privacy Statement at www.americanexpress.com/privacy
See attached itinerary PDF or link for full terms and conditions. 
PDF itinerary attachment: 
If you are unable to view the PDF attachment, ensure you have Adobe Acrobat Reader. Refer to 
website below to download and install this free software. 
http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep.html
Thank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and have a pleasant trip. 
EFTA00989284
--- PAGE 3 ---
Please be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, including, but not limited to, daily 
resort or facility fees, may be applicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out 
from the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before your trip regarding the existence and 
amount of such charges. 
Liability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and its parent, 
subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives (collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel suppliers 
and you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for any loss, injury, expense or damage 
to persons or property resulting, directly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel 
suppliers, including but not limited to delays, overbooking's, cancellation of services, cessation of 
operations, accidents or failures of equipment, or changes in fares, itineraries or schedules; or (2) 
acts of God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of governmental authorities, civil 
unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, accidents or failures related to the public intemet, 
telecommunications lines or facilities, or third party technology systems, or any other cause beyond 
the control of Amex. 
Intermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers and making arrangements that 
meet your individual needs. We consider various factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending specific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent third party and not as 
a fiduciary. We want you to be aware that certain suppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives 
for reaching sales targets or other goals, and from time to time may also provide incentives to our 
travel counselors. Certain suppliers may also provide compensation to us for various marketing and 
administrative services that we perform for them, such as granting them access to our marketing 
channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting technology initiatives. In addition, we 
receive compensation from suppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other 
American Express products to pay for supplier products and services. From time to time we may 
enter into other business relationships with suppliers and these arrangements, including levels and 
types of compensation and incentives we receive, are subject to change. In identifying suppliers and 
recommending itineraries, we may consider a number of factors, including supplier availability and 
your preferences. The relationships we have with suppliers may also influence the suppliers we 
identify and the itineraries we recommend. 
Califomia State Seller of Travel Registration Number: 1022318. Washington State Seller of Travel 
Registration Number: UBI#600469694. Iowa: TA# 669 Registered Iowa Travel Agency. 
EFTA00989285

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989286.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: President
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 15:35:03 +0000 
pm? 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 9:57 AM, President < 
What number when today? 
Leon 
Sent from my iPhone 
> wrote: 
On May 17, 2014, at 6:49 PM, President < 
> wrote: 
Off to rehearsal will call tomorrow what number? 
Leon 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 17, 2014, at 12:39 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
are you around today or only monday, 
my colleague is going to visit a few universities in st 
petersburg next week, lets try to organize a tour of yours 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00989286
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989287

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989288.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 16:49:46 +0000 
ok 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 12:43 PM, A. de Rothschild < 
wrote: 
Is it a pb if we make it 8:00 ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 18 mai 2014, at 15:18, "jeffrey E." <jeeNS®gmail.com> wrote: 
does 7 pm work? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989288

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989289.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peter Thiel
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 17:20:01 +0000 
yes lets do dinner tonite, why don't you come to my house. at 730 . bank has heavy security. 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 12:09 PM, Peter Thiel < 
wrote: 
or are you up for dinner tonight? Would Barak be up for joining? 
We could get it at my place (Union Square), have chef make it 
Sent from my iPad 
On May 18, 2014, at 8:07 AM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com<mailtojeevacation@gmail.com>>
wrote: 
Im at 9 east 71 . ehud barak at 1130 am if you woudl like to stop by 
On Fri, May 16, 2014 at 11:54 PM, Peter Thiel < 
wrote: 
Would you be up for dinner on the 19th or 20th? 
Sent from my iPad 
mailto 
>> 
On May 14, 2014, at 10:40 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
<mailtojeevacation@grnail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>>> wrote: 
I assume we are still on for the 19th new york? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.corn> 
<mailtojeevacation@gmail.com<mailtojeevacation@gmail.com>>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989289
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<mailtoleevacation@gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989290

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989291.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: President
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 17:23:45 +0000 
ok 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 12:28 PM, President < 
> wrote: 
Concert over at 5 30, how about 6 PM 
Original Message ----
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: "President"  
Sent: Sunday, May 18, 2014 11:35:03 AM 
Subject: Re: 
pm? 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 9:57 AM, President < 
What number when today? 
Leon 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 17, 2014, at 6:49 PM, President < 
> wrote: 
> wrote: 
Off to rehearsal will call tomorrow what number? 
Leon 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 17, 2014, at 12:39 PM, "jeffrey E." < jeevacation@gmail.com > wrote: 
are you around today or only monday, 
my colleague is going to visit a few universities in st 
EFTA00989291
--- PAGE 2 ---
petersburg next week, lets try to organize a tour of yours 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989292
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989293

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989294.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 17:24:13 +0000 
number? 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 12:15 PM, A. de Rothschild -4 
I> wrote: 
Yes great better actually 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 18 mai 2014, at 15:18, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
does 7 pm work? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989294

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989295.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Peter Thiel
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 17:25:01 +0000 
or if not conveeninet I will meet you at union square after 8 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 12:09 PM, Peter Thiel < 
> wrote: 
or are you up for dinner tonight? Would Barak be up for joining? 
We could get it at my place (Union Square), have chef make it 
Sent from my iPad 
On May 18, 2014, at 8:07 AM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com<mailtojeevacation@gmail.com>>
wrote: 
Im at 9 east 71 . ehud barak at 1130 am if you woudl like to stop by 
On Fri, May 16, 2014 at 11:54 PM, Peter Thiel < 
wrote: 
Would you be up for dinner on the 19th or 20th? 
Sent from my iPad 
mailto 
>> 
On May 14, 2014, at 10:40 AM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com<mailtojeevacation®gmail.com> 
<mailtojeevacation®gmail.conailtojeevacation@gmail.com>>> wrote: 
I assume we are still on for the 19th new york? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.conailto:jeevacation®gmail.com> 
<mailtojeevacation@gmail.com<mailtojeevacation@gmail.com>>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989295
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<mailtoleevacation@gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989296

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989297.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 17:25:28 +0000 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Sun, May 18, 2014 at 11:47 AM 
Subject: Re: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com>
I'm free after 10:30. Are you back in New York? 
Thank you very very very much! 
Sent from my iPad 
On 18 May 2014, at 07:27 am, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
what is your schedule tomorw. monday. I want to give you some money 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00989297
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989298

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989299.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Fire Drill 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 17:28:55 +0000 
Attachments: UST-Black_Estate_Planning_Overview_as_of 04-16-14_(Dated_5.16.14).pdf 
Forwarded message  
From: Ada Clapp 
Date: Fri, May 16, 2014 at 1:28 PM 
Subject: Fire Drill 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Eileen Alexanderson 
Cc: "Lawrence Delson 
Jeffrey and Eileen, 
Attached is the Estate Planning Overview prepared by US Trust. I am sending it to you before the broader team 
in case you want to make changes/revisions. Of course, the cash needs pages show one version of how assets 
would be sold to pay estate taxes and can be revised to better reflect the family's wishes in that regard. 
I look forward to receiving your comments. 
Ada Clapp 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Avenue 
Suite 1401 
New York, New York 10022 
Direct Dial: 
Fax: 
Email: 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: Pursuant to IRS regulations, I inform you that any tax advice contained in this 
communication (including attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by any person 
EFTA00989299
--- PAGE 2 ---
or entity for the purposes of (i) avoiding tax related penalties imposed by any governmental tax authority, or (ii) 
proposing, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter discussed herein. I advise you 
to consult with an independent tax advisor on your particular tax circumstances. 
This communication and any attachment is for the intended recipient(s) only and may contain intormation 
that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that further dissemination of this communication and its attachments is prohibited. Please delete all 
copies of this communication and its attachments and notify me immediately that you have received them in 
error. Thank you. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989300

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989301.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 22 Nov 2017 23:55:40 +0000 
THANK you so much for the massage! Went with EL. Going to philharmonic now 
EFTA00989301

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989302.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Jabor Y."
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 17:31:03 +0000 
number? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989302

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989303.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Eva Dubin
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 17:42:43 +0000 
call me again 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989303

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989304.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eva Dubin
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 17:43:17 +0000 
call me 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989304

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989305.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <ieevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 17:43:29 +0000 
did dylan have fun? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989305

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989306.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Joi Ito cal
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 17:45:45 +0000 
Thanks Jeffrey. 
I think he was just busy... 
He said he'd be getting back to you soon on a bunch of stuff including the Austin Hill deal. Reid wants me to get 
involved in that deal too. 
- Joi 
On May 18, 2014, at 10:41 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> a good beginning , i introduced him to ehud barak, . I , having dinner with thiel tonight, Did reid have any 
explanation. 
> On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 1:40 PM, Joi Ito 
wrote: 
> What'd you think? 
> On May 18, 2014, at 10:39 , jeffrey E. leevacation@grnail.com> wrote: 
» 
vincenzo 
>> On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 12:25 PM, Joi Ito cna> 
wrote: 
> > Joe? 
>> 
> Sent from my iPhone 
>> On May 18, 2014, at 6:22, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
>» meeting with joe at 10 . call if you are awake, 
>>> 
>>> 
> » please note 
>>> The information contained in this communication is 
>>> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
>>> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
>» the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
>» JEE 
>>> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
>>> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
>>> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
>>> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
>>> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
>>> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA00989306
--- PAGE 2 ---
>>> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
»--
> please note 
> > The information contained in this communication is 
>> 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
>> 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> > the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
>>JEE 
> > Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> > communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> > and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
>> 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
>> 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> > destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
>> 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> --
> Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
> --
> please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
EFTA00989307

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989308.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 18:02:34 +0000 
tried to call 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989308

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989309.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 18:04:44 +0000 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 2:03 PM, A. de Rothschild <1 
l> wrote: 
Can i pls call you in min. ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 18 mai 2014, at 19:54, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
number 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 12:43 PM, A. de Rothschild <1 
l> wrote: 
Is it a pb if we make it 8:00 ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 18 mai 2014, at 15:18, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
does 7 pm work? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00989309
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989310

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989311.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 18:37:41 +0000 
birthday plan???? 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 12:46 PM, 
wrote: 
Ended up not going to Paris. Woke up with a sore throat this morning and not feeling so well. Wasn't up for the 
long travel day. Thank you for offering the apt and Valdson..hopefully can take up the offer another time. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989311

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989312.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Greg Wyler  
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 18:41:03 +0000 
I think that you have to STEP BACK, you can;t ask for 500 and accept 35. . unless you have no alternative, 
and that does not appear clear yet. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989312

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989313.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 20:42:47 +0000 
yes„ thanks s00000 much 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 3:20 PM, 
wrote: 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Me and my mom just stopped by today to leave you the goodies from Lithuania - homemade bread and 
smoked white cheese which perfectly goes with toasted mom's bread. Hope you enjoy it! 
I still wait for the answer about masterclass. I will definitely let you know as soon as I receive the answer! 
Have a wonderful time and great trip! 
Greetings and best wishes from my mom! 
Kisses, 
-----Original Message-----
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: 18 May 2014 13:23:43 GMT 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Unforrtunatley , I am not availble , have fun and hope to see you when you return, did you get accepted to 
the master class.? 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 8:54 AM, 
Good morning dear Jeffrey, 
Let me know if you will have some time to meet us today. 
Hope to see you!! 
---Original Message----
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: 17 May 2014 08:15:19 GMT 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Email me sun morning 
On Saturday, May 17, 2014, 
Dear Jeffrey, 
How are you? How is your trip going? 
> wrote: 
> wrote: 
EFTA00989313
--- PAGE 2 ---
When will you be back in NY and would you have some time to meet me and my mom? Sunday at 3pm 
we are leaving for couple of days but maybe you would have some free time sometime between 12.00 -
2.30? 
We are looking forward to hearing from you and we would be extremely happy to see you! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00989314
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989315

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989316.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 20:51:00 +0000 
birthday slippers 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 4:46 PM, 
What shoes? 
 l> wrote: 
On May 18, 2014, at 4:43 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gitn> wrote: 
great shoes , great 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989316

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989317.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mohamed Waheed Hassan <1 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Thanks 
Date: Sun, 18 May 2014 22:51:18 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG 
Jeffery, 
Thanks for the meeting today. I am always impressed by how much you find out about Maldives before we meet 
and how many questions you have. Both Jeff and I enjoyed our meeting. Jeff lives here in Manhattan, so please 
call him if you like and he will be happy to come and see you. 
Kindly see if you can help us with the two projects I mentioned. 
The cluster Innareha project will be the next big thing in tourism in Maldives. My friend Didi and I are working 
on this. We are good friends of both Sol and Sultan, so you may discuss with them if you think its useful. We 
have done a financial feasibility study which I can send to you. 
The little island is more like a personal project and I would like to be involved in it. The island is too beautiful to 
be "sold" to just anyone. Appreciate your thoughts on what can be done with it. I am attaching the picture of the 
island. 
Sent from President Waheed's 
EFTA00989317

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989318.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 02:39:58 +0000 
talk to me in the morning 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 9:01 PM, 
wrote: 
there's someone I'd like you to meet - are you able to stop by 
around 2 pm tomorrow? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989318

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989319.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lvjet <a> 
Subject: Re: GIV update 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 02:42:04 +0000 
descent is always smooth, I would rather fly unpressurized when we are climning 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 9:14 PM, Lvjet c 
wrote: 
JefRfrey, 
found an interesting item,. 
while checking the wing anit-ice valves,. we noted the R/H wing ice valve was slow to open, and 
sometimes did not open. when we selected UH wing valve to open, it took 5 seconds,. the R/H valve 
opens in 15 seconds when it worked,. this is original valve. we can tell valve operation with Rise in 
TGT from engine, and drop in PSI in supply duct. at Ground idle the airduct indicates 13psi, when 
you select wing anti-ice valve the psi drops to 6psi, indicating the valve is open. I will research price 
and availably,. its not worth the risk to have the valve changed Monday morning, its about a 6 hour 
change. I can schedule valve change on Saturday in Palm Bch with Gulfstream,. 
I can't say this is our issue, since we have tried, both cowl and wing anti-ice valves during flights,. 
but I did select wing and cowl anti-ice during our decent into Newark on last flight. If this valve is 
remaining partially open, I cant imagine it would cause a vibration. 
tests for tomorrow flight: 
-depart with all to cockpit vents closed. 
-after departure, pull the circuit breaker to SAT/TAS probe air valve, to assure the WOW 
curcuit (Weight On Wheels) is closing this valve. 
-during climb, select wing anti-ice heat 
-during decent, at 12,500ft, select both bleed switches to OFF and fly un-pressurized, we should 
have smooth flight since NO air will be coming into cabin from engines. manually close outflow 
valve. 
thx 
Larry 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989319
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989320

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989321.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
>, 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 03:55:14 +0000 
please give 
600 dollars. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989321

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989322.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 03:56:25 +0000 
tried to call, maybe on my way to airport. details? 
On Sun, May 18, 2014 at 9:01 PM, 
> wrote: 
there's someone I'd like you to meet - are you able to stop by 5 east 57th street around 2 pm tomorrow? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989322

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989323.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 10:07:07 +0000 
12? 
On Mon, May 19, 2014 at 1:05 AM, Boris Nikolic < 
Took a sleeping pill. 
Can you meet any time tmr. 
Either before 1pm or after 6? 
Between 2-6 I have a board mtg at schrodinger 
B 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
> wrote: 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: 5/19/2014 12:34 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
I tried to call 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00989323
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989324

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989325.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Peter Thiel <IMIMI
> 
Subject: That was fun , see you in 3 weeks 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 10:37:05 +0000 
FP Briefing non- classified 
May, 2014 
Article I. 
The National Interest 
Which Road Will Egypt Take? 
Kathryn Alexeeff 
Article 2. 
Now Lebanon 
What Saudi-Iran talks could mean for Lebanon and the 
Legion 
Alex Rowell 
Article 3. 
The Economist 
India's next prime minister: The Modi era begins 
Article 4. 
The Christian Science Monitor 
An India ready to dream big 
Editorial 
Article 5. 
HOrriyet 
Will it be Cyprus' year? 
Yusuf Kanli 
Article 6. 
The National Interest 
Stars Are Aligned for a Solution in Cyprus 
azdil Nami 
EFTA00989325
--- PAGE 2 ---
Article 7 
The diplomat 
China's Instructive Syria Policy 
Adrien Morin 
Article I. 
The National Interest 
Which Road Will Egypt Take? 
Kathryn Al exeeff 
May 19, 2014 -- With Abdul Fattah al-Sisi's official resignation from the 
military and bid for the presidency, the future of Egypt looks murky at best. 
While his victory is highly likely, the question remains—down which path 
will he take Egypt? Al-Sisi's support for the anti-Morsi protesters may 
indicate support for the democratization of Egypt and the will of the 
people. On the other hand, his bid looks like a giant leap backwards for 
Egypt, a return to a military dictatorship. Egypt has several potential paths 
forward under an al-Sisi government, none of which are ideal. 
Unfortunately, Egypt appears to be justifying analysts' worst fears and will 
likely return to a Mubarak-style military autocracy under al-Sisi. 
The first option is a military government that enacts economic and political 
reforms that improve the lives of the citizenry, not just the military or the 
elites. This will lead to a slower evolution toward democracy. On the plus 
side, slower evolution under a stable government would allow structural 
changes to take root, fostering effective institutions and greater stability. 
The negative side is that evolution of this sort would be neither smooth nor 
straightforward. It would come in fits and spurts, punctuated by returns to 
oppression and violence. It would also be extremely slow, and easy for a 
demagogue to reverse. Unfortunately, given Egypt's current situation, 
option one is highly unlikely. Given the high levels of repression and 
EFTA00989326
--- PAGE 3 ---
violence, the only reforms the government will likely enact would involve 
greater centralized power in its hands. Furthermore, there are a myriad of 
ways for a government to pay lip service to democratization without 
actually decreasing its power. Another option is that Egypt becomes stuck 
in a proverbial time loop—repeating the revolution every year or two when 
the government fails to deliver on actual, on-the-ground improvements. 
This would not necessarily make Egypt worse off, but it could further 
weaken the economy as revenue from key industries,  such as tourism, 
continues to decline. It would not improve conditions either, as 
improvements, unfortunately, take longer that the voting public generally 
likes. The potential upshot of this option is that, hopefully, over time, mass 
action would become more and more cohesive and leaders start to emerge 
from the morass. This would bring developed political parties into Egypt's 
political system and potentially, leaders from outside the military and the 
elite as well. This, however, will remain only a temporary option. 
Revolutions, or even mass action, are difficult to maintain over time. 
Moreover, if some improvements, particularly economic improvements, do 
occur, the majority of the country will acquiesce to a nondemocratic 
government. The best example of this is the Chinese government, which 
has managed economic growth without any accompanying political 
liberalization. Eventually, either a government will improve conditions for 
the average Egyptian, or it will become so repressive that mass action 
ceases to be a viable option. The third option is a total crackdown on any 
and all political movements and the return of a repressive and autocratic 
government. The impetus behind this path is the idea that establishing 
stability is the first and foremost priority of the government. If you 
establish stability, the rest will follow. Or, if the government is truly 
cynical, it simply does not care what happens as long as the ruler and his or 
her cronies are taken care of. Right now, it looks as though Egypt has 
chosen to go with option three, the return to repression under military nile. 
The first step for any autocracy is to get a firm grip on the political process, 
weeding out the opposition. This is precisely what has been occurring. 
Massive repression of the Muslim Brotherhood is the most obvious 
example of this process. While there are some legitimate security concerns 
er garding  the Muslim Brotherhood ties to ongoing  violence, banning the 
entire organization and labeling them all as terrorists is like using a 
EFTA00989327
--- PAGE 4 ---
sledgehammer on a nail—overkill and likely to create a mess. It does, 
however, have the benefit of getting the only meaningful political party out 
of the current political scene and that is a key step in political 
consolidation. Other examples of consolidation abound, including harsh 
treatment of dissents and a crackdown on journalists. While Egypt is 
headed down the path of autocracy, this does not suggest the futility of 
change or of promoting democracy in Egypt, nor, say, that the Arab Spring 
was a failure. Autocracy will not be a permanent fix for the factors that 
nourished the Arab Spring. It will work for a while, maybe even a decade, 
but eventually, repression will not be enough, and the demonstrations will 
begin again. A little liberty is a dangerous thing—especially when it bears 
fruit. The Arab Spring in Egypt may not have brought about democracy, 
but that does not mean it failed. Egypt now knows the impact mass action 
can have on its government. They have seen not one, but two governments 
fall as a direct result of protests and popular action. Egypt may be moving 
back toward a military dictatorship, but now the people have a taste of 
liberty. No matter how repressive the military establishment decides to be, 
the genie is out of the bottle. 
Kathryn Alexeeff holds a master's degree in Security Studies from 
Georgetown University and has worked at the Atlantic Council's South 
Asia Center. 
Article 2. 
Now Lebanon 
What Saudi-Iran talks could mean for 
Lebanon and the region 
Alex Rowell 
EFTA00989328
--- PAGE 5 ---
May 16, 2014 -- In a potentially momentous surprise move that could 
herald an alleviation of political and sectarian conflict across the Middle 
East, Saudi Arabian Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal announced on 
Tuesday an invitation to his Iranian counterpart to travel to Riyadh to enter 
negotiations over the rival countries' "differences." 
Saudi and Iran, powerhouses of Sunni and Shiite Islam respectively, 
presently support opposing sides in many of the Middle East's major 
confrontations, and are often seen as having radically divergent and 
competing visions for the future of the region. 
Which is why, in Lebanon — a country where the two powers wield 
extensive influence over their respective allies — the news of a possible 
rapprochement has already sparked confidence that political deadlock on a 
number of key disputes may be resolved, perhaps even defying 
expectations of a presidential vacuum by ushering in a successor to 
President Michel Suleiman in time for the expiry of his term on 25 May. 
"I [now] believe we will have an elected president on the 25th," said MP 
Ahmad Fatfat of the Saudi-supported Future Movement. "That [Prince 
Faisal's] invitation was public means they already agreed on many points 
under the table. That means the negotiations regarding the new president 
have already been done." 
Beyond the elections, Fatfat added the talks would likely also yield wider 
benefits in terms of security and the economy. Earlier this week, Saudi 
lifted what has been described as an "unofficial ban" on its citizens 
traveling to Lebanon, fueling hopes of a boost to the country's struggling 
tourism industry. Saudi analysts concurred that the overall situation in 
Lebanon would likely improve in the near future. 
"I think in Lebanon there is already agreement [between Saudi and Iran]," 
said Jamal Khashoggi, veteran Saudi journalist and former advisor to then-
ambassador Prince Turki al-Faisal. "The agreement in Lebanon is to 
contain the situation." 
In neighboring Syria, however, where Iranian-backed regime forces 
continue to suppress a Saudi-supported armed rebellion, Khashoggi 
EFTA00989329
--- PAGE 6 ---
expects very little to materialize from Saudi-Iranian talks. 
". 
not optimistic," he told NOW. "The Saudis and Iranians are still far 
apart. The Iranians must relinquish their expansionism toward the 
Mediterranean, or we have to give up Syria. And I don't think we can 
afford to give up Syria. And besides, even if we decide to give up Syria, 
the Syrian people are not going to give up Syria." 
"So basically, the Iranians are acting like the Israelis — they want peace, 
and they want to keep the land." 
Other analysts, while conceding any progress would be slow, had 
somewhat more positive forecasts on the Syrian front. 
"[Syria] is a tough one to happen quickly, but at least if they start talking 
then it's a good thing," said Andrew Hammond, policy fellow at the 
European Council on Foreign Relations and author of The Islamic Utopia: 
The Illusion of Reform in Saudi Arabia. 
"Fundamentally, the chances of the Syrian tragedy being brought to an end, 
or the beginning of this disaster being brought to an end, require these two 
countries to come to an agreement [...] They are the keys to the Syrian 
conflict, so they have to start talking, even though it will take a long time." 
Accordingly, with little chance of the two reaching agreement on Syria in 
the immediate future, the talks may in fact focus on other areas of dispute, 
such as Iraq, where a new coalition government is being formed following 
parliamentary elections on 30 April. 
"The other issue is Iraq, now that the election is over and all the horse-
trading is beginning," said Hammond. "I wonder whether that actually may 
have been the main impetus for this invitation." 
Perhaps the most significant changes resulting from Faisal's initiative in 
the long run, however, will pertain to Saudi itself. Having been "shocked," 
as Hammond put it, by the United States' decision to pursue warmer ties 
with Tehran last year, and initially threatening a "major shift" in its 
relations with Washington as a consequence, Riyadh may now be 
EFTA00989330
--- PAGE 7 ---
grudgingly coming to terms with the new order envisaged by President 
Obama. 
"It does suggest there is a potential for them to reassess the situation and 
try and move things forward, find some way of having a new relationship 
with the Iranians, given the fact that the Americans clearly want to move 
forward, and the smaller Gulf states do as well," said Hammond. 
Alex Rowell joined NOW in Beirut as a reporter and blogger in February 
2012. A British citizen, he was raised in Dubai and studied economics in 
London. 
Anicle 3. 
The Economist 
India's next  prime minister: The Modi era 
begins 
May 18th 2014 -- IN THE days since May 16th when Narendra Modi and 
his Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) stormed to victory in India's general 
election much commentary has wrestled with the idea of history. Most 
commentators seem to agree that May 2014 marks an historic moment. 
One reason is the scale of Mr Modi's landslide victory, which scooped up 
282 seats for the BJP and thus an absolute majority in parliament. That is 
first time since 1984 that any party has won a majority for itself. It is also 
the first time ever that a party other than Congress has done so. Conversely, 
the defeat for Congress is far worse than anything in its long history of 
dominating Indian politics: it won fewer than a sixth the seats of its rival, 
getting just 44. In much of north India, the political heartland, Congress 
was wiped out. Some correctly ask if its eventual recovery (assuming that 
EFTA00989331
--- PAGE 8 ---
will happen one day) would require being rid of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty 
that has been at its heart for so long. 
Yet the size of Mr Modi's victory, and Congress's defeat, tells only part of 
the dramatic story. The immense dissatisfaction with Congress was 
undeniable. Voters were unhappy with high inflation, slowing growth, 
weak leadership, corruption and much more. Such voter grumpiness, 
usually summed up as "anti-incumbency", is all but inevitable for a party 
that had been in power for a decade. Yet more has happened here. Take, for 
example, the utter defeat of the Bahujan Samaj Party of Mayawati, the 
Dalit leader in Uttar Pradesh. She was not an incumbent and her party 
managed to collect some 20% of the votes cast in the state. Indeed, after 
the BJP and Congress, it got the most votes nationally of any party in the 
election. Yet it failed to win a single constituency. By contrast the BJP not 
only collected a huge tally of votes but also turned those efficiently into 
seats. With 31% of the national vote-share, they captured nearly 52% of the 
seats in parliament. 
That suggests an important shift in Indian politics. The BJP did 
extraordinarily well because it approached the election in a far more 
professional, strategic and efficient way than its rivals. The methods it 
employed were modern, and the skill at which Mr Modi and his fellow 
leaders conducted their campaigns rivalled the sort of performances put in 
by American presidential contenders (and with similarivantities of money 
to spend). Rahul Gandhi of Congress, in the end, proved to be a hopeless 
amateur, poorly advised without even decent media-management skills or 
the ability to present a strong campaign message. Many regional figures 
proved similarly out of date in their campaigning. The BJP's roadshows 
and rallies, the door-knocking by volunteers, the influence on India's press 
and television channels, the ability to set the agenda of discussion, all went 
to making the election a remarkably one-sided affair. The chief minister of 
Bihar, Nitish Kumar, tendered his resignation on May 17th, after his party 
was flattened by the BJP in the state. (Assam's chief minister, from 
Congress, has also offered to quit.) That was not because of anti-
incumbency—voters in Bihar are happy with the work Mr Kumar has been 
doing—but because the BJP's campaign was vastly superior. 
EFTA00989332
--- PAGE 9 ---
Mr Modi in his first speeches after his victory has sounded magnanimous 
and made the right noises about running the country for all, bringing 
everyone along. He also mentioned, only partly accurately, that the BJP's 
success transcended caste politics and religious appeals. If that were 
entirely true, it would be another reason to call this election result historic. 
In fact the BJP did make some use of caste and religion, as when Mr Modi 
played up his "other backward classes" background while campaigning in 
Uttar Pradesh, or when he criticized Bangladeshi (read: Muslim) 
infiltrators in Assam and West Bengal. It is troubling, too, that the new 
parliament will have the fewest Muslim members of any since 1952, while 
the ruling BJP has not a single Muslim MP among its cohort of 282; 
Muslims are reckoned to comprise at least 14% of the Indian population. 
But largely Mr Modi told the truth: the BJP's manifesto and Mr Modi's 
speeches emphasised economic and development matters. The victory he 
achieved is more the result of his talk of strong government and 
improvements to the material lives of voters than anything else. That is 
encouraging. It suggests that he will now seek to govern in a way that 
encourages economic growth, job creation and better infrastructure, along 
with further reductions in poverty and inflation. Mr Modi has been 
dropping strong hints that he hopes to remain in power not only for the 
current five-year term, but to win re-election and reshape India's economy 
and political landscape. In other words, he is considering his long-term 
prospects by keeping in mind the rise of a powerful new constituency that 
will only gather more influence as the years pass: the young, urban, 
educated and impatient set of voters who aspire for material gains to their 
lives. We argued before that such voters, for whom there is only "one God, 
that is GDP", will increasingly decide the outcome of Indian elections. Mr 
Modi and the BJP look set to corner their support. 
What comes next? On May 20th the BJP will meet, apparently to elect Mr 
Modi formally as their leader. That, apparently, is a precursor to the 
formation of a government which is going to include the immediate allies 
of the party that make up the National Democratic Alliance. It could, too, 
be made from of a wider coalition, since the BJP-if it is to push through 
legislative changes quickly—will need additional help from other parties 
EFTA00989333
--- PAGE 10 ---
that control powerful states, and to win more support in the upper house of 
parliament. 
Unease persists about the role of the Hindu-nationalist right, whose 
footsoldiers undoubtedly helped a great deal in getting BJP candidates 
elected. With Mr Modi having been an activist member in the right-wing 
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) since he was a boy, some on the 
right have expectations that he will pursue an agenda of Hindutva (for 
example getting a temple erected in Ayodhya, or changing the 
constitutional status of Muslim-majority Kashmir). Others look for 
evidence that nationalism of a protectionist variety will have a strong 
influence on Mr Modi's policies. For example over the weekend BJP 
spokesmen have been saying that the party still intends to reverse an 
existing policy that would allow foreign investors to open supermarkets in 
larger cities, and even then only under limited circumstances. 
Mr Modi would be wiser to downplay the influence of both sorts of 
nationalists. To sustain confidence that he can get the economy growing 
faster will require pulling off some difficult feats, not least attracting more 
foreign capital into a host of industries which could include insurance, 
banking, defence and many parts of infrastructure. He needs to send a clear 
message, as he picks ministers and begins to offer policy, that India aspires 
to become strong on the back of economic growth, more international 
trade, deeper global engagement—and not by promoting nationalist 
tendencies at home. He has a decent record of reaching out to other 
countries, notably Japan, in his time as chief minister of Gujarat. Since his 
victory on May 16th he has fielded calls from Barack Obama, David 
Cameron and a host of other global well-wishers eager to engage India 
internationally. Mr Obama for example made clear that India's prime 
minister would be welcome to visit the United States. The Americans in 
particular want a decisive break from an earlier period, when interaction 
with Mr Modi concerned his record in handling communal violence in his 
state in 2002. Mr Modi in other words, by winning so emphatically on May 
16th, appears both to have made history and escaped it. That is no mean 
feat at all. 
EFTA00989334
--- PAGE 11 ---
Article 4. 
The Christian Science Monitor 
An India ready to dream big 
Editorial 
May 18, 2014 --Years before Narendra Modi won this month's election that 
now allows him to become India's next leader, the former tea-stall worker 
asked this question on behalf of the world's second most-populous nation: 
"It is often said that India does not dream big and that is the root cause of 
all our problems. Why can't we dream like China, Europe or America?" 
Note how Mr. Modi compares India to other continental powers. This 
reveals just how much today's 1.25 billion Indians, who are digitally 
hitched to the global flow of ideas, have adopted new views of their 
capacity for progress — not only for India but for themselves. 
During his campaign, Modi tapped into this rising aspiration for India to 
emulate the best in other countries. One in eight voters went to the polls for 
the first time, a sign of the fact that two-thirds of the population is under 
35. He and his Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) promised economic growth, 
clean governance, and decisive leadership, all of which Modi delivered as 
chief minister of Gujarat state — although sometimes too harshly or 
divisively. 
His record and his campaign promises really reflect an India ready to join 
the global community. Voter turnout was a record 66 percent. And the 
electoral results cut across the old divides of caste, rural vs urban, old vs. 
young, poor vs. middle-class. On those measures alone, India has 
surpassed China, which is not even allowed to have elections, and the 
political disunity in Europe and America. 
The BJP's election sweep was achieved in part out of public frustration 
with the long-ruling Congress party. Its corrupt, paternalistic, and dynastic 
EFTA00989335
--- PAGE 12 ---
style no longer fits an India of smart phones and social mobility. More than 
two-thirds of Indians are dissatisfied with their country's direction, 
according to a Pew poll. In throwing off the past, voters have allowed the 
BJP to rule with a clear majority in the lower house of parliament. Such a 
feat was achieved only once before, in 1984, after the assassination of 
Indira Gandhi boosted the Congress party in an election. 
As prime minister, Modi must not forget he is riding an awakening of 
Indian expectations as much as leading them. His checkered past as a 
Hindu nationalist, and in sometimes treating India's Muslims as less than 
citizens, cannot color his leadership in a constitutional democracy. 
Religion, including Hinduism and Islam, can help Indians define their 
individual identity. But in a country of such size and diversity, one that is 
home to a third of the world's poor, only secular rule can ensure the unity 
needed to fulfill people's collective hopes. 
"India has won," Modi tweeted after his victory. This apparent humility 
may serve him well in preventing an overreach of his powers. India does 
not need big-man style rule now that a historic election has shown Indians 
are ready to dream big. 
Article 5. 
Hiirriyet 
Will it be Cyprus' year? 
Yusuf Kanli 
May 2014 -- The highlight of the one-day trip to North Cyprus by 
Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoau might best be his bold declaration that 
time has come to end the 50-year-old Cyprus problem. Can there be 
relevance between the age and the time for the resolution of a problem? 
Obviously not, but a minister expressing conviction that time has come to 
end a problem carries incredible importance and naturally boosts 
EFTA00989336
--- PAGE 13 ---
expectations to that end. 
Is it really the high time, best opportunity, right moment, last chance or 
whatever for a Cyprus deal? All through the past many decades, somehow 
many prominent and otherwise effective personalities, including not only 
Davutoglu and people of his caliber, but many premiers, presidents and at 
least every American leader since George Bush Sr. have declared many of 
the past years as the "Cyprus year" but that Cyprus year never came... 
Will it come this time? Sure... the Cyprus problem could easily be 
resolved if the two sides on the island ever develop sufficient political will; 
prepare their respective societies to be receptive to a painful compromise 
and international actors stop paying lip service to the idea of a resolution, 
but instead genuinely support a resolution. 
Do the two sides on Cyprus have political will? Does Turkey want a 
settlement? Is Greece prepared for a deal that might trigger a larger deal 
with Turkey over the Aegean and Thrace issues? Of these questions only 
one element is affirmative; Turkish Cypriots want a settlement. In 2004, 
they not only demonstrated simultaneous referenda, but repeated polls have 
shown since then that the pro-settlement resolve of Turkish Cypriots is 
over 65 percent. Greek Cypriots? Polls show a decreasing 41 percent are 
receptive to the idea of resolution, less than 30 want federation. Officially, 
both Greece and Turkey support a compromise deal on Cyprus. How 
sincere are they? Last time, in 2004, despite all of the pledges made before, 
Greece eventually could not support a plan for resolution. Will it support a 
compromise deal this time? Let us hope it will. Turkey will support any 
deal supported by Turkish Cypriots, provided it somehow maintains a 
presence on the island. Why should it not, after all, if Britain, a country far 
away, has two sovereign bases just because it was the previous colonial 
power? Was it not Turkey that leased the island to Greece? 
International actors all keep on vowing to support a deal on Cyprus. Why 
would the British want a settlement knowing that despite the recent 
agreement it signed in haste with the Greek Cypriots, British bases on 
Cyprus will be the next and joint target for all Cypriots if ever they resolve 
their bilateral quagmire? Russians would not want a resolution either. Why 
should they? To upset their peculiar position as the major energy supplier 
of Europe, (particularly) to Germany? Or to render life even more difficult 
to the Russian population and collaborators engaged in bleaching business? 
EFTA00989337
--- PAGE 14 ---
Why would Americans support a compromise deal if they benefit more 
from the British bases on the divided Cyprus? The upcoming visit of 
American Vice President Joe Biden this week and the anticipated visit to 
the island within weeks by Secretary of State John Kerry of course 
demonstrate an interest in the Cyprus problem. A visit by a U.S. vice 
president — the first in 52 years — of course will be meaningful. 
Plans to ease European energy dependency on Russia might play a role for 
an accelerated demand for a Cyprus deal push. Don't the Americans know 
better than anyone else a Cyprus peace requires engagement in goodwill 
and determination by both sides and of course at least Turkey, if not Turkey 
and Greece together? Why would Greek Cypriots want a resolution as long 
as they enjoy alone the "sole legitimate government" of Cyprus and the 
Turkish Cypriot part of the island is considered only as "areas not under 
the government's control?" 
Yes, Davutoglu may wish to see accelerated peace talks and a commitment 
from Nikos Anastasiades to work for a deal "as soon as possible." In view 
of the latest European Court of Human Rights and these plain realities, can 
that be possible anytime soon? 
Article 6. 
The National Interest 
Stars Are Aligned for a Solution in Cyprus 
Ozdil Nami 
May 19, 2014 -- The Cyprus problem is at a critical juncture as there exists 
a unique opportunity for its solution. If this opportunity is utilized, a united 
Cyprus will be the keystone of a wider area of cooperation and stability in 
the Eastern Mediterranean and beyond. A glance at the issues that are 
affected by or directly resulted from the prolongation of the problem 
clearly highlights the need for an early settlement in Cyprus. 
EFTA00989338
--- PAGE 15 ---
The 50th Year on the UN Agenda 
The Cyprus problem has been on the agenda of the United Nations for half-
a-century. For decades, it has consumed considerable diplomatic and 
political effort, domestic and international alike, but to no avail. As such, it 
has gained a reputation as an intractable and inexorable problem that 
eluded an ultimate settlement. The island of Cyprus, nearly half the size of 
the state of Connecticut, has subsequently become synonymous with 
conflict, despite its nostalgic narrative as a haven of peaceful coexistence. 
Since the drawing of the Green Line in 1963, Nicosia, the Janus-faced 
capital of both North and South Cyprus, remains today as the last divided 
city in Europe and the only divided capital in the world. However, the 
Cyprus problem has to change face and move on from this conundrum 
characterized by a relentlessly enduring state of conflict to an inspirational 
success story of peace. Time is ripe for such a change, especially in view of 
current dynamics that are molding together both on the island and in the 
region. 
Missed Opportunities 
April 24, 2014 marked the 10th anniversary of the referenda held on the 
UN Comprehensive Settlement Plan (the Annan Plan) on both sides of the 
island. This was the first time in the history of Cyprus negotiations that a 
comprehensive settlement document, comprising 9,000 pages, was put to 
separate simultaneous referenda. The Turkish Cypriots accepted the plan 
with an overwhelming majority (65 percent), despite the great sacrifices it 
entailed for them. They did not only vote in favour of a solution, but also 
for moving beyond the traumatic past and building a common future within 
the EU through a new partnership with Greek Cypriots. Unfortunately, the 
Plan failed due to the resounding 'no' vote (76 percent) of the Greek 
Cypriots. Nevertheless, the Turkish Cypriot aspiration for a solution has 
prevailed even in the face of deep frustration ensuing the Greek Cypriot 
rejection of the Annan Plan and the continued isolation imposed on Turkish 
Cypriots in all aspects of life. The fact that they have been left out in the 
cold, while the Greek Cypriot side has unilaterally become a member of 
the EU, did not change the Turkish Cypriots' resolve for settlement. Yet, it 
further complicated the prospects of reconciliation on the island. 
EFTA00989339
--- PAGE 16 ---
Thriving Opportunities from Within 
Against this background, the Turkish Cypriot side has intensified its 
endeavors to overcome this crisis of confidence and engaged sincerely with 
the Greek Cypriot side for the preparation of the ground for a new 
dialogue. Subsequently, the two sides were able to initiate a series of 
agreements in early 2008, which paved the way for the resumption of full-
fledged negotiations after a four-year stalemate. Since then, intermittent 
negotiations have been underway, with significant progress attained on the 
majority of the chapters of the Cyprus problem as a result of the intensive 
efforts put forward by the two sides in reaching convergences. 
Furthermore, with the recent agreement on the Joint Declaration of 
February 11, 2014, an important milestone in the negotiations has been 
reached, which clearly provides for the broad outline of a solution and the 
main principles upon which the new partnership will be established. 
Hence, the announcement of the Joint Declaration triggered a very positive 
atmosphere that was further fostered by the support of a wide spectrum of 
actors on both sides as well as the extensive espousal received by the 
international community. 
The Far-Reaching Consequences of the Problem 
In light of this promising political climate on the island, combined with the 
existence of some external factors that are currently at play, there is an 
historic opportunity that should not be missed in bringing the long-overdue 
Cyprus problem to a closure. The recent developments in our region 
strongly signal a pressing need in this direction. It is beyond doubt that the 
Cyprus problem holds back the potential of cooperation in a broader 
context. Since its conception, the relations between Turkey and Greece 
have been negatively affected by it. A full-scale rapprochement between 
the two countries has been held hostage to the chronic status quo on the 
island. In the course of time, this has been exploited as an excuse to oppose 
Turkey's bid for EU membership through the blocking of some chapters in 
her accession talks. EU-NATO strategic cooperation has also been 
hampered in a similar fashion due to the non-existence of diplomatic 
relations between South Cyprus and Turkey. As a NATO member, Turkey 
has proven to be an indispensable strategic partner of the Transatlantic 
EFTA00989340
--- PAGE 17 ---
cooperation since the inception of the Cold War. Although a NATO 
Council decision in late 2002 enabled the participation of the non-EU 
members of NATO in the European Security and Defense Policy (ESDP), 
the Greek Cypriot side has been blocking Turkey's involvement both in the 
ESDP and her prospective membership in the European Defense Agency 
(EDA). As a result, no meaningful dialogue can practically be established 
between the EU and NATO, creating a situation whereby the Cyprus 
problem is literally obstructing the deepening of the EU-NATO strategic 
relations. The current crisis in Ukraine clearly highlighted, once again, the 
need for closer cooperation between the two institutions. 
External Dynamics Necessitating a Settlement 
The crisis in Ukraine also brings forward the necessity of alternative 
energy supplies en route to Europe. Recently, the island of Cyprus has 
driven considerable attention as a result of the newly found energy reserves 
in the Eastern Mediterranean. Common sense dictates that Turkish 
Cypriots and Greek Cypriots, together with neighboring countries, adopt a 
win-win approach and share the benefits of the natural resources of the 
region on an equitable basis. Such cooperation and the resulting 
interdependency could only bring much needed stability and prosperity to 
the region and help restore the ties between Turkey and Israel. 
The Promise of a Solution 
Cyprus lies at a strategic crossroads between the East and the West. 
However, as all these developments indicate, the island's full potential can 
only be utilized with the solution of the Cyprus problem. A solution will 
not only provide for peace on the island, but will also prompt a wave of 
cooperation in its wider region. Therefore, all relevant actors, including the 
two sides on the island, should act in a spirit of good-will and compromise 
in bringing an end to this half-century-old problem. The Turkish Cypriot 
side is ready to do its utmost in this regard, with a view to realizing the 
island's destiny to become a hub for peace and stability rather than a source 
of conflict and tension. 
EFTA00989341
--- PAGE 18 ---
Ozdil Nami is the Minister of Foreign Affairs for the Turkish Republic of 
Northern Cyprus. 
Ankle 7.
The diplomat 
China's Instructive Syria Policy 
Adrien Morin 
May 18, 2014 -- The crisis in Syria erupted early in 2011 as part of the 
Arab Spring and worsened as the year went on. A first draft resolution to 
intervene in Syria was proposed by France, Germany, Portugal and the 
U.K., on October 4. This proposal was vetoed by Russia and China, 
marking the start of a long diplomatic impasse with Moscow and Beijing 
on one side and the Western powers on the other. China and Russia would 
later veto two more draft UN resolutions. Three years after the clashes in 
Syria began, and with the civil war now being supplanted in media 
headlines, it is worth reviewing Chinese policy. Has Beijing purposefully 
been more assertive toward Western powers, and the U.S. in particular? 
Western Concerns 
Chinese foreign policy worries the West on a number of fronts. One 
concern is the formation of a "united front" of China and Russia, to oppose 
Western goals. Certainly, China and Russia have together vetoed draft 
resolutions supported by the three other permanent members of the 
Security Council. The world has meanwhile witnessed China's impressive 
rise in recent decades as well as Russia's attempts to return to Great Power 
status. Perhaps an anti-Western alliance of those two actors could indeed 
challenge the U.S. and its allies. In the meantime, the West finds itself 
frustrated by Chinese foreign policy pragmatism, or as the critics would 
have it, the absence of values. This is de facto incompatible with Western 
moral ideals, which invoke human rights or other ethical arguments. 
EFTA00989342
--- PAGE 19 ---
Chinese realpolitik is seen as amoral, if not immoral. Chinese policy is also 
not up for domestic debate — a lack of transparency and little civic 
engagement make sure of that. Those who fear that Chinese foreign policy 
is driven by the intent of challenging (and eventually supplanting) the West 
would view Beijing's support for the Syrian regime as ideological. This 
concern rises as China becomes more popular in the Middle East. Mostafa 
Kamel, a member of the Egyptian Foreign Ministry, "expressed admiration 
for China's position and proposition on the Syrian issue and said that Egypt 
is willing to strengthen communications and coordination with China on 
the issue." Could the influence of Western powers in the region be 
weakened, for the benefit of China? All these concerns come back to one 
issue: China's new role within the international community. As a new — and 
still growing — power, some observers fear that China may soon have the 
ability to challenge and threaten the Western liberal model that has 
dominated international organizations since the end of the Cold War. 
The Reality 
These concerns are misplaced. First, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) 
has a high level of suspicion toward Western proposals at the international 
level and within the executive organs of the United Nations in particular. 
China seems to view the UN as a potential tool to oppose what it considers 
Western interventionist policies around the world, and it is clear that the 
Chinese government was greatly disappointed when the United States and 
its allies acted on their own to impose, by force, a regime change in Iraq in 
2003. The frustration was even greater during the Libyan crisis that ended 
with the overthrow and execution of former leader Muammar Gaddafi. 
Indeed, from Beijing's perspective, resolution 1973 of the United Nations 
seeking to impose a no-fly zone in Libya did not give any foreign power 
the right to intervene militarily on Libyan territory and against the Libyan 
regime. Beijing learned a lesson. The second element may be more 
important: Beijing's stance on the Syrian crisis is consistent with China's 
long-term foreign policy and its fundamental principles. The basis of 
Chinese foreign policy is articulated in the Five Principles of Peaceful 
Coexistence, enunciated by Zhou Enlai in 1954: 1) mutual respect for 
sovereignty and territorial integrity; 2) mutual non-aggression; 3) non-
interference in each other's internal affairs; 4) equality and mutual benefit; 
EFTA00989343
--- PAGE 20 ---
and 5) peaceful coexistence in developing diplomatic relations and 
economic and cultural exchanges with other countries. 
Since the opening of the country under Deng Xiaoping in 1978, Chinese 
foreign policy can be more generally characterized as pragmatic. 
Pragmatism and the five principles are the key to understanding China's 
response to the Syrian crisis and indeed its general approach to foreign 
relations. This model excludes moral or ethical arguments from the 
practice of foreign policy, and as such is antithetical to Western ideals, 
which raises questions, misunderstandings, and fears among the Western 
powers as China emerges a major world power. The notion of peaceful 
development is also important, and is central to Xi Jinping's 
administration. This concept means that China seeks peaceful relations 
with other members of the international community to establish fruitful 
economic relations that will serve Chinese development goals. To achieve 
this goal, China needs a stable environment. The concept of peaceful 
development means, according to Xi Jinping, that "China will never seek 
hegemony or expansion." 
Although Western powers may not approve of the "Chinese Model," it 
does explain Chinese policy on the Syrian crisis. 
It is also worth noting the influence of China's domestic situation on 
Chinese policy in Syria. Beijing cannot legitimize any insurrection abroad, 
as it has to deal domestically with separatist issues (such as in Tibet, 
Xinjiang, or Inner Mongolia.). To show that domestic considerations can 
logically obliterate considerations of human rights, George Abu Ahmad, 
taking domestic policies of Iran, Russia or China as an example, explains 
that "the exceptional decision to attack the population is, therefore, not 
only a sovereign right of the twentieth-century state, but the paramount 
right that guarantees a state's integrity." This perspective helps us to 
understand the way in which China may have internalized the causes of the 
Syrian crisis in the context of its own domestic separatist issues and thus 
cannot provide any legitimacy to an insurrection abroad. 
A final point to make is China's inability and unwillingness to take on a 
"superpower" role within the international community. China has no 
experience being a political leader on the international stage, and as a result 
EFTA00989344
--- PAGE 21 ---
has mostly abstained in the Security Council on any draft resolution that 
did not directly affect its own domestic situation. Nor does it like to take 
any strong stances that could lead to diplomatic clashes with a major 
power, especially the U.S. It seems improbable, given the record of 
Chinese positions in the UN, that China would have opposed the Western 
resolutions on Syria without the support of Russia. 
The South China Sea, the Senkaku/Diaoyu, and the ADIZ 
Some may argue that China is clearly adopting a more assertive policy in 
East Asia — using the South China Sea, the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands 
dispute, or the Air Defense Identification Zone as examples. However, 
there is a difference, and this has to do with the "sphere of influence" of 
China and, more specifically, with the sovereignty and integrity of Chinese 
national territory (as Beijing defines it). For the CCP, the Syrian crisis is a 
"pure" foreign policy issue, as the Chinese government has no territorial 
claim in Syria or in the Middle East in general. On the other hand, Beijing 
has always considered the South China Sea and the Senkaku/Diaoyu 
islands as part of its sphere of influence and by vigorously defending its 
claims on those territorial disputes, the CCP purports to do nothing but 
protect its territorial integrity. It's arguable that this concern with territory 
has been the very first priority of China throughout its history. The debate 
over the East China Sea ADIZ, which China established in November, can 
also be related to the territorial integrity of the Middle Kingdom. However, 
Western criticisms should be balanced against the knowledge that the 
ADIZ is an American invention (1950), which South Korea (1951) and 
Japan (1969) adopted long before China did. At any rate, the South China 
Sea, the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands, and the ADIZ issues are domestic issues 
for the CCP, rather than "pure" foreign policy matters. 
This article doesn't seek to take a normative position. Rather, the point is 
that in the Syrian crisis China has followed a consistent foreign policy, in 
line with its principles and traditions. The outcome of this policy may not 
satisfy many Western actors, but that is not enough to accuse China of 
following a more assertive foreign policy toward Western powers and the 
U.S. in particular. Of course, the new status of China in the international 
community allows it to make its voice heard, instead of the silence that 
EFTA00989345
--- PAGE 22 ---
may have prevailed before its economic arrival. But the considerations of 
the CCP as it formulates its foreign policy have remained the same since 
the creation of the PRC. In the future, China is likely to be more capable of 
achieving its goals in its "domestic" Northeast Asian claims, but there is no 
evidence showing that the CCP is purposefully becoming more assertive in 
its foreign policy towards the West. 
Napoleon said two-hundred years ago that, when China wakes "she will 
shake the world." It may not be time to start shaking yet. 
Adrien Morin is a postgraduate student of International Affairs at Peking 
University. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989346

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989347.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal <1 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 10:55:16 +0000 
lawyer never called. 2. when do you return 3. does your office have the dvd hotel budpsest? 4. week of June 
antying amusing 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989347

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989348.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To:
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 10:59:00 +0000 
woody said that in jly he will be able to use you as an extra in a couple of scenes. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989348

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989349.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 11:00:20 +0000 
boris at 12 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989349

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989350.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 12:01:06 +0000 
neither 
On Mon, May 19, 2014 at 7:33 AM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Snacks or lunch? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 19, 2014, at 7:00 AM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
boris at 12 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989350

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989351.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez < 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 12:46:54 +0000 
have marian drive and meet me at airport on landing, does anyone need anyting from new york 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989351

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989352.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 12:49:37 +0000 
geny edelman , when? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989352

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989353.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" <1 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 12:50:31 +0000 
sorry had to rush off yesterday, thank you for offering to come if needed , its greatly appreciated 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989353

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989354.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Amy Cassell
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 12:51:00 +0000 
thoughts? .. please allow me to reimburse your trip. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989354

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989355.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Jes Staley 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 14:39:21 +0000 
yes 
On Mon, May 19, 2014 at 10:04 AM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Jes Staley and his wife would like to attend the Woody Allen screening on Wed., but want to bring their 
daughter Alexa and mother in law...We have room for 2 more and can add them (total of 9 seats)! Ok to tell 
Jes yes to his party of 4 attendees? 
Eva 
Glenn 
Brad Karp 
David Karp 
Meredith Karp 
Jes 
Jes wife 
Jes daughter, Alexa 
Jes Mother In Law 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989355

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989356.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 17:02:34 +0000 
you need to meet 
to get your money please coordinate 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989356

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989357.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 01:58:16 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2015-09-01_at_3.56.06_PM.png 
Inline image 1 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989357
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989358

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989359.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 01:58:34 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2015-09-01_at_3.56.06_PM.png 
Inline image 1 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989359
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989360

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989361.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: St Thomas Jet Center 
Date: Mon, 19 May 2014 20:48:27 +0000 
Attachments: SHBRK_Scann14051916160.pdf 
Your 400,000 projection was excellent!! 
Attached are totals for period 2009 - 2013 = 376,613 
Once we factor in 2014 expenses we will be at 400,000.. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From:  
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
Date: Ma 19, 2014 at 4:16:39 PM EDT 
To: 
Reply-To: 
EFTA00989361

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989362.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Greg Wyler
Subject: Re: give me a call 
Date: Tue, 20 May 2014 02:35:24 +0000 
silly , its a trap. if the value is high they will offer a low percentage if it is low they will jusify their shitty offer 
On Mon, May 19, 2014 at 9:37 PM, Greg Wyler 
wrote: 
My friends want to buy this out this week. We verbally agreed to get a banker/advisor with telecom experience to give 
us some fair opinions. This is why I am in NYC. 
Planning on seeing TAP Advisors — a bunch of x UBS folks and also JPM if we can work out a time. 
Suggestions? 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacatioragmail.com]
Sent: Monday, May 19, 2014 5:46 PM 
To: Greg Wyler 
Subject: Re: give me a call 
no ,island 
On Mon, May 19, 2014 at 8:38 PM, Greg Wyler ctl 
> wrote: 
I am on a flight to NYC. Are you there? 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailtmjeevacationegmail.com]
Sent: Monday, May 19, 2014 5:28 PM 
To: Greg Wyler 
Subject: Re: give me a call 
I tiried to call 
On Mon, May 19, 2014 at 5:24 PM, Greg Wyler ctl 
l> wrote: 
EFTA00989362
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeN
licm@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeeN
licm@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989363
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989364

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989365.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 02:47:39 +0000 
can jordan send me some questions so my answers may be more thoughtful than merely off the cuff 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989365

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989366.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: lawrence delson
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Tue, 20 May 2014 11:38:57 +0000 
want to go? 
Forwarded message  
From: David Stern  
Date: Tue, May 20, 2014 at 7:19 AM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Dinner in London on June 2 with leaders of most Chinese regional banks. 
Anyone you want me to try to invite? 
Chairman 
China Minsheng Banking Corporation Ltd 
Taishin International Bank 
Chairman 
Chairman 
Harbin Bank 
Chairman 
Guangdong Nanyue Bank 
Chairman 
Jincheng City Commercial Bank 
Chairman 
Zhejiang Mintai commercial bank 
Chairman 
Bank of Qingdao 
Chairman 
Bank of Nanchang 
Chairman 
Bank of Gansu 
Chairman 
Zhangjiakou City Commercial Bank 
Chairman 
Bank of Heibei 
Chairman 
Bank of Weifang 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Chairman 
Weihai City Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. 
Bank of Jilin 
Chairman 
Guangzhou Rural Commercial Bank 
Chairman 
Bank of Suzhou 
Chairman 
Bank of Qinghai 
President 
Anxin Trust & Investment Company 
Chairman 
Zhongtai Trust 
Chairman 
Bank of Guizhou 
Chairman 
Guangxi Beibuwan bank 
Chairman 
Baoshang bank 
please note 
EFTA00989366
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989367

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989368.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989368.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 03:07:52 +0000 
So handsome !!! 
Today?? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 22, 2017, at 8:58 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
<Screen Shot 2015-09-01 at 3.56.06 PM.png> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989368

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989369.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 20 May 2014 12:30:45 +0000 
pelase get maiana doctoro to give us a correct password 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989369

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989370.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 20 May 2014 12:44:40 +0000 
Dr Fallahpoor emailed me back this morning saying once he gets to office he will print, scan and email the doc 
unsecured. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 20, 2014, at 8:30 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
pelase get maiana doctoro to give us a correct password 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989370

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989371.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Valeria Chomsky
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Jeffrey, confidential 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 04:27:52 +0000 
Please keep this confidential. 
I am getting very concerned about how all this is going to affect Noam. They don't seem to be willing to allow 
any changes (not even for tax payments). It seems to be also a question of control at least in approving or 
disapproving our expenses, something that Noam doesn't want and doesn't allow, as well as I don't. It is a 
complete inversion of roles. They think the money is theirs and not Noam's and they have to make the 
decisions. They are never going to feel comfortable approving anyone that doesn't respond directly to them. 
And the whole situation is very sad to Noam. Not fair at all. Surreal. 
Forwarded message 
From: Noam Chomsky  
Date: Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 11:00 PM 
Subject: Fwd: Marital Trusts 
To: Valeria Chomsky
Forwarded message 
From: Diana Chomsky  
Date: Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 6:33 PM 
Subject: Re: Marital Trusts 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Cc: Avi Chomsky 
, Harry Chomsky
Dear Doddoy, 
We were so saddened to hear about Ed Herman. What a terrible loss. 
We understand that you want to live with comfort and financial security. We want that for you as well. 
If you want to discuss Max stepping down as Trustee, Harry would need to meet with you to discuss that. From our past experience, it's 
clear that a professional mediator would be needed at this meeting. 
At this point we don't feel comfortable approving Richard Kahn to replace Max as Trustee. 
Love, Avi, Diane and Harry 
From 
Noam Chomsky
To. 
Avi Chomsky 
, Diana Chomsky 
Harry Chomsky 
Date: 
20/1112017 21:52 
Subject: 
Marital Trusts 
EFTA00989371
--- PAGE 2 ---
Back from Mexico, and there's some business I'd like to take care of. 
I would like to arrange for Max to step down as trustee of the marital trusts. All that this requires is that each of 
you authorize him to do so. I've explained some of the reasons. There are others. In general, I want to make a 
clean break from what has been happening for the past few years. I would then like to appoint Richard Kahn as 
Trustee. As you know, he is the financial advisor/accountant I have been working with, extremely competent 
and trustworthy. 
I hope this can be done quickly and expeditiously. 
In brief, I've worked hard all my life and have managed to set aside funds to ensure your security and the 
security of your children -- the two houses, trusts, in substantial sums. Valeria and I are very happy together. I 
think I now have the right to live the rest of my life in peace and tranquility, without constant financial concerns, 
in fact like everyone else I know 
Those who remain. You have perhaps heard that my old friend Ed Herman died a few days ago. 
D 
Oxfam works with others to overcome poverty and suffering 
Oxfam GB is a member of Oxfam International and a company limited by guarantee registered in England No. 612172. 
Registered office: Oxfam House, John Smith Drive, Cowley, Oxford, OX4 2JY. 
A registered charity in England and Wales (no 202918) and Scotland (SC 039042) 
EFTA00989372

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989373.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild" 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 04 May 2014 18:25:26 +0000 
ok, I assume tomoorw does not work. no problem 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989373

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989374.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989374.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Shaher Abdulhak
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 04 May 2014 19:02:10 +0000 
nice seeing you „ i hope i dodnt insult you by eating ham?! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989374

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989375.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Flight from Paris to NY-Options 
Date: Sun, 04 May 2014 19:11:29 +0000 
is tues 8am avaible first class. book the 2pm tues if not/ also check monday night 710. 
On Sun, May 4, 2014 at 3:41 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
The 8:20am flight from Paris to NY on Wed. May 7th is Biz seats only. Bulk head is not available. Center in 
row 2,3,5,6,7 are available. The seats are a 1 seat, 2 middle seats, 1 seat configuration. They are angle lay flat 
seats. 61" pitch 21" width. 
Wed. May 7th the 10:35am, 2pm, 4:50pm are sold out of First Class seats. The 7:10pm flight has 2 first class 
seats but the class of service you need is not available. 
Thes. May 6th there are 2 first class seats on the 2pm flight (arrives JFK at 4:15pm) IA and 2A are available 
in First. The 4:am and 7:10pm only have one seat left in first (which you can't do because you are holding 2 
for 1 seats and 
needs a first class seat also) 
You are currently holding seats on the 2pm flight on Thurs. May 8th. the 10:35am flight on May 8th is now 
available with 2 first class seats left. 
Please advise. 
On May 4, 2014, at 6:01 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
check to see if wed morning 8 am is avaibel back to ny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989375
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989376

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989377.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mark Lloyd
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 04 May 2014 20:31:15 +0000 
Might you be in London next weekend? 
Sent from my iPad 
On 11 Feb 2014, at 19:58, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
paris 
On Tue, Feb 11, 2014 at 8:46 PM, Mark Lloyd < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
I'm in Miami and am driving to PB tomorrow to have lunch with Kate Ford. Are you about? If so, would love 
to drop by. 
As ever, 
Mark 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989377

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989378.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mark Lloyd 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 04 May 2014 20:45:54 +0000 
no. im in paris today ny wed you? why? 
On Sun, May 4, 2014 at 10:31 PM, Mark Lloyd < 
> wrote: 
Might you be in London next weekend? 
Sent from my iPad 
On 11 Feb 2014, at 19:58, Jeffrey Epstein <jetialw*gmail.com> wrote: 
paris 
On Tue, Feb 11, 2014 at 8:46 PM, Mark Lloyd < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
I'm in Miami and am driving to PB tomorrow to have lunch with Kate Ford. Are you about? If so, would 
love to drop by. 
As ever, 
Mark 
***************** 
********** 
****** ********** 
**************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00989378
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989379

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989380.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" leevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 05:15:29 +0000 
1,91,9 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
On Nov 22, 2017, at 9:47 PM, "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
can Jordan send me some questions so my answers may be more thoughtful than merely off the cuff 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989380

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989381.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 04 May 2014 21:18:34 +0000 
free? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989381

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989382.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Mark Lloyd ca 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sun, 04 May 2014 21:21:27 +0000 
Thank you! Hope all is well with you. See you soon! 
On 4 May 2014, at 22:18, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gtn> wrote: 
shame happy brithday 
On Sun, May 4, 2014 at 11:15 PM, Mark Lloyd 
> wrote: 
My 60th birthday on Saturday. It would have been nice to see you. 
Sent from my iPad 
On 4 May 2014, at 21:45, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
no. im in paris today ny wed you? why? 
On Sun, May 4, 2014 at 10:31 PM, Mark Lloyd <e 
wrote: 
Might you be in London next weekend? 
Sent from my iPad 
On 11 Feb 2014, at 19:58, Jeffrey Epstein leevacationlygmail.com> wrote: 
paris 
On Tue, Feb 11, 2014 at 8:46 PM, Mark Lloyd < 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
I'm in Miami and am driving to PB tomorrow to have lunch with Kate Ford. Are you about? If so, 
would love to drop by. 
As ever, 
Mark 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00989382
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989383

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989384.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff <1 
Subject: 
Date: Sun, 04 May 2014 21:23:38 +0000 
air France is giving us different info on availbity , call them directly 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989384

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989385.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Richard Kahn 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Amex 
Date: Sun, 04 May 2014 21:50:08 +0000 
Spoke with american express travel and they were not so helpful or understanding 
They said that we can pursue two routes: 
1. request an investigation into what went wrong which will take 6-8 weeks 
2. request compensation for poor service — ticket cost was $18,022.60 and companion ticket was $1045.60 
Please advise if I should pursue compensation claim and if so what amount 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sat, 3 May 2014 19:40:59 +0200 
To: Richard Kahn 
Subject: Re: 
travel 
On Sat, May 3, 2014 at 7:40 PM, Richard Kahn 
Ok 
Issues on flights only or is there also issues with issues with credit cards? 
wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Sat, 3 May 2014 19:25:01 +0200 
To: Richard Kahn 
amex has been very very bad, lets call supervisor. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989385
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989386

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989387.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "COLOM, Olivier"
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 09:29:48 +0000 
time/? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989387

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989388.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: PHILIPPE LAZNOWSKI < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 10:59:59 +0000 
Attachments: PastedGraphic-6.tiff 
< 
would you like to come by around 1830? 
On Fri, May 2, 2014 at 3:14 PM, PHILIPPE LAZNOWSKI < 
> wrote: 
ok i'll do so 
Le 2 mai 2014 a 15:I I, jeffrey E. <jcevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
antiquated 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989388

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989389.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
>, 
Subject: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 11:03:36 +0000 
lets have mariana sunday flight leave after 12 so that she can go to chuch in the morning 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989389

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989390.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "A. de Rothschild"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 11:06:31 +0000 
great, yes, thanks, I will return to new york tomorw morning.. 
what number to call you on? 
On Mon, May 5, 2014 at 1:03 PM, A. de Rothschild < 
> wrote: 
Yes . 3:15 good for you? 
Do you want to meet pierre yves Rochon today so he gets a better feel for the type of decorator you wish to 
hire ? Around/ After 7 pm? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 5 mai 2014, at 11:52, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
can we speak after 3 today. ? 
On Mon, May 5, 2014 at 9:56 AM, A. de Rothschild <1 
l> wrote: 
Today is difficult for me as i had a long planned meeting with a client . 
But i really don t have a problem coming over tomorrow . We should do things for you and your houses if 
you wish . I have to speak today to Pierre Yves Rochon - the decorator and will let you know 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 4 mai 2014, at 20:25, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ok, I assume tomoorw does not work. no problem 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989390
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989391

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989392.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@,gmail.com> 
To: ROMERAL Stella <sromeralgbper.ch> 
Subject: Re: Meeting with Mr. Pierre-Yves Rochon 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 11:50:39 +0000 
Yes apt 2dd. Code 2512 
On Monday, May 5, 2014, ROMERAL Stella <sromeral(iubper.ch> wrote: 
Dear Mr. Epstein, 
Mrs. Rothschild has asked me to confirm an appointment between you and Pierre-Yves Rochon this 
evening at 7:00 PM. 
Before that, could you please confirm that the venue is 22 avenue Foch in Paris? 
Thank you in advance. 
With my very best regards, 
Stella Romeral 
Personal Assistant to the Baroness Arlene de Rothschild 
18, rue de Hesse 
1204 GenOve - Suisse 
TO1: +41 58 818 95 02 
Fax: +41 58 818 91 16 
Based on e-mail exchanges with you up until now or under past agreements. we believe we are entitled to contact you by unsecured e-mail. 
E-mail entails considerable risks: Internet communications cannot be guaranteed to be confidential, secure or error-free as information could be 
intercepted. corrupted, lost, arrive late or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the context of this 
message which arise as a result of Internet transmission. 
Unless otherwise stipulated herein. any opinions contained in this message are those of the author and are not given or endorsed by the company 
through which this message is sent. 
Nothing in this message or in its attachments should be construed as a solicitation or offer, or recommendation. to acquire or dispose of any investment 
or to engage in any other transaction. 
No order. order revocation. blocking order or any other bank order shall be accepted by electronic medium and we do not deem ourselves under any 
obligation either to refuse such orders expressly or to act upon them in any manner. 
EFTA00989392
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989393

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989394.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jes Staley
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 12:42:44 —0000 
Attachments: photo.JPG 
Forwarded message 
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem  
Date: Monday, May 5, 2014 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989394

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989395.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Laznowski Philippe
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 12:43:02 +0000 
2512.2dd 
On Monday, May 5, 2014, Laznowski Philippe < 
wrote: 
Ok fine for me 
Is there a code ? Name on the intercom ? 
Philippe Laznowski 
Technolo ies 
75008 Paris 
Le 5 mai 2014 A 12:59, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> a ecrit : 
would you like to come by around 1830? 22 foch 
On Fri, May 2, 2014 at 3:14 PM, PHILIPPE LAZNOWSKI 
wrote: 
ok i'll do so 
<PastedGraphic-6.tiff> 
Le 2 mai 2014 A 15:11, Jeffrey E. lea®gmail.com>  a ecrit : 
antiquated 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989395
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989396

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989397.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Mon, 05 May 2014 13:03:49 , 0000 
Yes 
On Monday, May 5, 2014, 
wrote: 
Can I takes away from the clean up at 71st to clean 
apartment? 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989397

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989398.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 09:32:27 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2015-09-01_at_3.56.06_PM.png 
Where is it from? What is going on there? So handsome ! Jeff Bond ! 
'IT, 23 noi6. 2017 r. a 4:58, 'effre E. C 
va ati n 
ail.com>:
RInline image 1 
EFTA00989398
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989399

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989400.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Shelley 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 20:14:56 +0000 
go to the best baby shops. 
On Tue, May 13, 2014 at 4:12 PM, Shelley <1 
Yes ok but this looks cheap „ we probably have to make it 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00989400

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989401.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Fiszel al=
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Coffee in PB? 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 10:26:27 +0000 
Would love to see u. Today or Sunday morning perhaps? 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of this e-mail 
or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or have received 
this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-mail is misdirected, 
Honeycomb Asset Management,. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of this e-mail 
or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or have received 
this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-mail is misdirected, 
Honeycomb Asset Management,. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
EFTA00989401

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989402.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jes Staley
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 20:35:52 +0000 
yes 
On Tue, May 13, 2014 at 4:34 PM, Jes Staley < 
> wrote: 
Are u in NYC on Sunday? 
Sent from my iPhone 
This e-mail is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential 
and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in 
reliance upon, the information in this e-mail by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is 
prohibited and may be unlawful. If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material 
from any computer. 
This communication is for informational purposes only. It is not intended as and does not constitute an offer or 
solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any 
transaction. All market prices, data and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and 
are subject to change without notice. Any expected returns are provided for illustrative purposes only and are 
not intended to serve as, and must not be relied upon by any prospective investor as, a guaranty, an assurance, 
a prediction of a definitive statement of fact or a probability. Investment in funds managed by BlueMountain 
carries certain risks, including the risk of loss of principal. Unless indicated otherwise, performance results are 
presented net of fees and expenses. Certain market and economic events having an impact on performance 
may not repeat themselves. Any comments or statements made herein do not necessarily reflect those of 
BlueMountain Capital Management, LLC or its affiliates. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY 
INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS AND NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE THAT RESULTS 
SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN CAN BE ACHIEVED. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989402

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989403.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin <1 
Subject: Re: I am in w Larry in case you call 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 20:44:55 +0000 
call 
On Tue, May 13, 2014 at 4:44 PM, Richard Joslin < 
wrote: 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989403

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989404.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: bellaklein 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 21:08:51 +0000 
Yes 
On Tue, May 13, 2014 at 4:54 PM, bellaklein < 
Jeffrey, 
Julia requested $5000 cash. Please advise. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00989404

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989405.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989405.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Boris Nikolic
Subject: Re: 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 21:10:57 +0000 
minues 
On Tue, May 13, 2014 at 5:07 PM, Boris Nikolic < 
Just called you.. 
Will try again in an hour. 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: 5/13/2014 3:51 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
where are you? 
> wrote: 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989405
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989406

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989407.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Larry Visoski <1.a> 
Subject: Re: Heli update 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 21:19:35 +0000 
ok, no rush then 
On Tue, May 13, 2014 at 5:14 PM, Larry Visoski c 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Good news regarding Helicopter hydraulic leak, just completed successful gear swing, hydraulic leak was a 
loose fitting underneath tail boom area. I will have a firm completion date by noon tomorrow, I don't think 
there is a chance they will have the helicopter finished by Saturday morning in order for me to make it to St. 
Thomas by the evening. I would estimate Helicopter completion Tuesday next week maybe earlier that is only 
my guess. 
Items that are outstanding, I'm trying to locate to mean we'll apps have to be replaced due to corrosion, Bell 
does not allow for any pitting. Bell 430 Wheels are not in stock, chances are I will get a waiver from bell until 
wheels can be found in order to continue airworthiness. 
Better update tomorrow afternoon thank you Larry 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989407

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989408.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:18:48 +0000 
>, Valeria Chomsky < 
yes, I am sorry that you have to come to grips with this. . I suggest you ask Harry if he will speak with Rich 
on the phone. step one. . they believe as i first said that the money really is at least half theirs. it is not 
uncommon. dont stress. I can handle this promise 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 12:00 AM, Noam Chomsky 
> wrote: 
Unfortunately, the children were unwilling to accept my request, instead suggesting that a professional 
mediator become involved. Of course I refused. That's now where it stands. 
On Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 9:41 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
once harry and max stetp down , all will be ok. my concern is that this is where the rubber meets the 
road 
. with regard the 529 accounts , not sure if there was resolution.? 
the amounts from the trust say 
were for taxes and paid directly to the Us treasury. that is unusual. as the treasury is not a benificiary. 
normally it would have been paid to noams account alone. 
On Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 11:38 AM, Noam Chomsky < 
> wrote: 
The only discussion, by email, was about shifting the distribution from one grandchild to another. Valeria 
will send you the correspondence. No other authorization in writing, and I have no recollection of verbal 
authorizations. 
Were still trying to clarify the alleged distributions to me from the marital accounts. According to 
Deborah, these were to pay our taxes. We received no notification of this, and so far haven't been able to 
find out, from the accountant, whether our payment of taxes was correspondingly reduced. We wrote to 
ask him 12 days ago, but no response yet. 
I wrote to the three children about authorizing Max to step down as trustee of the marital trusts. 
On Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 8:45 AM, Jeffrey E. Gieevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
did you authorize the gifts to grandchildren . if so how. in writing? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989408
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989409

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989410.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Mortimer Zuckerman
Subject: 
Date: Tue, 13 May 2014 22:52:13 +0000 
i tried you todya 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989410

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989411.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Masha Drokova
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:19:11 +0000 
ok 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 1:59 AM, Masha Drokova < 
wrote: 
I've agreed on Forbes interview with Forbes writer Jesse Damiani. He's a good friend and wants to do profile 
and longer story on your philanthropy and life views. 
He contributes to other publication like Quartz, CNN, etc and can do stories there too. 
Let me know if you can meet him in New York sometime in Dec. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989411

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989412.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Amy Cassell < 
>, Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 01:10:00 +0000 
great... lesely please coordinate 
On Tue, May 13, 2014 at 8:29 PM, Amy Cassell < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I've been able to move my trip to Bahrain, I'll arrive in NYC around 1pm on Sunday, 5/18, and will have the 
whole afternoon available if necessary. I look forward to seeing the residence! Please email me specific 
address, and any other pertinent info. I look forward to meeting you. 
My best, 
Amy 
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 2:01 PM, Amy Cassell < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
That's a great idea, let me see if I can work my schedule out and I'll get back to you right away. Also, in 
follow up to our call, I've gathered together some work for your review and will send it out later today...it 
was a really nice challenge actually, so thank you for the request! 
Look forward to speaking soon, 
Amy 
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 1:34 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
amy , if possible why don't you consider a trip to ny on sun the 18th we can walk through the house. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989412
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989413

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989414.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Greg Wyler
To: "'Jeffrey E."' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 07:22:26 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Might be at an impasse
CFO is thinking about it and will get back to me tomorrow afternoon. 
From: Jeffrey E. [malltoleev-acation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, May 13, 2014 12:51 PM 
To: Greg Wyler 
Subject: 
i assume that soon you will be at an impasse. 
lets talk after. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989414

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989415.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 11:02:31 +0000 
http://www.sciencebasedmedicine.org/acupuncture-doesnt-work/ 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989415

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989416.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: lawrence delson < 
>, Richard Kahn
Subject: Fwd: Update 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 11:02:56 +0000 
Forwarded message  
From: Barrett, Paul S 4 
Date: Tue, May 13, 2014 at 11:00 PM 
Subject: Update 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Hi Jeffrey 
I want to show LB some new ideas around: 
- defense contractors 
- consolidation in satellite/cable/telephone 
- European dividends 
Any idea on when they will get us the account opening does? 
Paul 
Paul Barrett I Managing Director I Global Investment Opportunities Group I 
Morgan Securities LLC 
Morgan Private Bank I 
320 Park Avenue 14th Floor, New York, NY 10022 I 
Morgan Chase Bank 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the 
purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, 
and legal entity disclaimers, available at 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA00989416
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989417

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989418.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Lang, Caroline" 
Subject: Re: hello! 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 11:05:50 +0000 
no problem, I understand, I hope all is well and your trip is pleasurable 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 7:03 AM, Lang, Caroline 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Since its difficult to get DSK on the phone, and my feeling is that he may not want to talk right 
now as a movie is being released on the affair, my father is going to try to organize a lunch at 
his home sometime in June when Dominique will be available and we will let you know and 
see if you can attend as well. 
I am flying tomorrow to LA 
Hope you are well! 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to j
@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989418

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989419.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:20:26 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_4430.jpg 
you are to buy one , not me. 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 3:17 AM, 
-------- Messaggio inoltrato 
Da: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Data: Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 5:00 PM 
Og etto: Re: 
A: 
Used Mac air. Easy 200 eu 
wrote: 
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 10:47 AM 
wrote: 
1) I already have a scoliosis and back pain so carying this around is not great for my back 
2) takes a lot of space 
3) I also use photo applications like photoshop, Lightroom that are not supported by this computer. 
4) it doesn't have an iCloud to store my pictures and info. 
5) Doesn't connect with my phone 
6) Very old and slow system, specially when working with high resolution 
I giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 3:20 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> ha scritto: 
no what is funny 
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 10:08 AM, 
Is this a joke ? 
wrote: 
I giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 3:08 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gritn> ha scritto: 
https://www.ebay.corn/itm/DELL-LATiTUDE-LAPTOP-14-1-HD-Widescreen-Computer-Windows-
10-Intel-Core-Duo-2OHz/263172646959?_trkparms=aid%3D555019%26algo%3DPL.BANDIT% 
26ao%3D1%26asc%3D41375%26meid%3Dd6739ddf40c7454f91085218c6c4 
78c3%26pid%3D100505%26rk%3D1%26rkt%3D1%26&_trksid=p2045573.c100505.m3226 
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 9:20 AM, 
> wrote: 
I don't have the money to eat and to pay a rent while I'm working everyday and you tell me to buy a 
computer ? Even used I can't afford it. All my friends have their family supporting them, I don't. I 
still don't understand if you realize how I am living ... the situation is that I'm living within
London and Tancredi's mother who lives on the next floor prepares dinner for me when 
not there. I don't have the money to pay anything here, not even the public transport 
is 
II giorno Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 1:40 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> ha scritto: 
i cant readk italian. 
ask your employer to lend you money to get one. find one on ebay . not 
sure why you are asking me. and exactly what you are asking for. used computers are 
everywhere , 
EFTA00989419
--- PAGE 2 ---
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 8:37 AM, 
wrote: 
still didn't answer to me. What should I do about the computer? 
I giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 12:56 PM 
ha 
scritto: 
Because for the Marketing days we are interns and it's not in their budget to buy us a 
computer. I stopped using mine since almost 2 months because it's completel
 and 
super old now. I also need one so that I can work from home. I just asked MIN what is this 
story of the computer that she asked you for because I knew nothing about it and to be honest 
it makes me a bit angry since I was telling her about this last week and she didn't tell me 
anything 
I giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 12:28 PM 
ha scritto: 
I told 
last week I didn't have a computer to work and didn't know what to do but she 
never told me she asked you for one... 
I  giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 12:25 PM 
 ha scritto: 
?? She didn't tell me this... 
I giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 12:16 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> ha 
scritto: 
this was last week ,very strange coincidence that 
also asked for a computer last 
week , same story .? why dont you fix yours? why doesnt your job purchase one for 
you. ? 
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 7:08 AM, 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, In case you don't answer because you don't believe me I send you the 
message Alfredo ( person working in the team ) wrote me on November 9 telling to 
bring my own computer at the office because they don't have any extras. Could you 
help me for this please ? I don't know how to solve this situation and we have many 
analysis and PowerPoint presentations to work on during the day and at home 
EFTA00989420
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00989421
--- PAGE 4 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00989422
--- PAGE 5 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ja®gmail.com,
 and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989423

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989424.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989424.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 13:32:42 +0000 
where are you for memorial day 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989424

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989425.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Fiszel 
Subject: Re: Coffee in PB? 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:20:52 +0000 
today good 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 5:26 AM, David Fiszel < 
> wrote: 
Would love to see u. Today or Sunday morning perhaps? 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-
mail and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of this 
e-mail or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or have 
received this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-mail is 
misdirected, Honeycomb Asset Management, 
and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-
mail and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of this 
e-mail or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or have 
received this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-mail is 
misdirected, Honeycomb Asset Management, 
and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989425

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989426.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989426.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Mohamed Waheed Hassan 
Subject: Re: Hi 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 13:34:00 +0000 
i will be in on the 18th if that works as well 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 2:25 AM, Mohamed Waheed Hassan < 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I was planning to leave on 18th, but now I will stay until 20th. Look forward to meet you on 19th. Should I 
come to your place on the 19th. I forgot the address now. 
I am looking at two lines of work now. One is in business, I have been working with China and Hong Kong 
based investors. 
Second, I am also looking at special assignment possibilities with the UN. This could include some peace 
building activities. I will be talking to Secretary Generals office. Can I bring my son Jeff also to meet you. He 
is currently Maldives Deputy Ambassador to the UN. 
Best regards, 
Waheed 
Sent from President Waheed's iPad 
On Apr 19, 2014, at 9:04 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jea@gmail.com> wrote: 
does the 19th work? 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 7:12 AM, Mohammed Waheed Hassan < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
How are you. Hope all is well. I have been traveling quite a bit but mainly in Asia; Hong Kong, Singapore, 
Malaysia, Cambodia, and China. But now I am planning to be in New York for a few days mid May. 
Would very much like to stop by and see you if you have time. 
Best regards 
Waheed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00989426
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989427

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989428.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Joi Ito <, 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 13:34:45 +0000 
lets speak today, invest , leon black, reid, joshca? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989428

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989429.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989429.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Nowak, Martin"
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 13:35:00 +0000 
how much is the rent per year 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989429

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989430.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Daniel
Subject: Re: Hello jeffrey 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 13:35:49 +0000 
spend some the the 10k and go to scandavia I will provide more on your return, . good luck 
On Fri, May 9, 2014 at 10:04 PM, Daniel <I 
> wrote: 
I was with her today . 
I am Taking care of her that's why I didn't go yet . 
I will resolve that don't worry 
Best regards 
Daniel siad 
On 9 May 2014, at 17:54, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
leanne texted me, i do not want to speak to her, if you pay for her ticket back to latvia I will reimburse you 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989430
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989431

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989432.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989432.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Mitchell
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 13:36:09 +0000 
wildenstein house fell through 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989432

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989433.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989433.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Mort Zuckerman 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 13:48:48 +0000 
I spoke to him coodinate with dare that he comes over on sunday with ehud 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 9:46 AM, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
Please call Mort Zuckerman....Clare says she tried you on your cell also.. 
(w) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989433

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989434.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989434.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 13:49:12 +0000 
are you going to st petersburg? see you sunday , what time 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989434

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989435.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:21:07 +0000 
you too , peace 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 6:02 AM, 
I thank God I thank you for all the blessings! 
Happy Thanksgiving Mr. Epstein! 
Louella 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00989435

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989436.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Joi Ito <, 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 13:52:39 +0000 
ok 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 9:51 AM, Joi Ito 
wrote: 
In 30 min? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 14, 2014, at 22:34, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
lets speak today, invest , leon black, reid, joshca? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989436

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989437.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:21:29 +0000 
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2015-09-01_at_3.56.06_PM.png 
your defender protector 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 4:32 AM, 
Where is it from? What is going on there? So handsome ! Jeff Bond ! 
wr, 23 nost6. 2017 F. a 4:58, jeffity E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:
wrote: 
EFTA00989437
--- PAGE 2 ---
lainline image 1 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989438
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989439

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989440.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Joi Ito <, 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 15:04:38 +0000 
call me when you get up, this number does not go through 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 10:29 AM, Joi Ito <ja 
wrote: 
Jeffrey... I'm starting to fade. I'm in Japan. 
Call me soon at +1-415-290-4618 or I'll call you as soon as I get up in the morning in a few hours. 
- Joi 
On May 14, 2014, at 22:52 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> ok 
> On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 9:51 AM, Joi Ito <S> 
wrote: 
> In 30 min? 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> On May 14, 2014, at 22:34, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
>> lets speak today, invest , leon black, reid, joshca? 
>> 
>> 
please note 
>> The information contained in this communication is 
>> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
>> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
>> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
>> JEE 
>> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
>> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
>> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
>> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
>> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
>> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
>> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00989440
--- PAGE 2 ---
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989441

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989442.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989442.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Woody Allen S 
Subject: Re: Screening 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 15:09:01 +0000 
lets shoot for wed at 530 , I will get you the names on monday if ok. 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 11:05 AM, Woody Allen c 
wrote: 
Hello Jeffrey, 
I hope you are well. 
I can screen next week either Tuesday or Wednesday and maybe Thursday (depends if Woody has band 
practice then). 
Let me know. 
Best, 
Gini 
Ginevra Tamberi 
••• 
Assistant to Woody Allen 
MANHATTAN FILM CENTER 
1264 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989442

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989443.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Adam Bly 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 15:10:00 +0000 
thanks for your response no need to speak i just wanted to know if we are still on track for the end of this month 
final payment 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989443

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989444.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989444.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:23:18 +0000 
it is not yours. . it is hers , and if it is not hers she can send it back. 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 6:21 AM, 
wrote: 
I need it for work, 
is not working she needs it for pleasure. 
I giomo Thu, Nov 23, 2017 alle 11:19 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> ha scritto: 
it is for 
and i never said i would send you anything , I told you to buy one . 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 2:57 AM, 
> wrote: 
You told me you would send me a used MacBook Air and this is what arrived. I need it for work 
I giomo Thu, Nov 23, 2017 alle 1:44 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> ha scritto: 
On Wed, Nov 22, 2017 at 8:20 PM, 
wrote: 
I How are you ? Is the computer you sent for me or for 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00989444
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989445

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989446.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Nicole Junkermann
Subject: Re: Re: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 17:35:59 +0000 
ask me tomorw 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 12:20 PM, Nicole Junkermann < 
wrote: 
how are you? guess Meeting on the 18th not Happening? 
From: Jeffrey E. fleevacationagmail.00m
Sent: Tuesday, May 06, 2014 1:10 PM 
To: Nicole Junkexmann 
Subject: Re: 
They took my shaving cream 
On TUesday, May 6, 2014, Jeffrey E. <Jeevacationagmail.00m> wrote: 
I am at 2e tried twice , 
On Tue, May 6, 2014 at 10:27 AM, Nicole Junkermann < 
> wrote: 
Tried to call u cell but does not go through can u give me a call waiting for my luggage could also meet you in le Bourget if iy is convenient for you 
Sent from my Samsung Galaxy smartphone. 
------ Original message ------
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:06/05/2014 10:11 (GMT+01:00) 
To: Nicole Junkermann 
Subject: 
call my cell , and if you are tuning late , I will meet you at COG 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to Jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to JeeNacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989446
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationeomail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
•
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return email or by e-mail to Jeevacati
nail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989447

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989448.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: Re: JE NY May 17 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 17:37:56 +0000 
can we do 12 instead.? 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 10:52 AM, ehud barak < 
Jeff 
I'm NOT going to SP this year. 
Sunday May 17, how about 1 lam at your place? 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
> wrote: 
On May 14, 2014, at 16:49, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
are you going to st petersburg? see you sunday , what time 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989448
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989449

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989450.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: Re: JE NY May 17 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 17:38:18 +0000 
sunday is the 18th? 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 10:52 AM, ehud barak < 
Jeff 
I'm NOT going to SP this year. 
Sunday May 17, how about 1 lam at your place? 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
> wrote: 
On May 14, 2014, at 16:49, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
are you going to st petersburg? see you sunday , what time 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989450
--- PAGE 2 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989451

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989452.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989452.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: mwaheedh < 
>, 
Subject: Re: Hi 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 17:39:00 +0000 
can we do afternoon? lets say 2? 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 11:30 AM, mwaheedh 
Jeffrey. 
19th is fine as planned. 
Best regards 
Waheed 
Sent (mm Samsung Mobile 
Original message -----
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:05/14/2014 6:34 AM (GMT-08:00) 
To: Mohamed Waheed Hassan 
Subject: Re: Hi 
i will be in on the 18th if that works as well 
> wrote: 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 2:25 AM, Mohamed Waheed Hassan < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I was planning to leave on 18th, but now I will stay until 20th. Look forward to meet you on 19th. Should I 
come to your place on the 19th. I forgot the address now. 
I am looking at two lines of work now. One is in business, I have been working with China and Hong Kong 
based investors. 
Second, I am also looking at special assignment possibilities with the UN. This could include some peace 
building activities. I will be talking to Secretary Generals office. Can I bring my son Jeff also to meet you. 
He is currently Maldives Deputy Ambassador to the UN. 
Best regards, 
Waheed 
Sent from President Waheed's iPad 
On Apr 19, 2014, at 9:04 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
does the 19th work? 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 7:12 AM, Mohammed Waheed Hassan < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
How are you. Hope all is well. I have been traveling quite a bit but mainly in Asia; Hong Kong, 
Singapore, Malaysia, Cambodia, and China. But now I am planning to be in New York for a few days 
EFTA00989452
--- PAGE 2 ---
mid May. Would very much like to stop by and see you if you have time. 
Best regards 
Waheed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989453
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989454

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989455.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peter Thiel
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 17:40:52 +0000 
I assume we are still on for the 19th new york? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989455

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989456.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Greg Wyler
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 17:43:19 +0000 
340 775 2525 for the next two hours 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 1:23 PM, Greg Wyler < 
wrote: 
Should I call you? 
Number? 
From: jeffrey E. (mailtoleevacationegmail.com 
Sent: Wednesday, May 14, 2014 4:11 AM 
To: Greg Wyler 
Subject: Re: 
This is a big deal if done right. and a non starter ( less than 50 m ) if not. 
access to paul and richard, 
details of the projections, competition, viablity, strength of the spectrum and ip rights, legislation roadblocks,
institutional support ( UN etc ). governance, financial guarnatees, protections for both sides. insurance, etc 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 3:22 AM, Greg Wyler 
Might be at an impasse 
©
CFO is thinking about it and will get back to me tomorrow afternoon. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacS@g
i 
mail.comj 
Sent: Tuesday, May 13, 2014 12:51 PM 
To: Greg Wyler 
Subject: 
i assume that soon you will be at an impasse. 
lets talk after. 
> wrote: 
please note 
EFTA00989456
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989457

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989458.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:24:05 +0000 
i thought you were in tokyo, . ? not sure why 
is involved with your gift 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989458

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989459.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: President
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 18:45:08 +0000 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 12:45 PM, President < 
When and where should I call? 
Look forward also to seeing you 
Original Message 
From: "jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com>
To: "President"  
Sent: Tuesday, May 13, 2014 1:47:29 PM 
are you around? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> wrote: 
EFTA00989459
--- PAGE 2 ---
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989460

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989461.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 18:49:26 +0000 
news>? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989461

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989462.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989462.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: John look
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 18:55:07 +0000 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 2:53 PM, John look < 
> wrote: 
Tried to call you 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989462

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989463.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989463.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez 
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 19:00:14 +0000 
please have main compind white trim, re painted. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989463

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989464.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989464.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: mwaheedh < 
Subject: Re: Hi 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 19:06:30 +0000 
ocicok 18th ? 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 3:05 PM, mwaheedh < 
> wrote: 
Yes we are available any time on 18 and 19th. You decide we will be there. 
Best regards. 
Waheed 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
------ Original message 
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:05/14/2014 10:39 AM (GMT-08:00) 
To: mwaheedh 
Subject: Re: Hi 
can we do afternoon? lets say 2? 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 11:30 AM, mwaheedh 
Jeffrey. 
19th is fine as planned. 
Best regards 
Waheed 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
----- Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:05/14/2014 6:34 AM (GMT-08:00) 
To: Mohamed Waheed Hassan 
Subject: Re: Hi 
i will be in on the 18th if that works as well 
> wrote: 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 2:25 AM, Mohamed Waheed Hassan < 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I was planning to leave on 18th, but now I will stay until 20th. Look forward to meet you on 19th. Should 
I come to your place on the 19th. I forgot the address now. 
I am looking at two lines of work now. One is in business, I have been working with China and Hong 
Kong based investors. 
Second, I am also looking at special assignment possibilities with the UN. This could include some peace 
building activities. I will be talking to Secretary Generals office. Can I bring my son Jeff also to meet you. 
EFTA00989464
--- PAGE 2 ---
He is currently Maldives Deputy Ambassador to the UN. 
Best regards, 
Waheed 
Sent from President Waheed's iPad 
On Apr 19, 2014, at 9:04 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
does the 19th work? 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 7:12 AM, Mohammed Waheed Hassan
Jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
How are you. Hope all is well. I have been traveling quite a bit but mainly in Asia; Hong Kong, 
Singapore, Malaysia, Cambodia, and China. But now I am planning to be in New York for a few days 
mid May. Would very much like to stop by and see you if you have time. 
Best regards 
Waheed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989465
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989466

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989467.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: "Gul'sum Osmanova" 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 19:10:54 +0000 
great you deserve it 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 3:08 PM, Gul'sum Osmanova < 
Pm happy oh so happy so so so so so HAPPY! 
the happiest day since I've been back here 
thank you ! 
avec soim 
Gul'sum Osmanova. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA00989467

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989468.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:24:36 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_4836.jpg; IMG_4430.jpg 
As you see I'm in an office right now 
I 
iomo Thu, Nov 23, 2017 alle 11:24 AM 
ha scritto: 
EFTA00989468
--- PAGE 2 ---
I giomo Thu, Nov 23, 2017 alle 11:23 AM 
> ha scritto: 
No but I cannot work without one. I'm not taking anything 
I giomo Thu, Nov 23, 2017 alle 11:22 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> ha scritto: 
i already told you its not yours. . now you try to take something that belongs to a! 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 3:17 AM, 
Messaggio inoltrato 
Da: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com>
Data: Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 5:00 PM 
Oggetto: Re: 
A:  
Used Mac air. Easy 200 eu 
> 
wrote: 
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 10:47 AM 
> wrote: 
1) I already have a scoliosis and back pain so carying this around is not great for my back 
2) takes a lot of space 
3) I also use photo applications like photoshop, Lightroom that are not supported by this computer. 
4) it doesn't have an iCloud to store my pictures and info. 
5) Doesn't connect with my phone 
6) Very old and slow system, specially when working with high resolution 
I giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 3:20 PM jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> ha scritto: 
no what is funny 
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 10:08 AM, 
Is this a joke ? 
cO 
wrote: 
I giorno Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 3:08 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> ha scritto: 
https://www.ebay.com/ittn/DELL-LATiTUDE-LAPTOP-14-1-HD-Widescreen-Computer-
Windows-10-Intel-Core-Duo-2GH7./263172646959? 
trkparms=aid%3D555019%26algo%3DPL.BANDIT%26ao%3D1%26asc%3D41375%26mei 
d%3Dd6739dd f40c7454 f9 108521 lic6c478c3%26pid%3D100505%26rk%3D1%26rkt%3D1%2 
6& trksid=p2045573.c100505.m3226 
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 9:20 AM, 
 > wrote: 
I don't have the money to eat and to pay a rent while I'm working everyday and you tell me to 
buy a computer ? Even used I can't afford it. All my friends have their family supporting 
them, I don't. I still don't understand if you realize how I am living ... the situation is that I'm 
living with MInin London and Tancredi's mother who lives on the next floor prepares 
dinner for me wheais 
not there. I don't have the money to pay anything here, not even 
the public transport 
I giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 1:40 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> ha scritto: 
i cant readk italian. 
ask your employer to lend you money to get one. 
find one on ebay 
. not sure why you are asking me. and exactly what you are asking for. 
used computers 
are everywhere , 
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 8:37 AM, 
wrote: 
EFTA00989469
--- PAGE 3 ---
still didn't answer to me. What should I do about the computer? 
II giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 12:56 PM 
•cl 
fr> ha scritto: 
Because for the Marketing days we are interns and it's not in their budget to buy us a 
computer. I stopped using mine since almost 2 months because it's completely broken 
and super old now. I also need one so that I can work from home. I just asked 
what is this story of the computer that she asked you for because I knew nothing about 
it and to be honest it makes me a bit angry since I was telling her about this last week 
and she didn't tell me anything 
I  giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 12:28 PM 
 ha scritto: 
I told 
last week I didn't have a computer to work and didn't know what to do 
but she never told me she asked you for one... 
II iomo Fri, Nov 17 2017 alle 12:25 PM 
ha scritto: 
?? She didn't tell me this... 
I giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 12:16 PM jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> ha 
scritto: 
this was last week ,very strange coincidence that 
also asked for a 
computer last week , same story .? why dont you fix yours? why doesnt your 
job purchase one for you. ? 
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 7:08 AM, 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, In case you don't answer because you don't believe me I send you the 
message Alfredo ( person working in the team ) wrote me on November 9 
telling to bring my own computer at the office because they don't have any 
extras. Could you help me for this please ? I don't know how to solve this 
situation and we have many analysis and PowerPoint presentations to work on 
during the day and at home 
EFTA00989470
--- PAGE 4 ---
Gr 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00989471
--- PAGE 5 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00989472
--- PAGE 6 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989473

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989474.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: Re: JE NY May 17 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 19:26:29 +0000 
is 12 ok 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 3:27 PM, ehud barak <fl 
wrote: 
U R right. 18. EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 14, 2014, at 20:38, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
sunday is the 18th? 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 10:52 AM, ehud barak < 
Jeff 
I'm NOT going to SP this year. 
Sunday May 17, how about 11 am at your place? 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
> wrote: 
On May 14, 2014, at 16:49, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
are you going to st petersburg? see you sunday , what time 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00989474
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989475

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989476.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989476.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Joslin
Subject: Re: meeting to discuss financials 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 19:55:33 +0000 
send me updated ones please 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 2:21 PM, Richard Joslin < 
ok - I will revert as to time. 
> wrote: 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 2:05 PM, jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
19th 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 2:00 PM, Richard Joslin < 
wrote: 
EA is available Tuesday May 20 all day. Please let me know if you have availability.Thanks 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00989476
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989477

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989478.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:25:15 +0000 
Inline-Images: IMG_4430.jpg 
its hers . 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 6:23 AM, 
wrote: 
No but I cannot work without one. I'm not taking anything 
I giomo Thu, Nov 23, 2017 alle 11:22 AM Whey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> ha scritto: 
i already told you its not yours. . now you try to take something that belongs to a?! 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 3:17 AM, 
Messaggio inoltrato 
Da: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Data: Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 5:00 PM 
Og etto: Re: 
A: 
Used Mac air. Easy 200 eu 
> wrote: 
>
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 10:47 AM 
wrote:
1) I already have a scoliosis and back pain so carying this around is not great for my back 
2) takes a lot of space 
3) I also use photo applications like photoshop, Lightroom that are not supported by this computer. 
4) it doesn't have an iCloud to store my pictures and info. 
5) Doesn't connect with my phone 
6) Very old and slow system, specially when working with high resolution 
I giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 3:20 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> ha scritto: 
no what is funny 
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 10:08 AM, 
Is this a joke ? 
> wrote: 
I giorno Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 3:08 PM jeffrey E. leevacation@gmail.com> ha scritto: 
https://www.ebay.com/itm/DELL-LATiTUDE-LAPTOP-14-1-HD-Widescreen-Computer-
Windows- 10-Intel-Core-Duo-2GHz/263172646959?_trkparms=aid% 
3D555019%26algo%3DPL.BANDIT%26ao%3D r/o26asc%3D41375%26meid% 
3Dd6739ddf40c7454f9 1085218c6c478c3%26pid%3D100505%26rk%3D1% 
26rkt%3D l%26& trksid=p2045573.c100505.m3226 
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 9:20 AM, 
aMMIla 
wrote: 
I don't have the money to eat and to pay a rent while I'm working everyday and you tell me to 
buy a computer ? Even used I can't afford it. All my friends have their family supporting them, I 
don't. I still don't understand if you realize how I am living ... the situation is that I'm living 
EFTA00989478
--- PAGE 2 ---
with
 in London and Tancredi's mother who lives on the next floor prepares dinner for 
me when 
is not there. I don't have the money to pay anything here, not even the public 
transport 
II giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 1:40 PM Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> ha scritto: 
i cant readk italian. 
ask your employer to lend you money to get one. 
find one on ebay . 
not sure why you are asking me. and exactly what you are asking for. used computers are 
everywhere , 
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 8:37 AM, 
still didn't answer to me. What should I do about the computer? 
wrote: 
I  giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 12:56 PM 
 ha scritto: 
Because for the Marketing days we are interns and it's not in their budget to buy us a 
computer. I stopped using mine since almost 2 months because it's completely broken 
and super old now. I also need one so that I can work from home. I just asked Min 
what is this story of the computer that she asked you for because I knew nothing about it 
and to be honest it makes me a bit angry since I was telling her about this last week and 
she didn't tell me anything 
II iomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 12:28 PM 
ha scritto: 
I told 
last week I didn't have a computer to work and didn't know what to do but 
she never told me she asked you for one... 
II giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 12:25 PM 
 ha scritto: 
?? She didn't tell me this... 
II giomo Fri, Nov 17, 2017 alle 12:16 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> ha 
scritto: 
this was last week ,very strange coincidence that 
also asked for a computer 
last week , same story .? why dont you fix yours? why doesnt your job 
purchase one for you. ? 
On Fri, Nov 17, 2017 at 7:08 AM, 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, In case you don't answer because you don't believe me I send you the 
message Alfredo ( person working in the team ) wrote me on November 9 telling 
to bring my own computer at the office because they don't have any extras. 
Could you help me for this please ? I don't know how to solve this situation and 
we have many analysis and PowerPoint presentations to work on during the day 
and at home 
EFTA00989479
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00989480
--- PAGE 4 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00989481
--- PAGE 5 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989482

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989483.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989483.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: Re: JE NY May 18 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 21:07:38 +0000 
yes, i will try to make 11 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 4:02 PM, ehud barak 
1315 we will have to leave to Kennedy AP. 
Is 1145 ok with you? 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
wrote: 
On May 14, 2014, at 22:26, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
is 12 ok 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 3:27 PM, ehud barak 
> wrote: 
U R right. 18. EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 14, 2014, at 20:38, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
sunday is the 18th? 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 10:52 AM, ehud barak < 
Jeff 
I'm NOT going to SP this year. 
Sunday May 17, how about 11 am at your place? 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
wrote: 
On May 14, 2014, at 16:49, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
are you going to st petersburg? see you sunday , what time 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA00989483
--- PAGE 2 ---
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00989484
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989485

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989486.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989486.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Fiszel
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Coffee in PB? 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:41:06 +0000 
Cool. What's the address? I'm free anytime between 8-11am, you tell me what's best for you. Looking forward 
to it 
On Nov 23, 2017, at 6:20 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
today good 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 5:26 AM, David Fiszel < 
wrote: 
Would love to see u. Today or Sunday morning perhaps? 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-
mail and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of 
this e-mail or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or 
have received this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-
mail is misdirected, Honeycomb Asset Management, L.P. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-
mail and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of 
this e-mail or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or 
have received this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-
mail is misdirected, Honeycomb Asset Management, L.P. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989486
--- PAGE 2 ---
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of this e-mail 
or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or have received 
this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-mail is misdirected, 
Honeycomb Asset Management, L.P. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of this e-mail 
or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or have received 
this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-mail is misdirected, 
Honeycomb Asset Management, L.P. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
EFTA00989487

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989488.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Greg Wyler
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 21:44:04 +0000 
Rest of day 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989488

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989489.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: President
Subject: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 21:44:19 +0000 
Rest of day 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989489

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989490.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Eva Dubin < 
>, Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 21:44:41 +0000 
We'd 530 Lesley 
On Wednesday, May 14, 2014, Eva Dubin < 
wrote: 
Glenn says yes to the Woody Allen screening. Where and when? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989490

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989491.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Vincenzo Iozzo
Cc: 
Subject: Re: Vincenzo 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 22:45:28 +0000 
Yes 
On Wednesday, May 14, 2014, Vincenzo Iozzo < 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Joi tells me you're in NY the 18th and the 19th. I'm leaving on the 19th, so any chance we can meet on the 
18th? (any time works for me) 
Thanks, 
Vincenzo 
On 06/mag/2014, at 15:25, Joi Ito < 
> wrote: 
> Joshua's involved. He should join if he can. 
> - Joi 
> On May 6, 2014, at 11:51 , Vincenzo Iozzo
>> Jeffrey, 
> wrote: 
» very nice to meet you. I'm going to be in NYC next week (May 11th to May 19th). Are you available any 
of those days by any chance? 
» Thanks, 
>> Vincenzo 
>> On 06/mag/2014, at 17:43, Joi Ito < 
> wrote: 
>» Jeffrey, 
>» 
>>> Vincenzo is one of the best network security guys I know. I'm working with him on a network security 
company idea. He's in NYC often. If you have time, you should connect. I think you'll enjoy meeting each 
other and I also think this business idea that we're working on might be interesting for you as well. 
>» 
>» - Joi 
>>> 
>> 
> --
> Please use my alternative address, 
to avoid email auto responder 
EFTA00989491
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989492

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989493.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: David Fiszel
Subject: Re: Coffee in PB? 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:48:27 +0000 
?? 358 el brillo . last house on the left on the intracoastal . see you then 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 6:41 AM, David Fiszel < 
wrote: 
Cool. What's the address? I'm free anytime between 8-11am, you tell me what's best for you. Looking forward 
to it 
On Nov 23, 2017, at 6:20 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
today good 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 5:26 AM, David Fiszel < 
wrote: 
Would love to see u. Today or Sunday morning perhaps? 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this 
e-mail and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure 
of this e-mail or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended 
recipient (or have received this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a 
copy. If this e-mail is misdirected, Honeycomb Asset Management, L.P. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any 
privilege. 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this 
e-mail and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure 
of this e-mail or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended 
recipient (or have received this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a 
copy. If this e-mail is misdirected, Honeycomb Asset Management, L.P. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any 
privilege. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989493
--- PAGE 2 ---
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-
mail and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of this 
e-mail or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or have 
received this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-mail is 
misdirected, Honeycomb Asset Management, L.P. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-
mail and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of this 
e-mail or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or have 
received this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-mail is 
misdirected, Honeycomb Asset Management, L.P. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989494

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989495.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Mort Zuckerman 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 23:57:44 +0000 
On Wednesday, May 14, 2014, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
Clare is asking if we know what time mort should come on Sunday... 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989495

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989496.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: Hi 
Date: Wed, 14 May 2014 23:57:59 +0000 
Forwarded message  
From: mwaheedh  
Date: Wednesday, May 14, 2014 
Subject: Hi 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Jeffrey Salim Waheed  
fr-" 
Yes 5:00 on 18th perfect we will be there 
Waheed 
Sent float Samsung Mabik 
Original message -------
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:05/14/2014 12:06 PM GMT-08:00) 
To: mwaheedh 
Subject: Re: Hi 
ocicok 18th ? 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 3:05 PM, mwaheedh < 
wrote: 
Yes we are available any time on 18 and 19th. You decide we will be there. 
Best regards. 
Waheed 
San from Samsung Mobile 
------ Original message 
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:05/14/2014 10:39 AM (GMT-08:00) 
To: mwaheedh ,== 
Subject: Re: Hi 
can we do afternoon? lets say 2? 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 11:30 AM, mwaheedh 
Jeffrey. 
19th is fine as planned. 
Best regards 
wrote: 
EFTA00989496
--- PAGE 2 ---
Waheed 
Sall from Samsung Mobile 
---- Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:05/14/2014 6:34 AM (GMT-08:00) 
To: Mohamed Waheed Hassan 
Subject: Re: Hi 
i will be in on the 18th if that works as well 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 2:25 AM, Mohamed Waheed Hassan a 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I was planning to leave on 18th, but now I will stay until 20th. Look forward to meet you on 19th. Should 
I come to your place on the 19th. I forgot the address now. 
I am looking at two lines of work now. One is in business, I have been working with China and Hong 
Kong based investors. 
Second, I am also looking at special assignment possibilities with the UN. This could include some peace 
building activities. I will be talking to Secretary Generals office. Can I bring my son Jeff also to meet you. 
He is currently Maldives Deputy Ambassador to the UN. 
Best regards, 
Waheed 
Sent from President Waheed's iPad 
On Apr 19, 2014, at 9:04 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
does the 19th work? 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 7:12 AM, Mohammed Waheed Hassan a 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
How are you. Hope all is well. I have been traveling quite a bit but mainly in Asia; Hong Kong, 
Singapore, Malaysia, Cambodia, and China. But now I am planning to be in New York for a few days 
mid May. Would very much like to stop by and see you if you have time. 
Best regards 
Waheed 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00989497
--- PAGE 3 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidenti 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989498

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989499.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989499.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 02:49:15 +0000 
Is your other friend back..? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989499

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989500.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacationggmail.com> 
To: Lvjet 
Subject: Re: updates 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 03:04:38 +0000 
What about wesychester in ny? 2. Flight time to Mongolia? .? From ny? 
On Wednesday, May 14, 2014, Lvjet c> 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
Customs update: 
Customs in FLL Fort Lauderdale International is 24 hours for our arrival. 
FXE Fort Lauderdale Executive, and Boca are not 24 hour, according to Boca and Excec, they are 
not approved for overtime late arrivals. 
B727 
Darren spoke to Ashely at 7pm this evening, according to Ashely, he was working a Boat charter 
deal and did not have time to hash out the contract regarding the Boeing. Ashley told Darren he 
would send him an email later tonight regarding changes to the contract, at this time, Darren as 
received no emails. 
here is Gary message: 
Larry, 
As I mentioned in my email this morning, Larry Wright called me at 10:00 pm last night 
after spending a great deal of time walking Ashley through the Purchase and Sale 
Agreement one section at a time. 
Ashley told Larry he would send Darren the comments today but he could not do a 
redline because the format he has was a PDF. 
Around 3:00 today I advised Larry we had nothing, and he said "Let me chase him right 
now" and that was the last I spoke with him. I called again right now and it went to 
voice mail. 
After everything we have been through, I cannot help but be skeptical, but we have to 
keep pushing on. I did not feel that any of the comments concerning the Purchase 
Agreement were unreasonable, and I do not believe they would be wasting their own 
time if they did not have an intention to finish the deal. I more inclined to agree with 
Darren's theory that their may be one additional link that has not been disclosed to us, 
and that link is the lynchpin to the deal. 
Gary Anzalone - Managing Partner 
E uus Global Aviation, LLC 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA00989500
--- PAGE 2 ---
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989501

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989502.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989502.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 03:05:11 , 0000 
Good talk tomorw 
On Wednesday, May 14, 2014, 
wrote: 
Brad radoff. The best date in a long time! :) 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989502

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989503.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989503.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:49:22 +0000 
johnan doesnt respond. try to meet with her. need to make sure she isnt up to something 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989503

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989504.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989504.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Celina
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 10:58:02 +0000 
did you get to have coffee with dan gilbert? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989504

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989505.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989505.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffre E." <*eevacation® 
ail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:27:42 +0000 
when are you back in ny? 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 8:26 AM, 
wrote: 
Yup! Went to his office for a meeting. I was actually going to email him this week asking him a question about 
some professors 
On May 15, 2014, at 6:58 AM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
did you get to have coffee with dan gilbert? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989505

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989506.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Daphne Wallace
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:28:10 +0000 
canary date palms, big flower order? shipment from paris? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989506

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989507.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Fiszel
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: Coffee in PB? 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 11:51:29 +0000 
Perfect 
On Nov 23, 2017, at 6:48 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
?? 358 el brillo . last house on the left on the intracoastal . see you then 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 6:41 AM, David Fiszel < 
> wrote: 
Cool. What's the address? 
free anytime between 8-11am, you tell me what's best for you. Looking 
forward to it 
On Nov 23, 2017, at 6:20 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
today good 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 5:26 AM, David Fiszel < 
wrote: 
Would love to see u. Today or Sunday morning perhaps? 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in 
this e-mail and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or 
disclosure of this e-mail or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an 
intended recipient (or have received this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without 
making a copy. If this e-mail is misdirected, Honeycomb Asset Management,. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality 
or any privilege. 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in 
this e-mail and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or 
disclosure of this e-mail or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an 
intended recipient (or have received this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without 
making a copy. If this e-mail is misdirected, Honeycomb Asset Management,. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality 
or any privilege. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00989507
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-
mail and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of 
this e-mail or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or 
have received this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-
mail is misdirected, Honeycomb Asset Management,. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-
mail and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of 
this e-mail or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or 
have received this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-
mail is misdirected, Honeycomb Asset Management,. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of this e-mail 
or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or have received 
this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-mail is misdirected, 
Honeycomb Asset Management,. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
This e-mail and any file(s) transmitted with it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Nothing contained in this e-mail 
and/or any file(s) transmitted with it constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities. Use or disclosure of this e-mail 
or any such files by anyone other than a designated addressee is unauthorized. If you are not an intended recipient (or have received 
this email in error), please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail without making a copy. If this e-mail is misdirected, 
Honeycomb Asset Management,. and its affiliates do not waive confidentiality or any privilege. 
EFTA00989508

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989509.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: ann rodriquez 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:29:48 +0000 
mariama painting things? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989509

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989510.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:30:13 +0000 
we can schedule joe vincena and boris for sat. late afternoon 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989510

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989511.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:33:06 +0000 
Forwarded message  
From: President <I 
Date: thu May 15, 2014 at 12:45AM 
Subject: Re: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com>
Is 
for me, or are you keeping her for yourself. 
I need some help. I am only available on sat . I will 
be all the help I can to her but you need to help me. 
Original Message 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: "President" <I 
Sent: thurs 6 AM 
OK understood 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA00989511
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989512

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989513.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989513.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Adam Bly < 
, Richard Kahn
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:34:16 +0000 
im not sure why you can't take two minites and respond 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989513

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989514.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989514.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn < 
>, Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:34:41 +0000 
jean luc needs until middle of next week, its ok 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989514

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989515.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: soon yi previn  
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:35:08 +0000 
Im around sat and sunday, 
walk lunch? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989515

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989516.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal <1 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:35:21 +0000 
where are we with brother? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989516

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989517.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989517.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: David Stern
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:36:35 +0000 
leonard is supposed to come to ny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989517

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989518.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989518.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:37:10 +0000 
can you make some jerky to take with me on saturday 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989518

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989519.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: "Nowak, Martin"
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:47:41 +0000 
call me 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 8:42 AM, Nowak, Martin < 
> wrote: 
everything works out these days... 
it's amazing. 
i have also found the triangle. 
i am mesmerized. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989519

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989520.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: David Stern  
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:47:59 +0000 
ok 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 8:38 AM, David Stem  
lc> wrote: 
Yes, I will organise and come with him. OK ? 
On 15 May 2014, at 13:36, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
leonard is supposed to come to ny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989520

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989521.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Jermaine Ruan 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 12:55:31 +0000 
new plan new number 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 8:50 AM, Jermaine Ruan < 
> wrote: 
Good Morning Boss, 
Not a problem. Will she be keeping her existing number and which carrier is she currently with (ATT or 
Sprint)? Or should this be a brand new plan for her with a new number? 
Regards 
Jruan 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jee
g
acation 
mail com 
Sent: Thursday, May 15, 2014 8:30 AM 
To: Jermaine Ruan 
Subject: 
pleae get me an iphone 5 for mariana today 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989521
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989522

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989523.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 13:21:18 +0000 
Inline-Images: photo_l.JPG; photo_2.JPG; photo_3.JPG 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Valdsoncotrin 
Date: May 15, 2014 at 
To: 
; bI
Envoye de mon i Pad 
EFTA00989523

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989524.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989524.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: balerina Simona
Subject: Re: 
Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2018 11:48:45 +0000 
week of 25th? 
On Sat, Jun 16, 2018 at 3:09 AM, balerina Simona < 
> wrote: 
I am delighted!!! when Jeffrey?!?:) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 15 Jun 2018, at 23:04, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.corn> wrote: 
Both 
On Fri, Jun 15, 2018 at 4:58 PM balerina Simona ce 
wrote: 
My dear Jeffrey, 
I have a good contact in Paris for massage! 
This guy is incredibly talented! but its a guy... 
in case if you need absolutely good treatment- facelift , acupressure to relief some pain , gua sha technique 
I will agree with this men to come at your place! 
Or i can come with a train!:) 
http://www.massage-kobido-pans.fr/ 
Miss You. 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00989524
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989525

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989526.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: soon yi previn  
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 13:46:40 +0000 
yes 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 9:24 AM, soon yi previn  
> wrote: 
We have theater tickets on Sunday, so Sunday doesn't work for us. Would you like to do lunch and a walk on 
Saturday? What time would you like us? 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone • 
On May 15, 2014, at 8:35 AM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Im around sat and sunday, 
walk lunch? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989526

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989527.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: 5pm Waheed-Snacks or Dinner? 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 13:46:53 +0000 
snacks 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 9:45 AM, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
Do you wish 5pm on Sunday w/Waheed and son Jeff to be snacks or dinner? 
On May 14, 2014, at 7:57 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grtn> wrote: 
Forwarded message 
From: mwaheedh <mwaheedh@gmail.com>
Date: Wednesday, May 14, 2014 
Subject: Hi 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Cc: Jeffrey Salim Waheed <deehawj@gmail.com>
Yes 5:00 on 18th perfect we will be there 
Waheed 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
Original message 
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:05/14/2014 12:06 PM (GMT-08:00) 
To: mwaheedh ,Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Hi 
ocicok 18th ? 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 3:05 PM, mwaheedh <mwaheedh@gmail.com> wrote: 
Yes we are available any time on 18 and 19th. You decide we will be there. 
Best regards. 
Waheed 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:05/14/2014 10:39 AM (GMT-08:00) 
To: mwaheedh ,Lesley Groff 
EFTA00989527
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: Re: Hi 
can we do afternoon? lets say 2? 
On Wed, May 14, 2014 at 11:30 AM, mwaheedh <mwaheedh@gmail.com> wrote: 
Jeffrey. 
19th is fine as planned. 
Best regards 
Waheed 
Seal from Samsung Mobile 
Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:05/14/2014 6:34 AM (GMT-08:00) 
To: Mohamed Waheed Hassan 
Subject: Re: Hi 
i will be in on the 18th if that works as well 
On Mon, Apr 21, 2014 at 2:25 AM, Mohamed Waheed Hassan <mwaheedh®gmail.com> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I was planning to leave on 18th, but now I will stay until 20th. Look forward to meet you on 19th. 
Should I come to your place on the 19th. I forgot the address now. 
I am looking at two lines of work now. One is in business, I have been working with China and Hong 
Kong based investors. 
Second, I am also looking at special assignment possibilities with the UN. This could include some 
peace building activities. I will be talking to Secretary Generals office. Can I bring my son Jeff also to 
meet you. He is currently Maldives Deputy Ambassador to the UN. 
Best regards, 
Waheed 
Sent from President Waheed's iPad 
On Apr 19, 2014, at 9:04 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
does the 19th work? 
On Sat, Apr 19, 2014 at 7:12 AM, Mohammed Waheed Hassan <mwaheedh@gmail.com> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
How are you. Hope all is well. I have been traveling quite a bit but mainly in Asia; Hong Kong, 
Singapore, Malaysia, Cambodia, and China. But now I am planning to be in New York for a few 
days mid May. Would very much like to stop by and see you if you have time. 
Best regards 
Waheed 
EFTA00989528
--- PAGE 3 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidenti 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00989529
--- PAGE 4 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989530

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989531.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Lunch w/Mort and Ehud on Sun. at noon? 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 13:49:36 +0000 
Yes 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 9:46 AM, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
Do you wish lunch to be served at noon on Sunday with Ehud and Mort? 
On May 14, 2014, at 7:57 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gtn> wrote: 
On Wednesday, May 14, 2014, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Clare is asking if we know what time mort should come on Sunday... 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA00989531
--- PAGE 2 ---
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989532

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989533.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989533.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: soon yi previn < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 13:50:27 +0000 
2? 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 9:48 AM, soon yi previn < 
> wrote: 
What time would you like us? 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone • 
On May 15, 2014, at 9:46 AM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Yes 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 9:24 AM, soon yi previn < 
> wrote: 
We have theater tickets on Sunday, so Sunday doesn't work for us. Would you like to do lunch and a walk 
on Saturday? What time would you like us? 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone • 
On May 15, 2014, at 8:35 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grrtn> wrote: 
Im around sat and sunday, 
walk lunch? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA00989533
--- PAGE 2 ---
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989534

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989535.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989535.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: soon yi previn < 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 14:05:51 +0000 
12? 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 9:51 AM, soon yi previn < 
> wrote: 
That is very late for us. Is it possible to do any earlier? 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone 
On May 15, 2014, at 9:50 AM, "Jeffrey E." leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
2? 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 9:48 AM, soon yi previn < 
> wrote: 
What time would you like us? 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone 111 
On May 15, 2014, at 9:46 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
yes 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 9:24 AM, soon yi previn < 
wrote: 
We have theater tickets on Sunday, so Sunday doesn't work for us. Would you like to do lunch and a 
walk on Saturday? What time would you like us? 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone 
On May 15, 2014, at 8:35 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Im around sat and sunday, 
walk lunch? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA00989535
--- PAGE 2 ---
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
EFTA00989536
--- PAGE 3 ---
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989537

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989538.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989538.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Joe Vincenzo 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 14:16:49 +0000 
ehud is 11 now 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 10:09 AM, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
Below from Vincenzo...I had confirmed last night with him 1 lam on Sunday...today I requested 5pm on 
Sat....Below email is your schedule for Sunday...please advise: 
Morning Lesley! 
Saturday looks somewhat hard, is Sunday a no-go? If so I'll try to move things around for Saturday 
Thanks! 
Vincenzo 
Sun. May 18, 2014 NY 
10:00am Appt w/Mike Fowler (a) 
12:00pm Lunch w/Ehud and Mort Zuckerman 
1:30pm Appt w/Amy Cassell a) 
5:00pm APPT w/Mohamed Waheed Hassan and his son Jeff ( 
SNACKS To be Served. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989538

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989539.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Cecile de Jongh
To: JEE leevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fw: Maintenance Building 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 14:32:47 +0000 
Attachments: 5-15-14_Letter_to_Hon_Carlton_Dowe.docx 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Do you want to send the letter to Dowe on personal letterhead or TWA letterhead? 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
On Wednesday, May 14, 2014 4:58 PM, Darren Indyke <
> wrote: 
Is this what you and JE have in mind? Please review and let me know of any changes, so we can 
send to JE for approval and signature. Thanks. 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
New York, New York 10022 
email: 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - © 2014 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC —All rights reserved. 
On May 12, 2014, at 5:08 PM, Cecile de Jongh c 
wrote: 
Hi Darren, 
EFTA00989539
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please confirm that you received this. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
On Monday, May 12, 2014 1:30 PM, Cecile de Jongh < 
> wrote: 
Darren, 
Jeffrey just spoke to Carlton. He would like a letter proposal from us based on the 
bullet points Carlton laid out below. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
On Thursday, April 17, 2014 3:00 AM, Cecile de Jongh <
MINI
> wrote: 
Please see below. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone and misspellings courtesy of iPhone. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Carlton Dowe 
Date: April 16, 2014 at 2:27:12 PM GMT-4 
To: Cecile de Jongh < 
Subject: RE: Maintenance Building 
Good Afternoon Cecile, 
I trust all is well. 
Based on my conversation with Mr. Epstein and your email communication, Mr. Epstein should prepare a proposal 
to include the following: 
• 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein will utilize the Virgin Islands Port Authority's current Maintenance building which 
is scheduled to be demolished; 
• 
Mr. Epstein will enter into a long term lease agreement with the Virgin Islands Port Authority (VIPA) 
for use of its current Maintenance building as a hangar; 
• 
Mr. Epstein will be responsible for the reconstruction of the current Maintenance building for use as 
a hangar to be leased to Mr. Epstein and owned by the VIPA; 
• 
Mr. Epstein will be responsible for the construction of a new Maintenance building in another 
location as determined by the VIPA for use by the VIPA; and 
• 
The VIPA will be responsible for all architectural drawings and permits necessary to construct the 
new maintenance building for use by VIPA; 
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions or require additional information. 
Regards, 
Carlton Dowe 
EFTA00989540
--- PAGE 3 ---
Executive Director 
Virgin Islands Port Authority 
Post Office Box 301707 
St. Thomas, USVI 00803-1707 
Email: 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
EFTA00989541

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989542.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Mort Zuckerman 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 15:12:00 +0000 
no no no no ehud at 11 mort at 12 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 10:28 AM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Clare says she believes Mort should be available for I lam on sunday but will need to reconfirm with us. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989542

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989543.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacationggmail.corn> 
To: Cecile de Jongh 
Subject: Re: Fw: Maintenance Building 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 15:12:17 +0000 
> 
personal 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 10:32 AM, Cecile de Jongh < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Do you want to send the letter to Dowe on personal letterhead or TWA letterhead? 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
On Wednesday, May 14, 2014 4:58 PM, Darren Indyke <-> 
wrote: 
Is this what you and JE have in mind? Please review and let me know of any changes, so we can 
send to JE for approval and signature. Thanks. 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
New York, New York 10022 
MME 
email: 
********************************************************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - © 2014 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC —All rights reserved. 
*********************************************************************************************** 
On May 12, 2014, at 5:08 PM, Cecile de Jongh <
MMIll
k wrote: 
EFTA00989543
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hi Darren, 
Please confirm that you received this. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
On Monday, May 12, 2014 1:30 PM, Cecile de Jongh < 
> wrote: 
Darren, 
Jeffrey just spoke to Carlton. He would like a letter proposal from us based on the 
bullet points Carlton laid out below. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
On Thursday, April 17, 2014 3:00 AM, Cecile de Jongh 
Please see below. 
With warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone and misspellings courtesy of iPhone. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Carlton Dowe < 
Date: April 16, 2014 at 2:27:12 PM GMT-4 
To: Cecile de Jongh 
Subject: RE: Maintenance Building 
Good Afternoon Cecile, 
I trust all is well. 
wrote: 
Based on my conversation with Mr. Epstein and your email communication, Mr. Epstein should prepare a 
proposal to include the following: 
• 
Mr. Jeffrey Epstein will utilize the Virgin Islands Port Authority's current Maintenance building 
which is scheduled to be demolished; 
• 
Mr. Epstein will enter into a long term lease agreement with the Virgin Islands Port Authority (VIPA) 
for use of its current Maintenance building as a hangar; 
• 
Mr. Epstein will be responsible for the reconstruction of the current Maintenance building for use 
as a hangar to be leased to Mr. Epstein and owned by the VIPA; 
• 
Mr. Epstein will be responsible for the construction of a new Maintenance building in another 
location as determined by the VIPA for use by the VIPA; and 
• 
The VIPA will be responsible for all architectural drawings and permits necessary to construct the 
new maintenance building for use by VIPA; 
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions or require additional information. 
EFTA00989544
--- PAGE 3 ---
Regards, 
Carlton Dowe 
Executive Director 
Virgin Islands Port Authority 
Post Office Box 301707 
St. Thomas, USVI 00803-1707 
Email: 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989545

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989546.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Woody Screening 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 15:12:51 +0000 
yes 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 10:36 AM, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
Shall I tell Brad Karp and Jes Staley the screening of Woody's movie is 5:30 on Wed. May 21st and give the 
address? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989546

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989547.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Andrew Farkas 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 15:13:18 +0000 
1130 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 10:49 AM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Andrew Farkas is asking if we could set up a time for you to speak with him today...his schedule is very 
tight...he could do 11:30 or 2:15 both for 15 minutes. Please advise if one of these times would work for you. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989547

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989548.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <cjeevaeation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Fwd: Harrys tuition request 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 15:18:43 +0000 
Attachments: SHBRK_Scann14051510070.pdf 
harry sent in a tuition request in the amount of 18,610 
please advise if ok to pay from jee personal account 
my emails are being sent twice (fames to fix this afternoon) so i apologize if you get this twice 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 646-350-0954 
cell 917-414-7584 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: bellaklein 
Subject: Harrys tuition request 
Date: May 15, 2014 at 10:32:11 AM EDT 
To: Rich Kahn 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
Date: Ma 15, 2014 at 10:08:04 AM EDT 
To: 
Reply-To: 
EFTA00989548

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989549.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: ehud barak
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 15:19:11 +0000 
I will now be in ny starting sat at 12 pm 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989549

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989550.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Kahn
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 15:21:01 +0000 
> 
delson int! 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 11:19 AM, < 
do you have a preference on tarry delson payment: 
a) Lany Delson 
b) Delson International, Inc. 
Please advise 
Thank you 
wrote: 
my emails are being sent twice (fames to fix this afternoon) so i apologize if you get this twice 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: lawrence delson < 
Date: Ma 14, 2014 at 5:04:44 PM EDT 
To: 
Reply-To: lawrence delson 
Hi Rich 
Nice speaking with you. 
Let me know if you prefer that I prepare a bill in my name or in my company name. 
Best 
Larry Delson 
Delson International, Inc. 
EFTA00989550
--- PAGE 2 ---
New York, NY 10163 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989551

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989552.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Sierra Poleon <=I
> 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 12:24:06 +0000 
Yes 
EFTA00989552

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989553.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
To: Larry Cohen
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 16:28:12 +0000 
not sure where momentum has gone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989553

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989554.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Jes Staley 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 17:09:12 +0000 
FYI-Jes Staley is currently in China...Rosa will check with him about the Woody Allen screening and get back to 
EFTA00989554

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989555.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Larry Cohen
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: RE: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 17:12:28 +0000 
Does 2:30pm ET work for a Skype on the 21st? 
From: jeffrey E. [jeevacation®gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, May 15, 2014 9:28 AM 
To: Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
not sure where momentum has gone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.conailto:jeevacation®gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989555

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989556.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989556.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: ehud bask
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 17:16:14 +0000 
Very good. We can meet Saturday afternoon or early evening. EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 15, 2014, at 18:19, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I will now be in ny starting sat at 12 pm 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea@gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989556

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989557.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff <MIMIII
> 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Brock Pierce 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 17:23:55 +0000 
Brock Pierce is scheduled to speak on a panel on May 31st in Santa Monica...his assistant is asking if he could 
meet with you June 1,2 or 3 in NY? Please advise. 
EFTA00989557

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989558.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lany Cohen
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 17:27:45 +0000 
Yes 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 1:12 PM, Larry Cohen < 
wrote: 
Does 2:30pm ET work for a Skype on the 21st? 
From: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Thursday, May 15, 2014 9:28 AM 
To: Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
not sure where momentum has gone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com<mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989558

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989559.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Re: Brock Pierce 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 17:28:00 +0000 
june 1 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 1:23 PM, 
wrote: 
Brock Pierce is scheduled to speak on a panel on May 31st in Santa Monica...his assistant is asking if he could 
meet with you June 1,2 or 3 in NY? Please advise. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989559

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989560.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Brock Pierce 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 17:29:27 +0000 
call katherine lisa friend and ask her if her friend is free on monday 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 1:23 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
Brock Pierce is scheduled to speak on a panel on May 31st in Santa Monica...his assistant is asking if he could 
meet with you June 1,2 or 3 in NY? Please advise. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989560

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989561.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: Lesley Groff 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 18:26:12 +0000 
Mort is going to the 9/11 Museum at 4:30 on Saturday... 
On May 15, 2014, at 1:28 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
see if mort is around sat around 5 
Forwarded message  
From: ehud barak  
Date: Thu, May 15, 2014 at 1:16 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Very good. We can meet Saturday afternoon or early evening. EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 15, 2014, at 18:19, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I will now be in ny starting sat at 12 pm 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA00989561
--- PAGE 2 ---
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989562

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989563.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989563.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." leevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 23 Nov 2017 12:31:08 +0000 
Waiting to hear back from her! I suggested to meet for a coffee today 
On Thu, Nov 23, 2017 at 6:49 AM Jeffrey E. <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
johnan doesnt respond. try to meet with her. need to make sure she isnt up to something 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989563

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989564.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989564.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: David Stern
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 18:53:29 +0000 
Date , time foe fisher and you 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989564

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989565.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Richard Henriques 5 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 19:14:28 +0000 
can we have a call you me and connie in the next day or so? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989565

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989566.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989566.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: MI
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 19:15:51 +0000 
send olivier a note that says . realisticlaly if you want to meet people in st petersburg, you should ask jeffrey, 
he know many that are going 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989566

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989567.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989567.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Greg Wyler"
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: No subject 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 19:16:09 +0000 
Best number? 
On May 15, 2014 12:13 PM, "jeffrey E." leevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
speak? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989567

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989568.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Greg Wyler
Subject: Re: No subject 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 19:16:32 +0000 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 3:16 PM, Greg Wyler czl 
> wrote: 
Best number? On May 15, 2014 12:13 PM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
speak? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989568

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989569.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff <1 
Subject: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 19:26:48 +0000 
call thiel capital, and ask peters sectretay if he is coinign to ny on 19th 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989569

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989570.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stern
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 19:28:27 +0000 
You want us in NY on May 31 or later? 
On 15 May 2014, at 19:53, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Date , time foe fisher and you 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989570

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989571.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: John look <MIIII=M> 
To: Rich Kahn <n>, 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Hi 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 19:34:51 +0000 
I am at the bank 
They tell me that they need to wait from the loan department to give them details on cd . maturation etcc. 
EFTA00989571

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989572.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: David Stem <1 
To: 
Cc: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 19:37:39 +0000 
Dear =I 
I hope you are well ! 
I agreed with Jeffrey to meet him in NYC together with Leonhard Fischer and the initial date discussed was May 
31. 
Please let me know if this date is suitable and at what time we should be at the house. 
Many thanks, 
David 
On 15 May 2014, at 13:47, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ok 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 8:38 AM, David Stern < 
> wrote: 
Yes, I will organise and come with him. OK ? 
On 15 May 2014, at 13:36, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
leonard is supposed to come to ny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989572
--- PAGE 2 ---
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989573

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989574.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 19:38:29 +0000 
I found a number for Clarium Capital Management LLC (MM) 
I asked to speak with Peter Thiel's assistant and was told I have to leave a message for her...I left a message 
asking if Peter will be in NY this Monday May 19th... 
Clarium Capital Management LLC 
San Francisco, CA 94129 
Neighborhood: Presidio 
On May 15, 2014, at 3:26 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
call thiel capital, and ask peters sectretay if he is coinign to ny on 19th 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989574

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989575.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "COLOM, Olivier"
To: ' 
" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 19:50:51 +0000 
Could you help us meet good people in Saint Petersburg? I think you know a few that go there - I only know the Russian 
ores... 
De : Jeffrey E. [rnailto:jeevacatIon@gmall.com] 
Envoyé : Thursday, May 15, 2014 01:07 PM 
À : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : 
how did the inteview go?, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retum e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2,_ Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables N'imprimez ce mail que si nécessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et établis à l'attention exclusive des destinataires 
prévus par l'expéditeur. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire de ce message, nous vous remercions de le détruire 
immédiatement et d'en avertir l'expéditeur. Toute utilisation ou diffusion non autorisée de ce message et de ses 
annexes est interdite. Tout message électronique est susceptible d'altération et son intégrité ne peut être 
assurée. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra être tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou omissions contenues 
dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, 
sous réserve de tout accord par écrit entre vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformément à la Loi 
Informatique et Libertés, n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiée par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 août 2004, toute personne 
a le droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les traitements automatisés dont il 
dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la concernant, les faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Français I English I Italiano I Deutsch I Espahol I Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous droits réservés 
EFTA00989575

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989576.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: David Stem  
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 20:21:28 +0000 
good or 1 st either 
On Thu, May 15, 2014 at 3:28 PM, David Stem MIMIEIM 
wrote: 
You want us in NY on May 31 or later? 
On 15 May 2014, at 19:53, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation®gmail.com> wrote: 
Date , time foe fisher and you 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jea®gmail.com,  and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989576

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989577.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@grnail.com> 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: 
Date: Thu, 15 May 2014 20:22:34 +0000 
Forwarded message 
From: COLOM, Olivier <1 
Date: 2014-05-15 15:50 GMT-04:00 
Subject: Re: 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Could you help us meet good people in Saint Petersburg? I think you know a few that go there - I only know the Russian 
ones... 
De : Jeffrey E. [mailtoleeyacationegmall.com 
Envoy₹ : Thursday, May 15, 2014 01:07 PM 
A : COLOM, Olivier 
Objet : 
how did the inteview go?, 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Ensemble adoptons des gestes responsables : N'imprimez ce mail que si 
necessaire. 
Ce message et ses annexes sont strictement confidentiels et etablis a ('attention exclusive 
des destinataires prevus par l'exp4diteur. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire de ce message, 
nous vous remercions de le detruire immediatement et d'en avertir l'expediteur. Toute 
EFTA00989577
--- PAGE 2 ---
utilisation ou diffusion non autorisee de ce message et de ses annexes est interdite. Tout 
message electronique est susceptible d'alteration et son integrite ne peut etre assuree. 
Le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild ne pourra etre tenu pour responsable des erreurs ou 
omissions contenues dans ce message. Ce message ne constitue en aucun cas un 
engagement du Groupe Edmond de Rothschild, sous reserve de tout accord par ecrit entre 
vous et le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. Conformement A la Loi Informatique et Libertes, 
n°78-17 du 6 juillet 1978, modifiee par la loi n°2004-801 du 6 ao0t 2004, toute personne a le 
droit d'interroger le Groupe Edmond de Rothschild en vue de savoir si les traitements 
automatises dont it dispose contiennent des informations nominatives la concernant, les 
faire rectifier ou les faire supprimer. 
Francais I English I Italian° I Deutsch 
Espanol I Chinese 
O2004 - La Compagnie Financiers Edmond de Rothschild Banque - tous drafts reserves 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989578

--- SOURCE: 0421__EFTA00989579.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: 0421
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA00989579.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Subject: 
Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2018 11:53:45 +0000 
batty , anytime this weekend , phone or skype. . and if you are free in new york mond or tues. im easy. . As 
you may know , you can feel free to discuss anything. my confidentiality has been tested many times , with 
no cracks. :) 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA00989579
