
--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448971.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Account Agreement 
Jaspers, Inc 
SSW 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
Address 
St Thomas, USVI 
00802 
airair 
Account Title (Complete if different from the Client above) 
Account NumbetI51 
IMPORTANT: PLEASE SIGN AND RETURN THIS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT 
This is the account agreement (Account Agreement) between Client and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred to herein 
as "138S1'). It includes the terms and conditions and is the contract that controls each brokerage account in which Client 
has an interest (each an "Account"). Client agrees to read this Account Agreement and the Appendix to this Account 
Agreement: Disclosures and Definitions ("Appendix") carefully. If Client is not willing to be bound by these terms and 
conditions, Client should not sign this Account Agreement. Client's signature confirms that Client has read and agrees to 
the terms of this Account Agreement and the Appendix annexed hereto. 
I. CLIENT REPRESENTATIONS 
Client certifies that all of the information provided by Client in this Account Agreement is accurate and complete and 
that each of the following statements is accurate as to Client and Client's Account: 
a. Where Client is a natural person, Client is of legal age; 
b. For all accounts: (a) no one except the person(s) named on the Account(s), or, if signed in a representative 
capacity, then no one except the beneficial owner(s), has any interest in the Account(s), (b) Client is and will 
remain compliant with all Applicable Laws, (c) Client is financially capable of satisfying any obligations 
undertaken through Client's Account(s), (d) Client acknowledges that the purchase and sale of securities entails 
substantial economic risk, and represents knowingly and willingly that Client can assume such risk and (e) Client 
has read and understands the terms set forth in this Account Agreement and those agreements or supplements 
incorporated by reference and understands that Client is bound by such terms; 
c. Client agrees to notify us in writing if: (a) Client is or becomes an employee, member or immediate family 
member of any securities exchange (or corporation of which any exchange owns a majority of the capital stock), 
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) or of any broker-dealer, (b) Client is or becomes a senior 
officer or immediate family member of such a person of any bank, savings and loan institution, insurance 
company, investment company, investment advisory firm or institution that purchases securities, or other 
employer whose consent is required to open and maintain this Account by regulation or otherwise, unless such 
consent has been provided to 0651. 
Client will promptly notify DBSI in writing if any of the above circumstances change. 
II. TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO CLIENT'S ACCOUNT(S) 
The following terms and conditions govern Client's Account(s): 
1. Rights of DBSI. All rights granted to DBSI under this Account Agreement are granted with the understanding that it 
shall be within the sole discretion of DBSI whether, and in what manner, to exercise such rights. The failure of DBSI 
to exercise any right granted under this Account Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such right or any other 
right granted hereunder. DBSI retains the right to delegate to its agent, including its clearing agent, Pershing LLC 
(Pershing), one or more of DBSI's rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Client. 
2. Cash Account. DBSI will classify each Account as a cash brokerage account. DBSI must separately approve the 
opening of a margin account (Margin Account) and Client must separately sign the Margin Agreement. 
3. Order Execution. Orders for the purchase or sale of assets may be routed to or executed through any exchange, market 
or broker that DBS1 selects. 
4. Rules and Regulations. All transactions in Account(s) shall be conducted in accordance with and subject to 
Applicable Law. 
13AWM-0198 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104180 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250364 
EFTA01448971

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448972.pdf
----------------------------------------
5. Purchase of Securities. DBSI requires that cash accounts contain sufficient funds to settle a transaction, but has the 
right to accept an order without sufficient funds with the understanding that Client will submit payment on or before 
settlement date for each security purchased. DBSI retains the right to cancel or liquidate any order accepted and/or 
executed without prior notice to Client, if DBSI does not receive payment by settlement date. Alternatively, upon 
Client's failure to pay for purchased and settled securities, DBSI has the right to sell Securities and Other Property 
held in any of Client's Account(s), and charge to Client any loss resulting therefrom. 
6. Sale of Securities. Client agrees that in a cash account: (a) Client will not sell any Security before it is paid for, (b) 
Client will own each security sold at the time of sale, (c) unless such security is already held in the Account, Client 
will promptly deliver such security thereto on or before settlement date, (d) Client will promptly make full cash 
payment of any amount which may become due in order to meet necessary requests for additional deposits and (e) 
with respect to any Securities and Other Property sold, Client will satisfy any mark to the market deficiencies. Client 
must affect all Short Sales in a margin account and designate these sales as -short." All other sales will be 
designated as "long" and will be deemed to be owned by Client. In the event that DBSI enters an order to sell 
Securities and Other Property that Client represents Client owns, but which are not held in the Account at the time of 
sale, and Client fails to make delivery by settlement date, DBSI has the right to purchase or borrow any Securities 
and Other Property necessary to make the required delivery. Client agrees to compensate DBSI for any loss or cost, 
including interest, commission or fees sustained as a result of the foregoing. DBSI charges interest on unpaid 
balances in cash accounts from the close of business on settlement date. See the Annual Disclosure Statement, at 
hup://www.pwm.db.com/americas/en/annualdisclosurestatement.html for additional information on interest charges. 
7. Restrictions on Trading. DBSI has the right to prohibit or restrict Client's ability to trade Securities and Other 
Property, or to substitute securities in Client's Account. 
8. Restricted Securities. Client will not buy, sell or pledge any Restricted Securities without DBSI's prior written 
approval. Prior to placing any order for Restricted Securities subject to Rule 144 or 145 of the Securities Act of 1933, 
Client must identify the status of the securities and furnish DBSI with the necessary documents (including opinions 
of legal counsel, if requested) to obtain approval to transfer and register these securities. DBSI will not be liable for 
any delays in the processing of these securities or for any losses caused by these delays. DBSI has the right to 
decline to accept an order for these securities until the transfer and registration of such securities has been approved. 
9. Order Placement and Cancellation/Modification Requests. When Client verbally places a trade with a Client 
Advisor, Client will be bound to the oral confirmation repeated back to Client, unless Client objects at the time of the 
order. Client understands that requests to cancel/modify an order that DBSI accepts are on a best efforts basis only. 
10. Aggregation of Orders and Average Prices. Client authorizes DBSI to aggregate orders for Client Account(s) with 
other orders. Client recognizes that in so doing, Client may receive an average price for orders that may differ from 
the price(s) Client may have received had the orders not been aggregated. Client understands that this practice may 
also result in orders being only partially completed. 
11. Transmission of Instructions. Client understands and accepts responsibility for the transmission of instructions to 
0BSI and will bear the risk of loss arising from the method of transmission used in the event of transmission errors, 
misunderstandings, impersonations, transmission by unauthorized persons, forgery or intercepts. Except in the case 
of gross negligence, Client agrees to release and indemnify DBSI, its affiliates, employees and directors from any 
and all liability arising from the execution of transactions based on such instructions. 
12. Role of Certain Third Parties. DBSI engages a third-party clearing agent, Pershing. Client understands that Pershing 
is the custodian of Client's assets, clears and settles all transactions, and extends credit on any margin purchases, 
where applicable. Client further understands that Pershing may accept from DBSI, without inquiry or investigation: (i) 
orders for the purchase or sale of Securities and Other Property on margin or otherwise, and (ii) any other 
instructions concerning Account(s). Client further understands that the contract between DBSI and Pershing, and the 
services rendered thereunder, are not intended to create a joint venture, partnership or other form of business 
organization of any kind. Pershing shall not be responsible or liable to Client for any acts or omissions of DBSI or its 
employees. Pershing does not provide investment advice, nor offer any opinion on the suitability of any transaction 
or order. DBSI is not acting as the agent of Pershing. Client cannot hold Pershing, its affiliates and its officers, 
directors and agents liable for any trading losses that Client incurs. 
13. Liens. Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other 
Property in the possession or control of DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest (held 
individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and Other Property are referred to herein as 
"Collateral") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its Affiliates or 
Pershing (collectively, all such obligations are referred to herein as the "Obligations"). Clients who are joint 
accountholders (Joint Accountholders) acknowledge and agree that pursuant to the lien to DBSI and Affiliates, the 
Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint 
Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates or Pershing (whether individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any 
and all Obligations of each Joint Accountholder to DBSI and its Affiliates or Pershing. With respect to the lien 
granted to DBSI and its Affiliates, DBSI (or Pershing, at 0851's instruction) may, at any time and without prior notice, 
sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all such Collateral in order to 
satisfy any Obligations. In enforcing this lien, DBSI shall have the discretion to determine what and how much 
Collateral to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed 
to grant an interest in any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c)(1) 
(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 406(a)(i)(B) of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement account(s) maintained by 
DBSI, which may include IRAs or qualified plans, are not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property 
may only be used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to Client's retirement account(s). 
13•AWM-0198 
012146.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104181 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250365 
EFTA01448972

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448973.pdf
----------------------------------------
14. Satisfaction of Indebtedness and Assignment of Rights. Client agrees to satisfy, upon demand, any indebtedness, 
including any interest and commission charges and to pay the reasonable costs and expenses of collection of any 
amount Client owes to DBSI, including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs. Client agrees that DBSI or 
Pershing may execute or assign to each other or any third party any rights or obligations Client granted under this 
Account Agreement, including but not limited to the right to collect any Obligations, or liquidate any Securities and 
Other Property held in Account(s). 
15. Fees. Client understands that DBSI charges an Annual Account Fee for certain accounts and may charge service 
fees, processing fees and/or other fees or commissions, for the transactions and other services provided, more fully 
described in the Annual Disclosure Statement, at http://www.pwm.db.com/americas/en/annualdisclosurestatement. 
html. Client understands that these fees will be charged to Account(s) and authorizes DBSI to deduct such fees from 
Client's Account(s). 
16. No FDIC Insurance, Not Obligations of Any Bank. Client understands that the assets in Client's Account are subject 
to the risk of partial or total loss due to market fluctuations or the insolvency of the issuer(s). The assets in Client's 
Account (including all related cash balances and shares of any Mutual Fund) are not deposits or other obligations of 
NISI, Deutsche Bank AG, Pershing or any other bank, are not guaranteed by DBSI, Deutsche Bank AG, 
Administrator, Bank or any other bank, and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). 
Monies held in the Insured Deposit Program (IDP) may be FDIC insured while those monies are held in a depository 
account at a participating bank as described in the IDP Terms and Conditions. Client may from time to time be 
offered investment products for which DBSI or Deutsche Bank AG is an obligor. These products may be complex, 
may not provide for the retum of the full amount of principal invested or for the payment of a fixed rate of interest 
(or any interest) and will not usually be covered by FDIC insurance, unless otherwise disclosed in the written offering 
documents for such products. 
17. Cash Sweep Selection. Client agrees to contact DBSI regarding the selection of Cash Sweep Options and 
understands that Client's choice of Cash Sweep Options may be limited to money market mutual funds or 
deposit products that are unaffiliated with DBSI if Client's Account is an individual retirement account or an ERISA 
account, or if DBSI is acting as Client's investment adviser. Client understands that any funds Client has on deposit 
with the banks participating in IDP will be allocated among such banks in a manner described in the IDP Terms 
and Conditions. 
18. Credit Information and Investigation. Client authorizes DBSI and Pershing to obtain reports concerning Client's 
credit standing and business conduct at their discretion without notifying Client. Client also authorizes DBSI to share 
among service providers (as set forth herein) and DBSI Affiliates such credit-related and business conduct 
information and any other confidential information 0851, Deutsche Bank AG and such Affiliate(s) may have about 
Client and Client's Account, in accordance with DBSI's Privacy Policy and Applicable Law. DBSI and Pershing will 
provide Client with a copy of each of their Privacy Policies shortly after execution by Client of this Agreement. Client 
may request a copy of Client's credit report, and upon request DBSI will identify the name and address of the 
consumer reporting agency that furnished it. 
19. Confirmations, Statements and Other Communications. Client agrees to notify DBSI in writing, within ten (10) days 
after transmittal to Client of a confirmation, of any objection Client has to any transaction in Client's Account(s). In 
the absence of such written notification, Client agrees that all transactions in Client's Account(s) will be final and 
binding. Client understands objections must be directed to the Branch Supervisor in writing, at the address on 
Client's account statement or confirm. For more information on how confirmations and account statements are 
delivered, please refer to the Appendix to this Account Agreement. 
20. Recording Conversations. Client consents to DBSI recording any or all telephone calls with Client. 
21. Joint Accounts. 
a. Unless Clients specify "tenants in common" or "community property," Clients authorize DBSI to designate a joint 
account as "joint tenants with right of survivorship,' or as "tenants by the entireties" if Clients are married and 
reside in a state that recognizes said designation for personal property. Clients agree that joint accounts will be 
carried by DBSI on Pershing's books in the form reflected by the Account name appearing on the account 
statement. In the event that the Account is a joint tenancy with right of survivorship or a tenancy by the 
entireties, the entire interest in the joint Account shall be vested in the survivor or survivors on the same terms 
and conditions as before the death. The survivors and the estate of the deceased Accountholder will indemnify 
0851 for any loss incurred through treatment of the Account as provided herein. 
b. Clients agree that each party to the joint account shall have authority to deal with OBS' as if each were the sole 
Account owner, all without notice to the other Account owner(s). Clients agree that notice to any Account owner 
shall be deemed to be notice to all account owners. Each Account owner shall be jointly and severally liable for 
this Account. DBSI may follow the instructions of any owner concerning this Account and make deliveries to any 
owner, of any or all property and payment, even if such deliveries and/or payments shall be made to one owner 
personally and not to all of the Account owners. DBSI shall be under no obligation to inquire into the purpose of 
any such demand for delivery of securities or payment and shall not be bound to see to the application or 
disposition of the securities and/or monies so delivered or paid to any Account owner. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, DBSI may require joint action by all account owners with respect to any matter concerning the 
account, including the giving or cancellation of orders and the withdrawal of monies, Securities and Other 
Property. In the event DBSI receives conflicting instructions from any owner, it may in its sole discretion: (a) 
follow any such instructions, (b) require written or verbal authorization of both, all or any owner before acting on 
the instructions from any one owner, (c) send the assets of the Account to the address of the account, or (d) file 
an interpleader action in an appropriate court to let the court decide the dispute. 
13.AVVW0196 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104182 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250388 
EFTA01448973

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448974.pdf
----------------------------------------
IV. TAX ELECTION/DECLARATION OF TAX STATUS 
This Account Agreement is designed for use by both U.S. Persons and Non-U.S. Persons. Please check the box next to the applicable item below. 
Client certifies that Client will notify OBS, in writing immediately if the representation certified to below ceases to be true and correct. 
1.O U.S. Citizen or U.S. Resident Alien 
Form W9 
Substitute 
Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification 
usiness name/disregarded entity name, d different from above 
appropriate box for federal tax classification (require 
Individual/sole proprietor 0 
C Corporation 0 
S Corporation 0 
Partnership 0 
Trust/estate 
O Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C=C corporation, 5=5 corporation, P=partnership) 
Other 
El Exempt payee 
MAI 
110.4 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Port II 
Sign 
Here 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on the -Name" line 
to avoid backup withholding. For individuals, this is your social security number ISSN). For other 
entities, it is your employer identification number IEIN). 
Social Security Number 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me). and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: la) I am exempt from backup withholding, or lb) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service 1IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding, and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined in the instructions). 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding 
because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. 
2.0 Non-U.S. Person 
I am not a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien). I am submitting the applicable Form W8 with this form to certify my foreign status and. if applicable, 
claim tax treaty benefits. 
For example: Client is not a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien). Client agrees to provide OBSI with this application the applicable Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) Form W-8 to certify the client's foreign status. W-8 forms and instructions are available on the IRS website at www.irs.gov. 
13-AWM-0198 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104185 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250369 
EFTA01448974

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448975.pdf
----------------------------------------
BY SIGNING BELOW CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT: (1) CLIENT HAS RECEIVED, READ AND AGREES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS 
ACCOUNT AGREEMENT. INCLUDING THE APPENDIX WHICH CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION; AND (2) THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS 
ACCOUNT APPLICATION IS ACCURATE. 
CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT CONTAINS A PREDISPUTE ARBITRATION CLAUSE AT SECTION III, PAGE 5, AND CLIENT 
AGREES TO ITS TERMS (ALL ACCOUNT AGREEMENT SIGNATORIES MUST INITIAL', 
IINfx1ALblaEl 
THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE DOES NOT REQUIRE CLIENTS CONSENT TO ANY PROVISION OF THIS DOCUMENT OTHER THAN THE CERTIFICATION 
REQUIRED TO AVOID BACKUP WITHHOLDING. AND, IF APPLICABLE. THE CERTIFICATION REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH CUENT'S STATUS AS A NON-U.S. 
PERSON AND OBTAIN A REDUCED RATE OF WITHHOLDING. 
Important Information for ERISA employee benefit plan clients: U.S. Department of Labor regulations require DBSI to disclose to a responsible plan fiduciary 
certain information in connection with the services that DBSI provides to a plan, to assist the fiduciary in evaluating the reasonableness of DBSI's services and 
related compensation. The disclosure is available online, at http://www.pwm.db.comtamerkasierderisa_disclosurnAcs.html. By signing below, you acknowledge 
that you aro a fiduciary responsible for the procurement of DBSI's services to the plan, you have read the disclosure and you understand the disclosure. 
Individual or joint account (IF THIS IS A JOINT ACCOUNT, ALL ACCOUNT OWNERS MUST SIGN): 
CONFIRMATION OF TAX AND COMPLIANCE RESPONSIBILITIES 
Client acknowledges having sole responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable in any relevant jurisdictions that 
may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in Client's accounts) and business relationship with DBSI. 
CHECK A BOX BELOW ONLY IF CLIENTS DO NOT WANT JOINT TENANTS WITH RIGHTS OF SURVIVORSHIP OR TENANTS BY THE ENTIRETIES. 
CLIENTS SPECIFY INSTEAD: 
OTenants in common; or 
OCommunity Property (for married couples in certain states: each spouse retains 50% interest in the community property upon death of the first spouse).
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Signature 
Date  
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Corporation, partnership, trust or other entity: 
CONFIRMATION OF TAX AND COMPLIANCE RESPONSIBILITIES 
Client acknowledges having sole responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable to in any relevant jurisdictions 
that may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in Client's accountfsl and business relationship with DBSI. Furthermore, Client confirms that the 
necessary information Ito the best of Client's knowledge and capabilities) is made available no less than annually to the relevant beneficial owner(s), settlor(s), 
beneficiaryliesl. partnor(sl, etc. to enable such personis) to fulfill any respective tax obligations that may arise for such personfs1 in connection withaliertp 
business relationship with 0851. 
Name of Entity Jeepers, Inc 
 Employer ID No. 
Signature of Officer, Partner. Trustee, Authorized Party 
Deti 
Print NameffillejeffreY Epstein 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee. Authorized Party 
 Date 
Print Name/Title 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
 Date 
Print Name/Title 
13'AWM'0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104186 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250370 
EFTA01448975

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448976.pdf
----------------------------------------
APPENDIX TO THIS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT: DISCLOSURES AND DEFINITIONS 
IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS APPENDIX 
DISCLOSURES 
1. 
Confirmations. Confirmations of transactions, as well as other communications will be sent to the address Client 
has provided, or to such other address as Client may hereafter give to DBSI in writing, and all communications so 
sent, whether by mail, private carrier, facsimile, messenger, electronically or otherwise, shall be deemed delivered 
to Client when sent, whether actually received or not. 
2. Consent to Loan or Pledge of Securities and other Property. Within the limitations imposed by Applicable Law, all 
Securities and Other Property now or hereafter held, carried or maintained by or in the possession of DBSI that 
have not been fully paid for may be lent to DBSI, to Pershing or to others, and may be pledged, repledged, 
hypothecated or rehypothecated without notice to Client, either separately or in common with other Securities and 
Other Property of DBSI's other Clients for any amount due in any account with DBSI in which Client has an 
interest, or for any greater amount, and DBSI may do so without retaining in its possession or control for delivery a 
like amount of similar Securities and Other Property. Client understands that while securities held for Client's 
Account(s) are loaned out, Client will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. For additional terrns that apply 
to margin accounts only, see the Margin Addendum. Neither Pershing, nor DBSI, will lend or pledge fully paid for 
securities without Client's written permission. 
3. Corrected and Late Trade Reports. DBSI may receive late and/or erroneous trade reports from the marketplace 
where Client's order is executed. Any such reports may result in an adjustment to Client's order or the information 
on a trade execution reported to Client. 
4. Effect of Attachment or Sequestration of Accounts. DBSI shall not be liable for refusing to obey any orders given 
by or for Client with respect to any Account which is or has been subject to an attachment or sequestration in any 
legal proceeding against Client, and DBSI shall be under no obligation to contest the validity of any such 
attachment or sequestration. 
5. Foreign Securities. With respect to debt or equity securities of foreign issuers or debt or deposit instruments of 
foreign banks ("Foreign Securities"), Client acknowledges and understands that: (a) Foreign Securities are, in most 
cases, not registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission or listed on any U.S. securities exchange, (b) 
Foreign Securities, particularly those of issuers in the so-called "emerging markets" are often illiquid, are 
sometimes subject to legal and/or contractual transfer restrictions and it may be difficult or impossible to dispose 
of such Foreign Securities prior to the maturity thereof or to determine the market price thereof for valuation 
purposes, (c) Foreign Securities, and the issuer, guarantors or other obligors with respect thereto ("Foreign Issuers/ 
Obligors") are subject to a variety of risks in addition to those typically faced in the case of U.S. securities and 
issuers, including, among other things, currency risk, exchange controls, confiscatory taxation, withholding, 
limitations on the rights of security holders, civil unrest, hyperinflation, discriminatory treatment of foreign 
investors, etc., (d) there is often less information available regarding Foreign Issuers/Obligors, and such information 
may be more difficult to interpret, than is the case with U.S. issuers whose securities are subject to the periodic 
reporting requirements under U.S. securities laws, (e) there may be no effective means to determine if a Foreign 
Issuer/Obligor is in default of its obligations in respect of its debt securities or other financial obligations (and Client 
specifically acknowledges that Foreign Securities which Client purchases may be in default at the time of 
purchase), (f) Foreign Securities in question may be unrated, and (g) such Foreign Securities are not suitable for all 
investors. Client authorizes DBSI to purchase Foreign Securities (and, in the case of Foreign Securities 
denominated in foreign currencies, the relevant foreign currencies) from or sell Foreign Securities (and foreign 
exchange) to an Affiliate of DBSI. In dealing with such Affiliates, such Affiliates may take and retain their normal 
commissions, spreads or other fees without regard to DBSI's relationship with Client. 
6. Freeriding Prohibited (Not Applicable to Margin Accounts). Paying for the purchase of securities in a cash account 
with the proceeds of their subsequent sale, known as freeriding, violates Regulation T of the Federal Reserve 
Board, is prohibited and may, among other things, result in Client's Account being restricted or closed. 
7. Impartial Lottery Allocation System. When DBSI holds Securities and Other Property that are callable (all or in 
part) on Client's behalf, Client will participate in DBSI's impartial lottery allocation system for the called Securities 
and Other Property. 
8. Non-Investment Adviser Capacity. Unless DBSI agrees otherwise in wilting, DBSI is not acting as an Investment 
adviser (as such tennis defined in the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended) with respect to the Client's 
Account(s). 
9. Non-United States Resident Additional Disclosure and Understanding. This disclosure applies to non-United 
States residents and non-United States domiciled entities. Client's Account is based in the United States, and not 
in Client's country of residence. DBSI accounts, products and services may not have been registered, reviewed or 
approved by any govemmental, banking or securities regulator in Client's country of residence or domicile. Not all 
of DBSI accounts, products, services or investments are available to residents of all countries. Many countries 
have various laws, rules and regulations that may apply to opening and maintaining accounts, products or services 
outside Client's country of residence or domicile, including reporting and filing requirements and laws, rules and 
regulations regarding taxes, exchange or capital controls. Client is responsible for knowledge of and adherence to 
any such laws, rules and regulations and reporting or filing requirements in Client's country or domicile of 
residence that might apply as a result of Client's Account with DBSI in the United States. These may include but 
are not limited to, tax, foreign exchange or capital controls, and reporting or filing requirements that may apply as 
a result of Client's country of citizenship, domicile or residence. Client currently complies and will continue to 
comply with any such laws, rules, regulations and reporting or filing requirements as required by Client's country 
of citizenship, residence or domicile. 
13.AWM•0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104187 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250371 
EFTA01448976

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448977.pdf
----------------------------------------
10. Notices. Notices and other communications may also be provided to Client verbally. Such notices and other 
communications left for Client on Client's answering machine, voice mail, electronic mail or otherwise, are 
considered to have been delivered to Client whether actually received or not. Transactions entered into Client's 
Account shall be confirmed by DBSI in writing where required by law or regulation. DBSI will not send separate 
confirmations for the following transactions: (a) dividends or distributions credited or reinvested, or transactions 
effected pursuant to a Dividend Reinvestment Plan, (b) shares of money market funds that are purchased or 
redeemed, or are part of the Cash Sweep Options, or (c) transactions effected pursuant to a periodic plan or an 
investment company plan. Client's periodic account statements will reflect these transactions. Notices concerning all 
matters related to Account(s) usually will go through DBSI although Pershing may send notices) directly to Client 
with a duplicate to DBSI should market conditions, time constraints or other circumstances so require. 
11. Possible Conflicts of Interest. Services and recommendations that DBSI provides to Client may differ from the 
services and recommendations provided to other Clients or by other individuals or groups at DBSI and/or affiliates of 
Deutsche Bank AG, whether acting as principal or agent. DBSI provides investment advice, portfolio management 
and execution services for many Clients and, in addition, acts as principal in various markets. Given these different 
roles, individuals and groups at DBSI and affiliates of Deutsche Bank AG are seldom of one view as to an investment 
strategy and may pursue differing or conflicting strategies. Employees of DBSI shall have no obligation to 
recommend to Client, or inform Client of, strategies being pursued by DBSI or other Clients. Further, (a) DBSI and its 
affiliates may provide services for a fee to or solicit business from companies whose securities are recommended by 
DBSI, (b) DBSI and its affiliates may be paid fees by investment companies registered under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 or other investment vehicles, including without limitation, fees for acting as investment 
advisor, administrator, custodian and transfer agent, and (c) DBSI and its affiliates act as brokers, principals and/or 
market makers in certain markets and may do so in transactions with Client. DBSI may recommend securities or 
strategies that are issued, underwritten, implemented or advised by DBSI or one or more of its affiliates. DBSI may 
receive compensation, in addition to the compensation Client pays DBSI, in the form of Rule 12b-1 fees, distribution 
fees, finder's fees, fees based upon fund management fees and cash or non-cash payments that are paid by mutual 
funds lout of fund assets in the case of Rule 12b-1 fees) or by the managers and other service providers to the funds 
(not out of fund assets). DBSI also participates in a program offered by Pershing, under which DBSI shares in 
revenue received by Pershing from mutual funds offered on the Pershing platform. All of these payments may vary 
based on sales volume or assets under management and may give DBSI a financial incentive to recommend certain 
funds or strategies and to include those funds in models and programs. In addition, DBSI may receive trail 
compensation in connection with sales of auction rate securities. 
12. Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). DBSI provides SIPC coverage through Pershing and/or as a 
member of SIPC. For additional information on this coverage see www.SlPC.org or call the SIPC public information 
number (201) 371.8300. Client will refer to the Annual Disclosure Statement, at http://www.pwm.db.com/americas/ 
en/annualdisclosurestatement.html for additional information regarding SIPC and excess of SIPC coverage. 
13. Tax-Exempt Entities. Charitable remainder trusts, foundations, pension plans and other tax-exempt entities may be 
deemed to receive unrelated business taxable income (UBTI) as a result of investing in certain securities, borrowing 
monies under a margin loan, investing in a partnership or limited liability company that generates UBTI or other 
leverage or loan arrangements. Tax-exempt entities should consult with their tax adviser before making an 
investment or entering into such arrangement. If Client's periodic Account Statement indicates that any Securities 
were forwarded to Client and Client has not received them, Client should notify DBSI immediately. If notification is 
received within 120 days after the mailing date, as reflected on Client's Account Statement, replacement will be 
made free of charge. Thereafter, a fee for replacement may apply. 
DEFINITIONS 
The following are definitions of certain terms that are used within this Account Agreement. As required, the singular shall 
be plural and the plural shall be singular. 
1. 
"Account Agreement" means the written agreement entered into between Client(s) and DBSI regarding Client's)' 
Account(s). The Account Agreement includes the Terms and Conditions, Arbitration, Tax Election/Declaration of Tax 
Status, and the Appendix to the Account Agreement, as well as any other applicable disclosure documents related to 
Client's Account(s), together with any amendments or supplements to such documents. There may be disclosures, 
agreements and terms applicable to a particular feature, program, account or service provided as a result of a Client 
election, modification of or addition to the Account Agreement, change in service or otherwise. DBSI will provide to 
Client such disclosures, agreements and terms, which shall be incorporated into this Account Agreement by 
reference. From time to time, DBSI may require that Client sign other agreements or documents for certain services 
or instructions and such additional agreements and documents shall become part of this Account Agreement. 
2. 
"Affiliate(s)" means any entity that is controlled by, controls or is under common control with DBSI. DBSI is a 
subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. Each affiliate is a separate legal entity. 
3. 
"Applicable Law* means the constitution, rules, regulations, customs and usages of the exchange or market, and its 
clearing house, if any, where a transaction is executed and applicable federal and state laws and regulations, 
including but not limited to securities laws and regulations (including the rules and regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board or foreign securities regulator, as applicable), and the rules 
and regulations of FINRA, or any other self-regulatory agencies or organizations having governing authority to a 
transaction in an Account in effect from time to time. 'Applicable Law" shall also include the rules of any national 
securities association, registered securities exchange or of the Options Clearing Corporation or other clearing 
organization applicable to the trading of option contracts. 
13-AWM-0196 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104188 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250372 
EFTA01448977

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448978.pdf
----------------------------------------
4. 
"Branch Supervisor" means the manager of the branch office at which Client's Account(s) is/are maintained. 
5. 
"Cash Sweep Options" means the program through which certain uninvested cash balances in eligible Account(s) 
will be deposited automatically each day into interest-bearing, FDIC-insured depository accounts through DBSI's IDP 
or into an available money market mutual fund until Client invests these balances or balances are otherwise needed 
to satisfy obligations arising in connection with Client's Account(s). The Cash Sweep Options are described more 
fully in the Cash Sweep Options Disclosure Statement, which will be provided to Client under separate cover after 
the Account is opened. 
6. 
"DBSI Privacy Statement" means the statement of DBSI's policies pertaining to gathering, protecting and 
maintaining the confidentiality of Client information and, in certain limited situations, providing Client information 
outside of DBSI. 
7. 
"Party" or "Parties" means Client(s) and DBSI, together with its affiliates, collectively. 
8. 
"Restricted Securities" means securities of a corporation of which Client is a director, executive officer or 10% 
stockholder, or otherwise classified as a control person or insider, or securities that are subject to any restrictions 
on resale (whether by Applicable Law, contract or legend on the security), or are not traded on or through a national 
securities exchange, automated quotation system or other nationally recognized published interdealer quotation system. 
9. 
"Securities and Other Property" means, but is not limited to, money, securities, financial instruments and 
commodities of every kind and nature and related contracts and options (whether for present or future delivery), 
distributions, proceeds, products and accessions of all property owned by the Client or in which the Client has 
an interest. 
[THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK) 
13-AWM-0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104189 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250373 
EFTA01448978

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448979.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARGIN DISCLOSURE 
IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS MARGIN DISCLOSURE PRIOR TO OPENING A MARGIN ACCOUNT AND 
RETAIN A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (DBSI) is furnishing this document to you, the Client, to provide some basic facts about 
purchasing securities on margin, and to alert you to the risks involved with trading securities in a margin account. Before 
trading in securities in a margin account please review this Margin Disclosure carefully (which is to be read in 
conjunction with the entire Account Agreement). Please call your Client Advisor with any questions or concerns 
regarding the use of margin. 
When you purchase securities, you may pay for the securities in full or you may borrow pan of the purchase price from 
DBSI (via a margin loan offered by Pershing). You may also borrow for purposes other than the purchase of securities 
based on the value of fully paid securities held in the Account. If you choose to borrow funds from DBSI, you must open 
a margin account and sign the attached Margin Agreement along with the Account Agreement. If the securities in your 
account decline in value, so does the value of the collateral supporting your loan, and, as a result, DBSI can take action, 
such as issuing a margin call and/or selling securities or other assets in any of your accounts (as provided in the Margin 
Agreement) in order to maintain the required equity in the account. 
It is important to fully understand the risks involved in trading securities on margin. These risks include the following: 
1. 
You can lose more funds than you deposit in the Margin Account. A decline in the value of securities that are 
purchased on margin may require you to provide additional funds to DBSI to avoid the forced sale of those 
securities or other securities or assets in your account(s). 
2. DBSI can force the sale of securities or other assets in your account(s). If the equity in your account falls below 
the maintenance margin requirements, or DBSI's higher "house" requirements, DBSI can sell the securities or other 
assets in any of your accounts held at DBSI to cover the margin deficiency. You also will be responsible for any 
shortfall in the account after such a sale, including costs and interest accrued. 
3. DBSI can sell your securities or other assets without contacting you. Some investors mistakenly believe that a 
firm must contact them for a margin call to be valid, and that the firm cannot liquidate securities or other assets in 
their accounts to meet the call unless the firm has contacted them first. This is not the case. Generally, DBSI does 
attempt to notify its Clients of margin calls, but it is not required to do so. However, even if DBSI has contacted a 
Client and provided a specific date by which the Client can meet a margin call, DBSI can still take necessary steps to 
protect its financial interests, including immediately selling the securities without notice to the Client. 
4. 
You are not entitled to choose which securities or other assets in your account(s) are liquidated or sold to meet a 
margin call. Because the securities are collateral for the margin loan, DBSI has the right to decide which security to 
sell in order to protect its interests. 
5. DBSI can increase its "house" maintenance margin requirements at any time and is not required to provide you 
advance written notice. These changes in firm policy often take effect immediately and may result in the issuance 
of a maintenance margin call. Your failure to satisfy the call may cause DBSI to liquidate or sell securities in 
your accounts►• 
6. 
You are not entitled to an extension of time on a margin call. While an extension of time to meet margin 
requirements may be available to clients under certain conditions, a client does not have a right to the extension. 
7. 
Short Sales are margin transactions and involve the risks described above. A short sale means any sale of 
securities that you do not own or which are borrowed for your account ("Short Sales"). Because short sales are 
margin transactions, such transactions are subject to the same risks and terms and conditions of margin transactions. 
8. 
DBSI and/or Pershing may loan any securities which collateralize your margin loan. Securities held in a margin 
account may be lent, to DBSI, to Pershing or to others, and may be pledged, repledged, hypothecated or 
rehypothecated by DBSI and/or Pershing, without notice to you. DBSI and/or Pershing may do so without retaining 
in its possession or control for delivery a like amount of similar Securities and Other Property and in doing so, are 
authorized to retain certain benefits, including interest on your collateral posted for such loans. While your securities 
are loaned out, you will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. Pershing and/or DBSI may receive 
compensation in connection with these transactions. For additional information on rehypothecation, please refer to 
the Margin Addendum. 
13-AWMO196 
012145O32813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104190 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250374 
EFTA01448979

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448980.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448980.pdf
----------------------------------------
Optional Form: 
Consent to Electronic Delivery of Materials and Communications 
Please read, complete, sign, date, and return the next page if you wish to permit Deutsche Bank to send you 
Materials and Communications listed on the form by electronic means in lieu of hard copy. This is an optional 
form. You may revoke your consent to electronic delivery at any time without charge by sending a written 
request to your account representative. 
13-AWM-0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104194 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250378 
EFTA01448980

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448981.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Consent to Electronic Delivery of Materials and Communications 
Re: 'insert account number(s1) 
In an effort to continue to provide you with timely information on Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management's brokerage, 
investment advisory, trust, banking and other product and service offerings, when possible, we would like to send offering 
documents, prospectuses. term sheets, free writing prospectuses, Forms ADV Part 2 and other communications (collectively 
the "Materials") to you electronically, including by email, facsimile, website, CD-ROM or other electronic means. This 
permission for Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management to deliver Materials to you electronically is being granted to Deutsche 
Bank AG and its affiliates and subsidiaries that conduct business through Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management, including 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, Deutsche 
Bank Trust Company, N.A. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware, among others. 
Please note that certain offerings (pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and, in the case of bearer debt 
obligations, in compliance with the U.S. Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982) are only available for purchase 
outside the United States. Any documents for such offerings must be read by you outside the United States and any 
purchases by you of securities pursuant to such offerings must be made outside the United States. For this purpose, the 
"United States" includes any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the territories and possessions of the 
United States. Any such offering shall be so identified in its corresponding email or facsimile cover letter. If you have 
requested Hold Mail Service, by signing below, you hereby specifically authorize us to send any Materials to you by the 
electronic means described above. 
To view and print certain Materials online, you will need Adobe Reader. If necessary, you can download the software at 
www.adobe.com. 
Client: By signing below. (a) I represent that I am authorized to sign on behalf of the accounts) covered by this consent form, 
(b) I hereby consent to receipt of Materials via the electronic means described above, (c) I represent that the email address 
provided above is an email address that an accountholder will access, and is not an email address of someone other than an 
accountholder, (d) I agree to notify Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management promptly of any change to my email address or 
facsimile number, and (e) I agree to hold Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management harmless to the extent I do not receive 
Materials through my failure to notify Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management of any change to my email address or 
facsimile number. I understand that I may revoke my consent at any time without charge by sending a written request to my 
account representative. By signing below as Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common, the parties agree that delivery by 
electronic means to the email address herein constitutes delivery to each party. 
This consent applies to all accounts that I hold with Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management. 
Signature:  
Name of Authorized Signatory: 
Date:  
Title:  
By signing here, the Office Supervisor certifies that the above listed client signatory has proper authority to grant this consent: 
Ill lIllIllIllIll 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
13-AWM-0213 ED 
006421.032713 
DB-SDNY-0104195 
SDNY_GM_00250379 
EFTA01448981

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448982.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Private Wealth Management 
Corporate Account Authorization and Terms and Conditions 
Officer's Certificate 
Account Number: 
I, 
, the duly elected and acting 
ofJeepers, Inc 
Itite "Corporation")  hereby certify that: 
(II The following resolutions were adopted by unanknous consent of the Board of Directors of the Corporation on the 
RESOLVED, that any persons designated by the 
of the Corporation &reauthorized on behalf of the Corporationlitii 
(A) Open and maintain one or more brokerage account(s) for and in the name of the Corporation at Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred 
to herein as "DBSI") (including any successor thereof); 
WI Deposit, deliver, assign, withdraw and transfer funds, instruments and securities of any type; 
(CI Sell any securities owned by the Corporation; 
ID) Buy any securities in a cash account; and 
(E) Buy, sell and sell securities (including put and call options) short in a margin account; and (DELETE (E) IF INAPPLICABLE) 
(F) Execute all documents, and exercise and direct the exercise of all duties, rights, and powers, and take all actions necessary or 
appropriate to perform the powers enumerated above. 
EURTHEFTRESOLVED; thilthe 
of glitotgOietiort Shit 
powers,.. office or identity. 
dais .Persons authorized to perform the powers enumerated above. DBSI may rely upon any such certificate of 
authority furnished by the Corporation until written certification of any change in authority shall have been received by DBSI. Any past action in 
accordance with this resolution is hereby ratified and confirmed. The powers enumerated above pertain to securities of any type now or hereafter 
held by the Corporation in its own right or in any fiduciary capacity. Powers previously certified by the Corporation shall not be affected by the 
dispatch or receipt of any other form of notice nor any change in the position with the Corporation held by any person so empowered. Any 
officer of the Corporation is hereby authorized to certify these resolutions to whom it may concern. 
I2) 
Each of the following are authorized to perform the powers enumerated in the foregoing resolutions and by signing his or her name in this 
section 2 agrees on behalf of the Corporation to the Terms and Conditions attached hereto: 
(List name and corporate position) 
EMI 
MEW 
Name 
Position 
=We 
Signature 
Name 
Position 
Name 
Position 
Signature 
Signature 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG, conducts investment banking and securities activities in the UK ed St tes. 
1111111111111111111 I0 
CORP 
09.PVVM-0186 Corp Acct Au h & T&C 102/12) CORP 
006420-022212 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104196 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250380 
EFTA01448982

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448983.pdf
----------------------------------------
13) 
(4) 
No action has been taken to rescind or amend said resolutions, and they are now in full force and effect. 
15) 
No one other than the Corporation shall have any interest in any account opened and maintained in the name of the Corporation. 
16) 
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ON THE NEXT TWO PAGES CONTAIN A PRE-DISPUTE ARBITRATION CLAUSE AT PARAGRAPH 11. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto affixed my hand and the seal of the Corporations 
SEAL 
Signature of Second Certifying Officer 
Name of Second Certifying Officer 
Corporate Title of Second Certifying Officer 
IF THE CLIENT IS INCORPORATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, THE CLIENT MUST COMPLETE AND RETURN A FORM W-8 ALONG WITH 
THIS OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE. 
09-PWM-0186 Corp Acct Auth & T&C 102/121 CORP 
006420.022212 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104197 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250381 
EFTA01448983

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448984.pdf
----------------------------------------
Terms and Conditions Corporate Accounts 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred to herein as "DBSI") accepts the Account of the client described in the attached certificate (the "Client"). The 
term DBSI includes its affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees. Client understands that Pershing LLC is the carrier of the Account as 
clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with OBS!. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. As used herein, the term "affiliate of Deutsche Bank" or "Deutsche Bank 
affiliates" means Deutsche Bank AG and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Each of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates is a separately incorporated legal 
entity, none of which is responsible for the obligations of the others. "Securities and Other Property" shall include, but shall not be limited to, money 
and securities, financial instruments, commodities of every kind and nature, and all contracts and options relating to any thereof, owned by the Client 
or in which the Client has an interest. These terms and conditions shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the 
United States, as amended. 
By opening the Account, Client agrees to the following terms and conditions: 
1. Confirmations, and Transmission of Instructions 
Client agrees to notify DBSI in writing, within ten (101 days of sending Client a confirmation, of any objection Client has to any transaction in its 
Account. In the absence of such written notification, Client agrees that all transactions for its Account will be final and binding on it. Client 
understands that it is responsible for transmission of instructions to DBSI and that Client bears the risk of loss arising from the method of 
transmission that Client uses in the event of transmission errors, misunderstandings, impersonations, transmission by unauthorized persons or 
forgery. Client agrees to release and indemnify DBSI from any and all liability arising from the execution of transactions based on such instructions 
except if °BSI's gross negligence caused the transmission error. 
2. Cash Account 
With respect to the Account: (i) Client will make full cash payment on or before settlement date for each security purchased, unless funds 
sufficient therefor are already held in the Account; (ii) Client does not contemplate selling any security before it is paid for as provided in the 
preceding clause; (iii) Client will own each security sold at the time of sale and, unless such security is already held in the account, will promptly 
deliver such security thereto on or before settlement date; and fiv) Client will promptly make full cash payment of any amount that may become 
due in order to meet necessary requests for additional deposits or, with respect to any unissued security purchased or sold, to mark to the market. 
3. Short and Long Orders; Deliveries and Settlements 
Client agrees that, in giving orders to sell, all "short" sales will be designated by it as "short" and all other sales will be designated by DBSI as 
long." Client also agrees that DBSI may, at its discretion, immediately cover any short sales in the Account, without prior notice. In case of non-
delivery of a security, DBSI is authorized to purchase the security to cover Client's position and charge any loss, commissions and fees to the 
Account. Client agrees that if DBSI fails to receive payment for securities Client has purchased. DBSI may, without prior demand or notice, sell 
those securities or other property held by DBSI in the Account and any loss resulting therefrom will be charged to the Account. Cient authorizes 
DBSI, at its discretion, to request and obtain extension(s) of Client's time to make payment for securities Client purchased, as provided for by 
Federal Reserve Bank Regulation T. 
4. Liens 
Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other Property in the possession or control of 
DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest 'heId individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and 
Other Property are referred to herein as "Collatora") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its 
Affiliates or Pershing (provided that such indebtedness or obligation to Pershing arises in connection with this Agreement) (collectively, all such 
obligations are referred to herein as the "Obligations"). Clients who are joint accountholders ("Joint Accountholders") acknowledge and agree that 
pursuant to this lien, the Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint 
Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates (whether individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any and aN Obligations of each Joint 
Accountholder to DBSI and its Affiliates. DBSI (or Pershing. at DBSI's instruction) may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release. 
exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all such Collateral in order to satisfy any Obligations. In enforcing this lien. DBSI shall 
have the discretion to determine which Securities and Other Property to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing. 
nothing herein shall be deemed to grant an interest in any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c) 
111181 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended. or Section 406(a)01(8) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement accounts) maintained by DBSI, which may include IRAs or qualified plans, are 
not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property may only be used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to 
Client's retirement account(s). 
5. Authority to Borrow 
In case of the sale of any security or other property by DBSI at Client's direction and DBSI's inability to timely deliver the same to the purchaser by 
reason of Client's failure to supply DBSI therewith, Client authorizes DBSI to purchase or borrow any security or other property necessary to make 
the required delivery, and Client agrees to be responsible for any loss or cost, including interest, which DBSI sustains as a result of Client's failure 
to make delivery to DBSI. 
B. Interest Charges 
Client acknowledges that debit balances in the Account, including, but not limited to, those arising from its failure to make payment by settlement 
date for securities purchased, will be charged interest at the then current rate, in accordance with ()BSI's usual custom. Interest will be computed 
on the net daily debit balance, which is computed by combining all debit balances and credit balances in each account with the exception of 
credit balances associated with short security positions. 
7. Credit Information and Investigation 
Client authorizes DBSI to obtain reports concerning its credit standing and business conduct at DBSI's discretion. Client also authorizes DBSI and 
any affiliate of Deutsche Bank, including, without limitation, Deutsche Bank AG, to share among such affiliates such information and any other 
confidential information DBSI and such affiliates may have about Client and the Account. 
09-PWA4-0186 Corp Acct Auth & T&C 1021121 CORP 
006420022212 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104198 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250382 
EFTA01448984

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448985.pdf
----------------------------------------
8. Satisfaction of Indebtedness 
Client agrees to satisfy, upon demand, any indebtedness, including any interest and commission charges. Client further agrees to pay the reasonable 
costs and expenses of collection of any amount it owes DBSI, including reasonable attorney's fees and court costs. Client agrees that ()BSI and its 
clearing broker have the right to collect any debit balance or other obligations owing in Client's Account, and that such rights may be assigned to each 
other. 
9. Loan or Pledge of Securities and Other Property 
Within the limitations imposed by applicable law, all Securities and Other Property now or hereafter held, carried, or maintained by DBSI in its 
possession that have not been fully paid for, may be lent, either to DEMI or to others. pledged, and repledged by DBSI, without notice to Client. 
Client understands that while securities held for its Account are loaned out, Client will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. 
10. Aggregation of Orders and Average Prices 
Client authorizes DIM, at its discretion, to aggregate orders for the Account with other customer orders. Client recognizes that in so doing, it may 
receive an average price for its orders that may be different from the price(s) it might have received had its orders not been aggregated. Client 
understands that this practice may also result in its orders being only partially completed. 
11. Arbitration 
- This section of the Agreement contains the predispute arbitration agreement between us. By signing this Agreement, we agree 
as follows: 
(i) 
All parties to this Agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by 
the rules of the arbitration forum in which a claim is filed; 
Ili) Arbitration awards are generally final and binding. A party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited; 
(iii) The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally limited in arbitration as compared to 
court proceedings; 
(iv) The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision 
has been submitted by all parties to the panel at least twenty (20) days prior to the first hearing date; 
(v) The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry; 
Iv') The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases. a claim that is ineligible for 
arbitration may be brought in court; and 
(vii) The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this Agreement. 
- Client agrees to arbitrate with DBSI any controversies which may arise, whether or not based on events occurring prior to the date of this 
agreement,including any controversy arising out of or relating to any account with DBSI, to the construction, performance or breach of any 
agreement, or any duty arising from any agreement or other relationship with ()BSI, or to transactions with or through DBSI, only before the 
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., or any exchange of which DBSI is a member, at Client's election. Client agrees that Client shall 
make Client's election by registered mail to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Compliance Department - Attention: Director of Compliance. 60 
Wall Street, 23rd Floor, Mail Stop NYC60-2330, New York. NY 10005-2836. If Client's election is not received by DBSI within ten 110) 
calendar days of receipt of a written request from DBSI that Client make an election, then DBSI may elect the forum before which the 
arbitration shall be held. 
- Neither DBSI nor Client waive any right to seek equitable relief pending arbitration. No person shall bring a putative or certified class action to 
arbitration, nor seek to enforce any pre-dispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action; or 
who is a member of a putative class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action 
until (i) the class certification is denied; or (ii) the class is decertified; or (ii) the customer is excluded from the class by the court. Such 
forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to the extent stated 
herein. 
Important Disclosures for Your Records 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. -DIM" is furnishing this document to you to alert you to important matters regarding your account. 
Securities Investor Protection Corporation ("SIPC") 
Securities held by our clearing broker, Pershing LLC, for your account are protected up to the total net equity held in the account. Of this total, SIPC 
provides S500,000 of coverage, including 5100.000 for claims for cash awaiting reinvestment. The remaining coverage is provided by Pershing 
through a commercial insurer. SIPC protection applies when the SIPC member firm through which you hold your investments fails financially and is 
unable to meet its obligations to securities clients, but SIPC protection does not protect against losses attributable to the rise and fall in the market 
value of investments. A small number of client accounts are not carried on Pershing's books due to specific account factors. These accounts are 
covered under DBSI's SIPC membership. DIM does not provide coverage in excess of SIPC coverage. Certain investments, such as commodity 
futures contracts and currency, are ineligible for SIPC protection. For additional information on SIPC, see www.SlPC.org or cal the SIPC public 
information number. (202) 371.8300. 
Payment for Order Flow 
DBAB receives payment when its routes for execution certain orders in certain securities. The determination as to where to route orders is based on 
several factors, consistent with DBSI's obligation to provide best execution for all client orders. Because several factors aro considered with respect 
to such determinations, DBSI could potentially secure price improvements on such orders by routing them in a different manner and all such orders 
potentially could be executed at prices superior to the best bid or best offer. Payment is received by DBSI in the form of rebates, or credits against 
exchange fees, and specialist fees. Details will be furnished upon written request. 
09'PWM'0186 Corp Act, Ault) & T&C 102/12) CORP 
006020.022212 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104199 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250383 
EFTA01448985

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448986.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104200 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250384 
EFTA01448986

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448987.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448987.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104201 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250385 
EFTA01448987

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448988.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
DBTCA Deposit Account Opening Application 
Private Wealth PromiumTM
Elite Personal Accounts 
O Checking Acct. # 
O Elite Checking with Interest 
# 
APY 
O Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
O Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
O DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
(DBTCA deposit account required. 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
end Conditions) 
Private Wealth Premium"" 
Internet Banking Services 
Et 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus 
O Link to Existing Online Relationship 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Business Accounts 
O Checking Acct. # 
O Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. * 
APY 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
o Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. I 
APY 
Term 
O DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct I 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
(DBTCA deposit account required, 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
O Cash Master Sweep Account 
Checking Acct. # 
(User/Co. ID Number) 
Client Relationship 
K Individual Account 
K Joint Tenants with Right 
of Survivorship 
O Joint Tenants in Common 
O In Trust For/Payable on 
Death/As Trustee for 
K Trust 
O Estate 
Private Wealth Premium TM 
Banking Services 
O 
Consumer Debit Card # 
O Joint Applicant Debit Card # 
O Business Debit Card # 
O Deluxe Checkbook Style if 
O Name Only 
O Name and Address 
O Duplicate Statement 
Addr 
City 
State 
 Zip Code 
O 
Mailing address (if different) 
Name 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Target Amount 
Trigger Amount 
O Custody under NY UTMA 
O Foundation 
O Non-Profit Organization 
O 
Attorney Trust Escrow 
O Landlord Master Escrow 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
Corporation 
O Limited Liability Company 
O Partnership 
O Limited Liability Partnership 
13-AWM-0101 
NAOSOD00014509400102569 
013969.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250387 
DB-SDNY-0 104203 
EFTA01448988

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448989.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448989.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, by and through its authorized officer, has caused this instrument to be 
executed on the date listed below. 
(FOR BUSINESS USERS] 
Jeepens, Inc 
Business Name 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Namaritle 
Signature 
Date 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS 
BY 
Print Name/Title 
Data 
(FOR ALL OTHER USERS] 
Account Name 
Namara's 
Signature 
Date 
vori134037 
0t0198.08Cat3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104206 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250390 
EFTA01448989

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448990.pdf
----------------------------------------
Barcode_Num 
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
At
.
DB Private Wealth Online Plus Account Opening Application 
Choi') Inn-int-int on 
Jeepers, Inc 
Client/Company Name 
Onl.ne Contact Name 
Jeepers, Inc 
Title 
6100 Red Hook Quarter 83 
Address 
St. Thomas 
City 
340 775 2525 
Phone Number 
Email address 
Account, and Szp.(if.es (pkissit check 3erv,cus 1OI umell elocouriti 
Balance & 
Account 
ActNitiy 
Number 
Reporting 
Book 
Transfer 
Bill Pay 
ACH 
Wire 
Transfer 
Positive Pay 
Wises Apply) 
Account 
Reconciliation 
(Fess Apply) 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
O 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
o 
o 
K 
O 
O 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
U.S. Virgin Islands 
00802 
State 
Zip Code 
ACH Daily Limit $ 
Wire Transfer Daily Limit 
The ACH Daily time is the daily aggregate does amount of ACH transactions Ipayments and 
collections) you may send through Private Wealth Online Plus. The Wins Transfer Daily Limit is the 
daily aggregate dollar amount of wire transfers you may transmit through Private Wealth Online Plus. 
Note: By signing below, you acknowledge and agree that Deutsche Bank will make reasonable efforts to adhere to the ACII Daily Limit and Wire Transfer 
Deity Limit set forth heroin, but snail have no obligation to do so. Further, you acknowledge and agree that, in accordance with the terms of the Internet 
Banking Services Agreement, Deutsche Bank may place (and adjust) daily dollar limits on the amount that may be transferred at any time, and from time to 
time, for any reason or for no reason. 
Wito Trrinslut Security Code (Option:ill Alpha Nuntcric SetInty Code (3-25 characters 
Security Code 
If I have selected to receive Internet Banking Services, I understand that I will 
bo required to enter a separate Internet Banking Services Agreement with 
Deutsche Bank before I can access the Internet Banking Service. 
Account Holders Signature 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Print Name 
Date 
Note: Access to DB Insight is the recommended portal to DB Private Wealth Online 
For Office Use Only: 
Pnmary Officer: 
Secondary Officer: 
Prepared by: 
Date: 
Approved by 
Wealth Advisor 
Date: 
NAOSOD00014509-000102664 
13-AWM-0135 009614.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104207 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250391 
EFTA01448990

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448991.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Private Wealth Management 
For Bank Use Only 
Account Number(s): 
Certificate of Corporate Resolutions in favor of 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
The undersigned (the "Undersigned") hereby certifies that: 
1. (a) the Undersigned is the duly appointed Secretary or other officer or director duly authorized to fil certify as to the corporate resolutions 
or consents ("Corporate Resolutions") of the board of directors or other governing body (the "Board") and fill to keep the records 
of Jeerers, Inc 
 (the "Corporation") a corporation duly 
organized, in good standing, and existing under the laws of 
' and 
(b) the following is a true copy of the Corporate Resolutions of the Board, duly adopted in accordance with applicable law and governing 
organizational documents with respect to the account type(s) indicated below ("Account(s)"): 
Deposit Account(s) 
K Investment Advisory Accounts) 
K Custody Accounts) 
(please select all that apply): 
K discretionary 
K non-discretionary 
"RESOLVED, that it is desirable and in the best interests of the Corporation, and the Corporation is authorized, to designate Deutsche 
Bank Trust Company Americas (the "Bank") as depositary, custodian or investment advisor, as applicable, for such property as designated 
by the Corporation from time to time, and to open and maintain Account(s) with the Bank. 
RESOLVED, that the Corporation be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in any agreement or contract governing Accounts) 
(the "Account Agreement(s)") and any other document relating to products or services provided in connection with Account(s), as 
revised and/or amended from time to time (collectively, the "Agreements"). 
RESOLVED, that the directors, officers, employees and/or agents of the Corporation (the "Authorized Signers)") whose names, titles 
and signatures appear below, as amended from time to time by the Corporation, are hereby authorized and directed, for and on behalf of 
the Corporation, to open, maintain, manage or close Account(s), to execute the Agreements, and to exercise and direct the exercise of all 
duties, rights and powers, and to take all actions necessary or appropriate in connection with the opening, maintenance, management 
or closing of Accounts) in the name of the Corporation, pursuant to the terms and conditions specified in the Agreements, and any 
applicable laws, rules and regulations. The Bank is authorized to accept instructions from the Authorized Signers) in connection with 
Account(s), including, but not limited to, endorsements and deposits of negotiable instruments, checks or other orders for the payment 
of money, and instructions to deposit, withdraw, transfer, deliver or assign assets in Account(s), sell any assets in Account(s), including 
but not limited to assets listed as "held elsewhere," buy any assets for Account(s) and retain the services of an advisor, including the 
Bank, consultant or broker/dealer to manage all or part of assets in Account(s), all on such terms as the Authorized Signer(s) direct. 
RESOLVED, that the Bank may conclusively assume that all actions taken and instructions given by each of the Authorized Signer(s) 
have been properly taken or given pursuant to authority vested in such Authorized Signer(s) and the Corporation shall indemnify and 
hold the Bank harmless from all claims, liabilities, losses, costs, expenses (including attorneys' tees) related to or arising from any action 
or inaction by any such Authorized Signer(s). 
RESOLVED, that the omission from these Corporate Resolutions of any document, arrangement or action to be taken in accordance 
with the Account(s) or the Agreements shall in no manner derogate from the authority of the Authorized Signer(s) to take all actions 
necessary, desirable, advisable or appropriate to consummate, effectuate or carry out the transactions contemplated by the foregoing 
Corporate Resolutions. 
RESOLVED, that all actions taken and expenses incurred heretofore by the Board or the Authorized Signer(s) in connection with the 
Account(s) or the Agreements are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed in all respects. 
RESOLVED, that if indicated below, the Authorized Signer(s) is/are authorized to delegate any and ell of the powers enumerated in these 
Corporate Resolutions in connection with the Account(sI to such person(s) as the Authorized Signer(s) may elect. Such delegation shall 
be made via the execution of the form of Appointment of Agents) annexed hereto as Exhibit A." 
11-PWM-0893 (11 ill) 
C09700.112'11 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104208 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250392 
EFTA01448991

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448992.pdf
----------------------------------------
AUTHORIZED SIGNER(S): 
If any Authorized Signer named below is an entity and not a natural person, please attach an Authorized Signatory fist. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Print Name 
Title 
Signature 
Authorized (select one): 
K Individually 
K Jointly with  
K Other 
K Check only if the above Authorized Signer is authorized to grant powers enumerated in these Corporate Resolutions to agents. 
Print Name 
Title 
Signature 
Authorized (select one): 
K Individually 
K Jointly with 
K Other 
K Check only if the above Authorized Signer is authorized to grant powers enumerated in these Corporate Resolutions to agents. 
Print Namo 
Title 
Signature 
Authorized (select one): 
K Individually 
K Jointly with  
K Other 
K Check only if the above Authorized Signor is authorized to grant powers enumerated in these Corporate Resolutions to agents. 
Print Name 
Title 
Signature 
Authorized (select one): 
K Individually 
K Jointly with  
K Other 
K Check only if the above Authorized Signer is authorized to grant powers enumerated in these Corporate Resolutions to agents. 
2. The above Corporate Resolutions are in full force and effect and have not been modified or amended since the date shown below. 
3. The Bank may rely conclusively on the instructions of the Authorized Signer(s) in every respect unless or until the Bank receives written 
notification of the revocation and has had reasonable time to act on such notice. 
4. No one other than the Corporation has any interest in Account(s) opened and maintained in the name of the Corporation. 
S. The titles and names of the Authorized Signer(s) appearing above, whose signatures appear above or on any attached signatory list. aro 
true, correct and genuine. 
The authorities previously granted to any Authorized Signer not named herein are hereby revoked. 
In witness whereof, on the date shown below, I have subscribed my signature and affixed the seal of 
the Corporation (if required). 
Signature:  
Print Name and Title: 
Date of this Certificate of Corporate Resolutions:  
im In date - this document is not valid if dais Is left blank! 
"If the Secretary or other authorized officer or director is one of the Authorized Signers named 
above, this Certificate of Corporate Resolutions must be confirmed below by another officer or 
director of the Corporation who Is not designated an Authorized Signer above unless the 
Authorized Signers aro the only officers or directors of the Corporation. 
Confirmation Signature•  
Print Name and Title:  
Corporate Seal (if required) 
If no seal is provided, the 
Corporation is representing 
that no seal is required. 
11•PWM-0993111/111 
009700.112111 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104209 
SDNY_GM_00250393 
EFTA01448992

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448993.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Card 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Jammers, Inc 
Account Holder Title 
Account Number 
K Individual 
K ITHPOD/ATP (3 Corporate 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Required: 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Partnership 
K Other: 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
For ITF/POOfATF See S pplementa mm and Conditions 
1111111 III IIIII IIII 
illl III III 
Date of Power of Attorney 
13-AW7.1-0389 
NAOSOD00014609-000102568 
006678000913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104210 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250394 
EFTA01448993

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448994.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Card 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Jaspers, Inc 
Account Holder Title 
K Individual 
K ITF/POD/ATF• ❑" Corporate 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint. Tenants K Partnership 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Account Number 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Required: 
K Other. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Print Name 
Signature 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
Condition.
Date of Power of Attorney 
13A1MM 0389 
NAOSOD00014509-000102569 
006878 080913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104211 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250395 
EFTA01448994

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448995.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104212 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250396 
EFTA01448995

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448996.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Account Agreement 
Jaspers, Inc 
St Thomas, USVI 
00802 
C
—
Account Title (Complete if different from the Client above) 
Account Numb001 
IMPORTANT: PLEASE SIGN AND RETURN THIS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT 
This is the account agreement (Account Agreement) between Client and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred to herein 
as "DBSI1. It includes the terms and conditions and is the contract that controls each brokerage account in which Client 
has an interest (each an "Account"). Client agrees to read this Account Agreement and the Appendix to this Account 
Agreement: Disclosures and Definitions ("Appendix") carefully. If Client is not willing to be bound by these terms and 
conditions, Client should not sign this Account Agreement. Client's signature confirms that Client has read and agrees to 
the terms of this Account Agreement and the Appendix annexed hereto. 
I. CLIENT REPRESENTATIONS 
Client certifies that all of the information provided by Client in this Account Agreement is accurate and complete and 
that each of the following statements is accurate as to Client and Client's Account: 
a. Where Client is a natural person, Client is of legal age; 
b. For all accounts: (a) no one except the person(s) named on the Account(s), or, if signed in a representative 
capacity, then no one except the beneficial owner(s), has any interest in the Account(s), (b) Client is and will 
remain compliant with all Applicable Laws, (c) Client is financially capable of satisfying any obligations 
undertaken through Client's Account(s), (d) Client acknowledges that the purchase and sale of securities entails 
substantial economic risk, and represents knowingly and willingly that Client can assume such risk and (e) Client 
has read and understands the terms set forth in this Account Agreement and those agreements or supplements 
incorporated by reference and understands that Client is bound by such terms; 
c. Client agrees to notify us in writing if: (a) Client is or becomes an employee, member or immediate family 
member of any securities exchange (or corporation of which any exchange owns a majority of the capital stock), 
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) or of any broker-dealer, (b) Client is or becomes a senior 
officer or immediate family member of such a person of any bank, savings and loan institution, insurance 
company, investment company, investment advisory firm or institution that purchases securities, or other 
employer whose consent is required to open and maintain this Account by regulation or otherwise, unless such 
consent has been provided to DBSI. 
Client will promptly notify DBSI in writing if any of the above circumstances change. 
II. TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO CLIENT'S ACCOUNT(S) 
The following terms and conditions govern Client's Account(s): 
1. Rights of DBSI. All rights granted to DBSI under this Account Agreement are granted with the understanding that it 
shall be within the sole discretion of DBSI whether, and in what manner, to exercise such rights. The failure of DBSI 
to exercise any right granted under this Account Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such right or any other 
right granted hereunder. DBSI retains the right to delegate to its agent, including its clearing agent, Pershing LLC 
(Pershing), one or more of DBSI's rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Client. 
2. Cash Account. OBS' will classify each Account as a cash brokerage account. DBSI must separately approve the 
opening of a margin account (Margin Account) and Client must separately sign the Margin Agreement. 
3. Order Execution. Orders for the purchase or sale of assets may be routed to or executed through any exchange, market 
or broker that DBSI selects. 
4. Rules and Regulations. All transactions in Account(s) shall be conducted in accordance with and subject to 
Applicable Law. 
13AWM-0198 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104213 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250397 
EFTA01448996

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448997.pdf
----------------------------------------
5. Purchase of Securities. DBSI requires that cash accounts contain sufficient funds to settle a transaction, but has the 
right to accept an order without sufficient funds with the understanding that Client will submit payment on or before 
settlement date for each security purchased. DBSI retains the right to cancel or liquidate any order accepted and/or 
executed without prior notice to Client, if DBSI does not receive payment by settlement date. Alternatively, upon 
Client's failure to pay for purchased and settled securities, DBSI has the right to sell Securities and Other Property 
held in any of Client's Account(s), and charge to Client any loss resulting therefrom. 
6. Sale of Securities. Client agrees that in a cash account: (a) Client will not sell any Security before it is paid for, (b) 
Client will own each security sold at the time of sale, (c) unless such security is already held in the Account, Client 
will promptly deliver such security thereto on or before settlement date, (d) Client will promptly make full cash 
payment of any amount which may become due in order to meet necessary requests for additional deposits and (e) 
with respect to any Securities and Other Property sold, Client will satisfy any mark to the market deficiencies. Client 
must affect all Short Sales in a margin account and designate these sales as -short." All other sales will be 
designated as "long" and will be deemed to be owned by Client. In the event that DBSI enters an order to sell 
Securities and Other Property that Client represents Client owns, but which are not held in the Account at the time of 
sale, and Client fails to make delivery by settlement date, DBSI has the right to purchase or borrow any Securities 
and Other Property necessary to make the required delivery. Client agrees to compensate DBSI for any loss or cost, 
including interest, commission or fees sustained as a result of the foregoing. DBSI charges interest on unpaid 
balances in cash accounts from the close of business on settlement date. See the Annual Disclosure Statement, at 
hup://www.pwm.db.com/americas/en/annualdisclosurestatement.html for additional information on interest charges. 
7. Restrictions on Trading. DBSI has the right to prohibit or restrict Client's ability to trade Securities and Other 
Property, or to substitute securities in Client's Account. 
8. Restricted Securities. Client will not buy, sell or pledge any Restricted Securities without DBSI's prior written 
approval. Prior to placing any order for Restricted Securities subject to Rule 144 or 145 of the Securities Act of 1933, 
Client must identify the status of the securities and furnish DBSI with the necessary documents (including opinions 
of legal counsel, if requested) to obtain approval to transfer and register these securities. DBSI will not be liable for 
any delays in the processing of these securities or for any losses caused by these delays. DBSI has the right to 
decline to accept an order for these securities until the transfer and registration of such securities has been approved. 
9. Order Placement and Cancellation/Modification Requests. When Client verbally places a trade with a Client 
Advisor, Client will be bound to the oral confirmation repeated back to Client, unless Client objects at the time of the 
order. Client understands that requests to cancel/modify an order that DBSI accepts are on a best efforts basis only. 
10. Aggregation of Orders and Average Prices. Client authorizes DBSI to aggregate orders for Client Account(s) with 
other orders. Client recognizes that in so doing, Client may receive an average price for orders that may differ from 
the price(s) Client may have received had the orders not been aggregated. Client understands that this practice may 
also result in orders being only partially completed. 
11. Transmission of Instructions. Client understands and accepts responsibility for the transmission of instructions to 
0BSI and will bear the risk of loss arising from the method of transmission used in the event of transmission errors, 
misunderstandings, impersonations, transmission by unauthorized persons, forgery or intercepts. Except in the case 
of gross negligence, Client agrees to release and indemnify DBSI, its affiliates, employees and directors from any 
and all liability arising from the execution of transactions based on such instructions. 
12. Role of Certain Third Parties. DBSI engages a third-party clearing agent, Pershing. Client understands that Pershing 
is the custodian of Client's assets, clears and settles all transactions, and extends credit on any margin purchases, 
where applicable. Client further understands that Pershing may accept from DBSI, without inquiry or investigation: (i) 
orders for the purchase or sale of Securities and Other Property on margin or otherwise, and (ii) any other 
instructions concerning Account(s). Client further understands that the contract between DBSI and Pershing, and the 
services rendered thereunder, are not intended to create a joint venture, partnership or other form of business 
organization of any kind. Pershing shall not be responsible or liable to Client for any acts or omissions of DBSI or its 
employees. Pershing does not provide investment advice, nor offer any opinion on the suitability of any transaction 
or order. DBSI is not acting as the agent of Pershing. Client cannot hold Pershing, its affiliates and its officers, 
directors and agents liable for any trading losses that Client incurs. 
13. Liens. Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other 
Property in the possession or control of DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest (held 
individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and Other Property are referred to herein as 
"Collateral") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its Affiliates or 
Pershing (collectively, all such obligations are referred to herein as the "Obligations"). Clients who are joint 
accountholders (Joint Accountholders) acknowledge and agree that pursuant to the lien to DBSI and Affiliates, the 
Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint 
Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates or Pershing (whether individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any 
and all Obligations of each Joint Accountholder to DBSI and its Affiliates or Pershing. With respect to the lien 
granted to DBSI and its Affiliates, DBSI (or Pershing, at 0851's instruction) may, at any time and without prior notice, 
sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all such Collateral in order to 
satisfy any Obligations. In enforcing this lien, DBSI shall have the discretion to determine what and how much 
Collateral to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed 
to grant an interest in any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c)(1) 
(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 406(a)(i)(B) of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement account(s) maintained by 
DBSI, which may include IRAs or qualified plans, are not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property 
may only be used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to Client's retirement account(s). 
13•AWM-0198 
012146.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104214 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250398 
EFTA01448997

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448998.pdf
----------------------------------------
14. Satisfaction of Indebtedness and Assignment of Rights. Client agrees to satisfy, upon demand, any indebtedness, 
including any interest and commission charges and to pay the reasonable costs and expenses of collection of any 
amount Client owes to DBSI, including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs. Client agrees that DBSI or 
Pershing may execute or assign to each other or any third party any rights or obligations Client granted under this 
Account Agreement, including but not limited to the right to collect any Obligations, or liquidate any Securities and 
Other Property held in Account(s). 
15. Fees. Client understands that DBSI charges an Annual Account Fee for certain accounts and may charge service 
fees, processing fees and/or other fees or commissions, for the transactions and other services provided, more fully 
described in the Annual Disclosure Statement, at http://www.pwm.db.com/americas/en/annualdisclosurestatement. 
html. Client understands that these fees will be charged to Account(s) and authorizes DBSI to deduct such fees from 
Client's Account(s). 
16. No FDIC Insurance, Not Obligations of Any Bank. Client understands that the assets in Client's Account are subject 
to the risk of partial or total loss due to market fluctuations or the insolvency of the issuer(s). The assets in Client's 
Account (including all related cash balances and shares of any Mutual Fund) are not deposits or other obligations of 
NISI, Deutsche Bank AG, Pershing or any other bank, are not guaranteed by DBSI, Deutsche Bank AG, 
Administrator, Bank or any other bank, and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). 
Monies held in the Insured Deposit Program (IDP) may be FDIC insured while those monies are held in a depository 
account at a participating bank as described in the IDP Terms and Conditions. Client may from time to time be 
offered investment products for which DBSI or Deutsche Bank AG is an obligor. These products may be complex, 
may not provide for the retum of the full amount of principal invested or for the payment of a fixed rate of interest 
(or any interest) and will not usually be covered by FDIC insurance, unless otherwise disclosed in the written offering 
documents for such products. 
17. Cash Sweep Selection. Client agrees to contact DBSI regarding the selection of Cash Sweep Options and 
understands that Client's choice of Cash Sweep Options may be limited to money market mutual funds or 
deposit products that are unaffiliated with DBSI if Client's Account is an individual retirement account or an ERISA 
account, or if DBSI is acting as Client's investment adviser. Client understands that any funds Client has on deposit 
with the banks participating in IDP will be allocated among such banks in a manner described in the IDP Terms 
and Conditions. 
18. Credit Information and Investigation. Client authorizes DBSI and Pershing to obtain reports concerning Client's 
credit standing and business conduct at their discretion without notifying Client. Client also authorizes DBSI to share 
among service providers (as set forth herein) and DBSI Affiliates such credit-related and business conduct 
information and any other confidential information 0851, Deutsche Bank AG and such Affiliate(s) may have about 
Client and Client's Account, in accordance with DBSI's Privacy Policy and Applicable Law. DBSI and Pershing will 
provide Client with a copy of each of their Privacy Policies shortly after execution by Client of this Agreement. Client 
may request a copy of Client's credit report, and upon request DBSI will identify the name and address of the 
consumer reporting agency that furnished it. 
19. Confirmations, Statements and Other Communications. Client agrees to notify DBSI in writing, within ten (10) days 
after transmittal to Client of a confirmation, of any objection Client has to any transaction in Client's Account(s). In 
the absence of such written notification, Client agrees that all transactions in Client's Account(s) will be final and 
binding. Client understands objections must be directed to the Branch Supervisor in writing, at the address on 
Client's account statement or confirm. For more information on how confirmations and account statements are 
delivered, please refer to the Appendix to this Account Agreement. 
20. Recording Conversations. Client consents to DBSI recording any or all telephone calls with Client. 
21. Joint Accounts. 
a. Unless Clients specify "tenants in common" or "community property," Clients authorize DBSI to designate a joint 
account as "joint tenants with right of survivorship,' or as "tenants by the entireties" if Clients are married and 
reside in a state that recognizes said designation for personal property. Clients agree that joint accounts will be 
carried by DBSI on Pershing's books in the form reflected by the Account name appearing on the account 
statement. In the event that the Account is a joint tenancy with right of survivorship or a tenancy by the 
entireties, the entire interest in the joint Account shall be vested in the survivor or survivors on the same terms 
and conditions as before the death. The survivors and the estate of the deceased Accountholder will indemnify 
0851 for any loss incurred through treatment of the Account as provided herein. 
b. Clients agree that each party to the joint account shall have authority to deal with OBS' as if each were the sole 
Account owner, all without notice to the other Account owner(s). Clients agree that notice to any Account owner 
shall be deemed to be notice to all account owners. Each Account owner shall be jointly and severally liable for 
this Account. DBSI may follow the instructions of any owner concerning this Account and make deliveries to any 
owner, of any or all property and payment, even if such deliveries and/or payments shall be made to one owner 
personally and not to all of the Account owners. DBSI shall be under no obligation to inquire into the purpose of 
any such demand for delivery of securities or payment and shall not be bound to see to the application or 
disposition of the securities and/or monies so delivered or paid to any Account owner. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, DBSI may require joint action by all account owners with respect to any matter concerning the 
account, including the giving or cancellation of orders and the withdrawal of monies, Securities and Other 
Property. In the event DBSI receives conflicting instructions from any owner, it may in its sole discretion: (a) 
follow any such instructions, (b) require written or verbal authorization of both, all or any owner before acting on 
the instructions from any one owner, (c) send the assets of the Account to the address of the account, or (d) file 
an interpleader action in an appropriate court to let the court decide the dispute. 
13.AVVW0196 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104215 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250399 
EFTA01448998

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01448999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01448999.pdf
----------------------------------------
III. ARBITRATION 
1. 
This section of the Account Agreement contains the pre-dispute arbitration agreement between Client and DBSI and 
Pershing, as applicable, who agree as follows: 
a. All parties to this Account Agreement (being Client, DBSI and Pershing) are giving up the right to sue each other 
in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which a 
claim is filed, or as prohibited by Applicable Law; 
b. Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an 
arbitration award is very limited; 
c. The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited 
in arbitration than in court proceedings; 
d. The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for 
an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled 
hearing date; 
e. The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the 
securities industry; 
f. The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a 
claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court; and 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated 
into this Account Agreement. 
2. 
Subject to the preceding disclosure, Client agrees to arbitrate any controversies or disputes that may arise with 
DBSI or Pershing, whether based on events occurring prior to, on or subsequent to the date of this Account 
Agreement, and including any controversy arising out of or relating to any Account with DBSI, the construction, 
performance or breach of any agreement, or any duty arising from any agreement or other relationship with DBSI, to 
transactions with or through DBSI, or any controversy as to whether any issue is arbitrable. Any arbitration under 
this Account Agreement shall be determined only before an arbitration panel set up by FINRA in accordance with its 
arbitration procedures or an exchange of which DBSI is a member in accordance with the rules of that particular 
regulatory agency then in effect. Client may elect in the first instance whether arbitration shall be by FINRA or a 
specific national securities exchange of which DBSI is a member, but failure to make such election by registered 
letter to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Compliance Department - Attention: Director of Compliance, 60 Wall Street, 
23rd Floor, Mail Stop NYC60-2330, New York, NY 10005.2836 within five days after receipt of a written request 
from DBSI for such election, gives DBSI the right to elect the arbitration forum that will have jurisdiction over the 
dispute. Judgment upon arbitration awards may be entered in any court, state or federal, having jurisdiction. Any 
arbitration under this Account Agreement will be conducted pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act and the laws of 
the State of New York. 
3. 
Neither DBSI, Pershing nor Client(s) waive any right to seek equitable relief pending arbitration. No person shall 
bring a putative or certified class action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any pm-dispute arbitration agreement 
against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action or who is a member of a putative class who has 
not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until: (a) the class 
certification is denied, or (b) the class is decertified, or (c) the Client is excluded from the class by the court. Such 
forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement 
except to the extent stated herein. 
B. 
(THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
13-AWM-0198 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104217 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00250401 
EFTA01448999

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449000.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449000.pdf
----------------------------------------
IV. TAX ELECTION/DECLARATION OF TAX STATUS 
This Account Agreement is designed for use by both U.S. Persons and Non-U.S. Persons. Please check the box next to the applicable item below. 
Client certifies that Client will notify OBS, in writing immediately if the representation certified to below ceases to be true and correct. 
1.O U.S. Citizen or U.S. Resident Alien 
Form W9 
Substitute 
Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification 
usiness name/disregarded entity name, d different from above 
appropriate box for federal tax classification (require 
Individual/sole proprietor 0 
C Corporation 0 
S Corporation 0 
Partnership 0 
Trust/estate 
O Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C=C corporation, 5=5 corporation, P=partnership) 
Other 
El Exempt payee 
MAI 
110.4 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Port II 
Sign 
Here 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on the -Name" line 
to avoid backup withholding. For individuals, this is your social security number ISSN). For other 
entities, it is your employer identification number IEIN). 
Social Security Number 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me). and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: la) I am exempt from backup withholding, or lb) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service 1IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding, and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined in the instructions). 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding 
because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. 
2.0 Non-U.S. Person 
I am not a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien). I am submitting the applicable Form W8 with this form to certify my foreign status and. if applicable, 
claim tax treaty benefits. 
For example: Client is not a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien). Client agrees to provide OBSI with this application the applicable Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) Form W-8 to certify the client's foreign status. W-8 forms and instructions are available on the IRS website at www.irs.gov. 
13-AWM-0198 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104218 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250402 
EFTA01449000

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449001.pdf
----------------------------------------
BY SIGNING BELOW CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT: (1) CLIENT HAS RECEIVED, READ AND AGREES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS 
ACCOUNT AGREEMENT. INCLUDING THE APPENDIX WHICH CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION; AND (2) THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS 
ACCOUNT APPLICATION IS ACCURATE. 
CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT CONTAINS A PREDISPUTE ARBITRATION CLAUSE AT SECTION III, PAGE 5, AND CLIENT 
AGREES TO ITS TERMS (ALL ACCOUNT AGREEMENT SIGNATORIES MUST INITIAL'. 
WM-KM 
THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE DOES NOT REQUIRE CLIENTS CONSENT TO ANY PROVISION OF THIS DOCUMENT OTHER THAN THE CERTIFICATION 
REQUIRED TO AVOID BACKUP WITHHOLDING, AND, IF APPLICABLE. THE CERTIFICATION REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH CUENT'S STATUS AS A NON-U.S. 
PERSON AND OBTAIN A REDUCED RATE OF WITHHOLDING. 
Important Information for ERISA employee benefit plan clients: U.S. Department of Labor regulations require DBSI to disclose to a responsible plan fiduciary 
certain information in connection with the services that DBSI provides to a plan, to assist the fiduciary in evaluating the reasonableness of DBSI's services and 
related compensation. The disclosure is available online, at http://www.pwm.db.comfamerkasierderisa_disclosurn.pcs.html. By signing below, you acknowledge 
that you aro a fiduciary responsible for the procurement of DBSI's services to the plan, you have read the disclosure and you understand the disclosure. 
Individual or joint account (IF THIS IS A JOINT ACCOUNT, ALL ACCOUNT OWNERS MUST SIGN): 
CONFIRMATION OF TAX AND COMPLIANCE RESPONSIBILITIES 
Client acknowledges having sole responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable in any relevant jurisdictions that 
may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in Client's accounts) and business relationship with DBSI. 
CHECK A BOX BELOW ONLY IF CLIENTS DO NOT WANT JOINT TENANTS WITH RIGHTS OF SURVIVORSHIP OR TENANTS BY THE ENTIRETIES. 
CLIENTS SPECIFY INSTEAD: 
OTenants in common; or 
OCommunity Property (for married couples in certain states: each spouse retains 50% interest in the community property upon death of the first spouse).
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Signature 
Date  
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Corporation, partnership, trust or other entity: 
CONFIRMATION OF TAX AND COMPLIANCE RESPONSIBILITIES 
Client acknowledges having sole responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable to in any relevant jurisdictions 
that may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in Client's accountls1 and business relationship with DBSI. Furthermore, Client confirms that the 
necessary information Ito the best of Client's knowledge and capabilities) is made available no less than annually to the relevant beneficial owner(s), settlor(s), 
beneficiaryliesl. partnor(sl, etc. to enable such person(s) to fulfill any respective tax obligations that may arise for such person(s1 in connection withaliertp 
business relationship with 0851. 
Name of Entity Jeepers, Inc 
66-0629193 
Employer ID NO_ 
Signature of Officer, Partner. Trustee, Authorized Party 
Date
Print NamenalejeffreY Epstein 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee. Authorized Party 
 Date 
Print Name/Title 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
 Date 
Print Name/Title 
13'AWM'0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104219 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250403 
EFTA01449001

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449002.pdf
----------------------------------------
10. Notices. Notices and other communications may also be provided to Client verbally. Such notices and other 
communications left for Client on Client's answering machine, voice mail, electronic mail or otherwise, are 
considered to have been delivered to Client whether actually received or not. Transactions entered into Client's 
Account shall be confirmed by DBSI in writing where required by law or regulation. DBSI will not send separate 
confirmations for the following transactions: (a) dividends or distributions credited or reinvested, or transactions 
effected pursuant to a Dividend Reinvestment Plan, (b) shares of money market funds that are purchased or 
redeemed, or are part of the Cash Sweep Options, or (c) transactions effected pursuant to a periodic plan or an 
investment company plan. Client's periodic account statements will reflect these transactions. Notices concerning all 
matters related to Account(s) usually will go through DBSI although Pershing may send notices) directly to Client 
with a duplicate to DBSI should market conditions, time constraints or other circumstances so require. 
11. Possible Conflicts of Interest. Services and recommendations that DBSI provides to Client may differ from the 
services and recommendations provided to other Clients or by other individuals or groups at DBSI and/or affiliates of 
Deutsche Bank AG, whether acting as principal or agent. DBSI provides investment advice, portfolio management 
and execution services for many Clients and, in addition, acts as principal in various markets. Given these different 
roles, individuals and groups at DBSI and affiliates of Deutsche Bank AG are seldom of one view as to an investment 
strategy and may pursue differing or conflicting strategies. Employees of DBSI shall have no obligation to 
recommend to Client, or inform Client of, strategies being pursued by DBSI or other Clients. Further, (a) DBSI and its 
affiliates may provide services for a fee to or solicit business from companies whose securities are recommended by 
DBSI, (b) DBSI and its affiliates may be paid fees by investment companies registered under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 or other investment vehicles, including without limitation, fees for acting as investment 
advisor, administrator, custodian and transfer agent, and (c) DBSI and its affiliates act as brokers, principals and/or 
market makers in certain markets and may do so in transactions with Client. DBSI may recommend securities or 
strategies that are issued, underwritten, implemented or advised by DBSI or one or more of its affiliates. DBSI may 
receive compensation, in addition to the compensation Client pays DBSI, in the form of Rule 12b-1 fees, distribution 
fees, finder's fees, fees based upon fund management fees and cash or non-cash payments that are paid by mutual 
funds lout of fund assets in the case of Rule 12b-1 fees) or by the managers and other service providers to the funds 
(not out of fund assets). DBSI also participates in a program offered by Pershing, under which DBSI shares in 
revenue received by Pershing from mutual funds offered on the Pershing platform. All of these payments may vary 
based on sales volume or assets under management and may give DBSI a financial incentive to recommend certain 
funds or strategies and to include those funds in models and programs. In addition, DBSI may receive trail 
compensation in connection with sales of auction rate securities. 
12. Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). DBSI provides SIPC coverage through Pershing and/or as a 
member of SIPC. For additional information on this coverage see www.SlPC.org or call the SIPC public information 
number (201) 371.8300. Client will refer to the Annual Disclosure Statement, at http://www.pwm.db.com/americas/ 
en/annualdisclosurestatement.html for additional information regarding SIPC and excess of SIPC coverage. 
13. Tax-Exempt Entities. Charitable remainder trusts, foundations, pension plans and other tax-exempt entities may be 
deemed to receive unrelated business taxable income (UBTI) as a result of investing in certain securities, borrowing 
monies under a margin loan, investing in a partnership or limited liability company that generates UBTI or other 
leverage or loan arrangements. Tax-exempt entities should consult with their tax adviser before making an 
investment or entering into such arrangement. If Client's periodic Account Statement indicates that any Securities 
were forwarded to Client and Client has not received them, Client should notify DBSI immediately. If notification is 
received within 120 days after the mailing date, as reflected on Client's Account Statement, replacement will be 
made free of charge. Thereafter, a fee for replacement may apply. 
DEFINITIONS 
The following are definitions of certain terms that are used within this Account Agreement. As required, the singular shall 
be plural and the plural shall be singular. 
1. 
"Account Agreement" means the written agreement entered into between Client(s) and DBSI regarding Client's)' 
Account(s). The Account Agreement includes the Terms and Conditions, Arbitration, Tax Election/Declaration of Tax 
Status, and the Appendix to the Account Agreement, as well as any other applicable disclosure documents related to 
Client's Account(s), together with any amendments or supplements to such documents. There may be disclosures, 
agreements and terms applicable to a particular feature, program, account or service provided as a result of a Client 
election, modification of or addition to the Account Agreement, change in service or otherwise. DBSI will provide to 
Client such disclosures, agreements and terms, which shall be incorporated into this Account Agreement by 
reference. From time to time, DBSI may require that Client sign other agreements or documents for certain services 
or instructions and such additional agreements and documents shall become part of this Account Agreement. 
2. 
"Affiliate(s)" means any entity that is controlled by, controls or is under common control with DBSI. DBSI is a 
subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. Each affiliate is a separate legal entity. 
3. 
"Applicable Law* means the constitution, rules, regulations, customs and usages of the exchange or market, and its 
clearing house, if any, where a transaction is executed and applicable federal and state laws and regulations, 
including but not limited to securities laws and regulations (including the rules and regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board or foreign securities regulator, as applicable), and the rules 
and regulations of FINRA, or any other self-regulatory agencies or organizations having governing authority to a 
transaction in an Account in effect from time to time. 'Applicable Law" shall also include the rules of any national 
securities association, registered securities exchange or of the Options Clearing Corporation or other clearing 
organization applicable to the trading of option contracts. 
13-AWM-0196 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104221 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250405 
EFTA01449002

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449003.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARGIN ADDENDUM TO ACCOUNT AGREEMENT 
READ AND SIGN BELOW TO OPEN A MARGIN ACCOUNT. 
Supplemental Terms and Conditions that Apply to Client Margin Account 
Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein or in the Margin Disclosures shall have the meaning specified in the 
Account Agreement and/or its Appendix annexed thereto. 
By signing this Agreement Client agrees to be bound by the Terms and Conditions in this Margin Addendum as well as 
those terms and conditions contained in the Account Agreement all of which are incorporated herein by reference. 
1. Mechanics and Risks of Margin. Client represents that Client understands the mechanics and risks of using margin 
as explained in the attached Margin Disclosure which is incorporated herein by reference. 
2. Financing. Client understands that the margin transactions in the Account may be financed by Pershing or DBSI. 
3. Interest and Costs. Client agrees to pay interest on all sums borrowed and other balances due and costs incurred by 
Deutsche Bank in maintaining the Margin Account on Client's behalf. DBSI will deduct all interest charges from 
Client's Account. Interest charges will be reflected on Client's account statement. For additional information on 
interest charges, please refer to the Annual Disclosure Statement at http://www.pwm.db.com/americaslen/ 
annualdisclosurestatement.html. To obtain the current schedule of rates visit: http://pwm.db.com/pwm/en/ 
alexbrown_legal_overview.html and click on "DBAB Call Rate" or contact the Client Advisor. 
4. Client's Margin Loan Is a Demand Loan. As such, DBSI or Pershing has the right to demand at any time the 
immediate payment of all or any portion of a margin balance. 
5. Liens. Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other 
Property in the possession or control of DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest (held 
individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and Other Properly are referred to herein as "DB 
Collateral") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its Affiliates or 
Pershing (collectively, all such obligations are referred to herein as the 'DB Obligations"). Client further grants to 
Pershing a security interest in and lien (the "Pershing Lien") upon all Securities and Other Property held in Client's 
Margin Account(s) and any associated cash account(s) (*Margin Collateral") to secure the indebtedness or any other 
obligation of Client to Pershing in this Margin Account (the "Margin Obligations"). Clients who are joint account 
holders (Joint Accountholders) acknowledge and agree that DB Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property 
held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates (whether 
individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any and all DB Obligations of each Joint Accountholder to DBSI 
and its Affiliates. With respect to the lien granted to DBSI and its Affiliates, DBSI (or Pershing, at DBSI's instruction) 
may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal 
with any or all such DB Collateral in order to satisfy any DB Obligations. In enforcing this lien, DBSI shall have the 
discretion to determine which Securities and Other Property to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. With respect 
to the Pershing Lien, Pershing may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or 
otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all Margin Collateral in order to satisfy any Margin Obligations. In enforcing 
this Pershing lien, Pershing shall have the discretion to determine what and how much Margin Collateral to apply for 
the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to grant an interest in 
any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c)(1)(8) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 406(a)(i)(B) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement account(s) maintained by DBSI, which 
may include IRAs or qualified plans, are not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property may only be 
used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to Client's retirement account(s)• 
6. Consent to Loan or Pledge of Securities and Other Property. Within the limitations imposed by Applicable Law, all 
Securities and Other Property now or hereafter held, carried or maintained by or in the possession of DBSI that have 
not been fully paid for, or are held in a margin account as collateral for a margin loan, may be lent to DBSI, to 
Pershing or to others, and may be pledged, repledged, hypothecated or rehypothecated by DBSI and/or Pershing 
without notice to Client, either separately or in common with other securities, commodities and other property of 
DBSI's or Pershing's other clients for any amount due in any account with DBSI in which Client has an interest, or 
for any greater amount, and DBSI and/or Pershing may do so without retaining in its possession or control for 
delivery a like amount of similar Securities and Other Property. Client understands that while securities held for 
Client's Account(s) are loaned out, Client will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. Margin securities in 
Client's account may be used for, among other things, settling short sales and lending the securities for short sales. 
As a result, Pershing and/or DBSI may receive compensation in connection with these transactions. Neither 
Pershing, nor DBSI, will lend or pledge fully paid for securities without Client's written permission. 
7. Margin Maintenance, Calls for Additional Collateral, Liquidations and Covering Short Positions. In order to engage 
in margin transactions, Client will be required to maintain such Securities and Other Property in Client's Margin 
Account(s) for margin purposes as shall be required under Applicable Law or otherwise by DBSI or Pershing for any 
reason. Client may be required to post, deposit or maintain additional collateral at any time. In addition to the rights 
otherwise set forth in this Agreement, DBSI and Pershing also shall have the right to liquidate any Securities and 
Other Property held in the Margin Account whenever DBSI or Pershing deems it necessary for its protection. 
Circumstances that may result in collateral calls or liquidations include, but are not limited to, the failure to promptly 
meet any call for additional collateral, the filing of a petition in bankruptcy, the appointment of a receiver by or 
against Client, or the attachment or levy against any account with DBSI in which Client has an interest. 
1340.NM-0196 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104224 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250408 
EFTA01449003

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449004.pdf
----------------------------------------
The rights of DBSI and Pershing shall include the right to buy all Securities and Other Property which may be short 
in such account, to cancel any open orders and to close any or all outstanding contracts, all without demand for 
margin or additional margin, notice of sale or purchase or other notice or advertisement, each of which is expressly 
waived. Upon a default, Client will also bear the cost of preserving the value of collateral, including hedging 
transactions that may be executed at DBSI or Pershing's discretion. Any sales or purchases hereunder may be made 
at on any exchange or other market where such business is usually transacted, or at public auction or private sale, 
and DBSI or Pershing may be the purchaser for its own account. Client understands that any prior demand, or call or 
prior notice of the time and place of such sale or purchase shall not be considered a waiver of the right to sell or buy 
without demand or notice as provided herein. Client further understands and agrees that if DBSI or Pershing permits 
Client a period of time in which to satisfy a call, the granting of that period of time shall not in any way waive or 
diminish the right of DBSI or Pershing to shorten the time period in which Client must satisfy the call, including an 
outstanding call, or to demand that a call be satisfied immediately. Client further understands that liquidations may 
involve sales of positions in Client's Accounts) that are as great as the full indebtedness owed by Client. 
8. 
Reg T Extensions. Client authorizes DBSI, at its discretion, to request and obtain extensions) of Client's time to 
make payment for securities Client purchases, as provided for by Federal Reserve Bank Regulation T. 
9. Short Sales of Securities. Client understands that before executing a Short Sale, DBSI or Pershing is generally 
required to make an affirmative determination as to whether DBSI or Pershing will receive delivery of the securities 
from the Client or that the securities can be borrowed by the settlement date. This process is commonly referred to 
as 'obtaining a locate." If a sufficient quantity of securities is not available from inventory, DBSI or Pershing may, 
among other things, contact third-party lenders to ascertain whether they have securities available for lending. If a 
sufficient quantity of securities appears borrowable, DBSI or Pershing may proceed to execute the short sate on 
Client's behalf. A locate is simply an indication that, as of the time the locate is obtained, it appears that securities 
will be available for borrowing on the settlement date. A locate is not a guarantee that securities will actually be 
available for lending and delivery on the settlement date or that the lender will not thereafter require the return of 
the borrowed securities. tf the securities are not available for borrowing for any reason by the settlement date, Client 
(as the seller) will "fail to deliver" to the purchaser. In that circumstance, a buy-in of the securities that were not 
timely delivered will occur on the moming of the third business day after normal settlement date and Client will be 
responsible for all losses and costs of the buy-in. See 'Mandatory Close-Out of Short Sales" below. Client is 
ultimately responsible for the delivery of securities on the settlement date and for the consequences of a failure to 
deliver and the timely return of securities borrowed on Client's behalf including any losses incurred by DBSI or 
Pershing relating to such short sales. Short positions will be "marked to the market" weekly. If the aggregate value 
of all securities sold by Client appreciates, an amount equal to such appreciation will be transferred from Client's 
Margin Account to Client's short Account resulting in a debit entry in the Margin Account. If the aggregate value of 
all the securities sold short depreciates, an amount equal to such decline will be transferred from the cash account 
to the Margin Account resulting in a credit entry in the Margin Account. The closing price from the previous 
business day is used to determine any appreciation or depreciation in the market value of any security sold short. 
Please note, from time to time, DBSI or Pershing may be prohibited from effecting a short sale in accordance with 
Applicable Law whether or not a "locate" is obtained. 
10. Mandatory Close-Out of Short Sales. Applicable Law generally requires that short sales of equity securities be 
closed by no later than the beginning of regular trading hours on the first business day following the settlement date 
if delivery of the securities has not occurred. The close-out is effected by DBSI or Pershing purchasing the securities 
for cash or guaranteed delivery of like kind and quantity. The requirement generally applies to undelivered equity 
securities that, on the date of the short sale, appeared on the "restricted list' of FINRA or a national securities 
exchange of which DBSI or Pershing is a member (i.e. those securities that have a clearing short position of 10.000 
shares or more and that are equal to at least 1/2 of 1% of the issue's total shares outstanding) ("Threshold 
Securities"). DBSI or Pershing will be required to effect a close-out mandated by Applicable Law whether or not a 
"locate" was obtained and whether or not a buy-in notice was issued by a purchaser or securities lender. 
11. Tax Treatment of Earnings on Pledged Municipal Securities. Client will consult with a tax adviser prior to 
depositing municipal securities to satisfy margin requirements as there may be tax consequences of doing so. 
12. Rehypothecation and Tax Treatment of Payments in Lieu of Dividends. The Internal Revenue Code generally 
provides that, subject to certain requirements, dividends paid to a U.S. individual shareholder from domestic 
corporations and certain foreign corporations are subject to tax at the reduced rates applicable to long-term capital 
gains. Payments in lieu of dividends are not eligible for the reduced rate of tax for dividends and are taxed at 
ordinary income tax rates. DBSI and Pershing have the right to rehypothecate margined shares in Client's Margin 
Account. Accordingly, Client hereby agrees that Client's Account may receive payments in lieu of dividends, which 
unlike actual dividends are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Client further agrees that neither DBSI nor Pershing 
shall be responsible to Client for any additional taxes or other costs Client incurs for receipt of such payments in lieu 
of dividends. Client also agrees to consult with Client's tax adviser if Client has any questions relating to payments 
in lieu of dividends. 
13. Additional Risks. The use of margin may enable Client to increase the size of the trades and/or volume of trading in 
the account which may result in an increase in the amount of commissions being paid to DBSI or Pershing by Client. 
14. Restricted Securities. Client will not post Restricted Securities as collateral for margin transactions without the prior 
approval of DBSI. 
15. Collection Remedies. DBSI reserves the right to assert any other remedies available under Applicable Law to collect 
any and all amount(s) due to DBSI or Pershing. 
16. Receipt of Margin Disclosure. Client hereby acknowledges receipt of the Margin Disclosure and Client 
acknowledges Client's understanding of and agreement to the contents thereof. 
13-AWM-0198 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104225 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250409 
EFTA01449004

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449005.pdf
----------------------------------------
BY SIGNING BELOW, CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT CUENT HAS RECEIVED, READ AND AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THIS MARGIN 
AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE MARGIN DISCLOSURE. 
This Agreement is subject to the Pre-Dispute Arbitration Clause in Section III, page 5, of the Account Agreement. 
Account Number 
Individual or joint account OF THIS IS A JOINT ACCOUNT, ALL ACCOUNT OWNERS MUST SIGN): 
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
 SSN/EIN  
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Corporation, partnership, trust or other entity: 
CONFIRMATION OF AUTHORITY TO BORROW: 
If this is an agreement for a trust, other fiduciary account or other non-natural person's) account, the authorized person hereby certifies and represents that 
the use of a margin account and specifically the borrowing, lending and pledging of Securities and Other Property as described herein and in the Margin 
Section is in accordance with and authorized by the provisions of the trust or other instrument and Applicable Law governing the trust or other entity. 
Jeepers Inc 
Naive of Entity 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
Date 
Print Name/Title/et freY Epstein 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Pany__, 
Print Name/Title 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party___ 
Print Name/Title  
Date 
Dar 
FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
Branch Manager approval for margin accounts: Signature 
 Date 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
13•AWM•0196 
012145 032813 
DB-SDNY-0 104226 
SDNY_GM_00250410 
EFTA01449005

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449006.pdf
----------------------------------------
Optional Form: 
Consent to Electronic Delivery of Materials and Communications 
Please read, complete, sign, date, and return the next page if you wish to permit Deutsche Bank to send you 
Materials and Communications listed on the form by electronic means in lieu of hard copy. This is an optional 
form. You may revoke your consent to electronic delivery at any time without charge by sending a written 
request to your account representative. 
13-AWM-0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104227 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250411 
EFTA01449006

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449007.pdf
----------------------------------------
FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Consent to Electronic Delivery of Materials and Communications 
Re: 'insert account number(s1) 
In an effort to continue to provide you with timely information on Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management's brokerage, 
investment advisory, trust, banking and other product and service offerings, when possible, we would like to send offering 
documents, prospectuses. term sheets, free writing prospectuses, Forms ADV Part 2 and other communications (collectively 
the "Materials") to you electronically, including by email, facsimile, website, CD-ROM or other electronic means. This 
permission for Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management to deliver Materials to you electronically is being granted to Deutsche 
Bank AG and its affiliates and subsidiaries that conduct business through Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management, including 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, Deutsche 
Bank Trust Company, N.A. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware, among others. 
Please note that certain offerings (pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and, in the case of bearer debt 
obligations, in compliance with the U.S. Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982) are only available for purchase 
outside the United States. Any documents for such offerings must be read by you outside the United States and any 
purchases by you of securities pursuant to such offerings must be made outside the United States. For this purpose, the 
"United States" includes any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the territories and possessions of the 
United States. Any such offering shall be so identified in its corresponding email or facsimile cover letter. If you have 
requested Hold Mail Service, by signing below, you hereby specifically authorize us to send any Materials to you by the 
electronic means described above. 
To view and print certain Materials online, you will need Adobe Reader. If necessary, you can download the software at 
www.adobe.com. 
Client: By signing below. (a) I represent that I am authorized to sign on behalf of the accounts) covered by this consent form, 
(b) I hereby consent to receipt of Materials via the electronic means described above, (c) I represent that the email address 
provided above is an email address that an accountholder will access, and is not an email address of someone other than an 
accountholder, (d) I agree to notify Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management promptly of any change to my email address or 
facsimile number, and (e) I agree to hold Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management harmless to the extent I do not receive 
Materials through my failure to notify Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management of any change to my email address or 
facsimile number. I understand that I may revoke my consent at any time without charge by sending a written request to my 
account representative. By signing below as Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common, the parties agree that delivery by 
electronic means to the email address herein constitutes delivery to each party. 
This consent applies to all accounts that I hold with Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management. 
Signature:  
Name of Authorized Signatory: 
Date:  
Title:  
By signing here, the Office Supervisor certifies that the above listed client signatory has proper authority to grant this consent: 
Ill lIllIllIllIll 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
13-AWM-0213 ED 
006421.032713 
DB-SDNY-0 104228 
SDNY_GM_00250412 
EFTA01449007

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449008.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Private Wealth Management 
Corporate Account Authorization and Terms and Conditions 
Officer's Certificate 
Account Number: 
I, 
, the duly elected and acting 
ofJeepers, Inc 
Itite "Corporation")  hereby certify that: 
(II The following resolutions were adopted by unanknous consent of the Board of Directors of the Corporation on the 
RESOLVED, that any persons designated by the 
of the Corporation &reauthorized on behalf of the Corporationlitii 
(A) Open and maintain one or more brokerage account(s) for and in the name of the Corporation at Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred 
to herein as "DBSI") (including any successor thereof); 
WI Deposit, deliver, assign, withdraw and transfer funds, instruments and securities of any type; 
(CI Sell any securities owned by the Corporation; 
ID) Buy any securities in a cash account; and 
(E) Buy, sell and sell securities (including put and call options) short in a margin account; and (DELETE (E) IF INAPPLICABLE) 
(F) Execute all documents, and exercise and direct the exercise of all duties, rights, and powers, and take all actions necessary or 
appropriate to perform the powers enumerated above. 
EURTHEFTRESOLVED; thilthe 
of glitotgOietiort Shit 
powers,.. office or identity. 
dais .Persons authorized to perform the powers enumerated above. DBSI may rely upon any such certificate of 
authority furnished by the Corporation until written certification of any change in authority shall have been received by DBSI. Any past action in 
accordance with this resolution is hereby ratified and confirmed. The powers enumerated above pertain to securities of any type now or hereafter 
held by the Corporation in its own right or in any fiduciary capacity. Powers previously certified by the Corporation shall not be affected by the 
dispatch or receipt of any other form of notice nor any change in the position with the Corporation held by any person so empowered. Any 
officer of the Corporation is hereby authorized to certify these resolutions to whom it may concern. 
I2) 
Each of the following are authorized to perform the powers enumerated in the foregoing resolutions and by signing his or her name in this 
section 2 agrees on behalf of the Corporation to the Terms and Conditions attached hereto: 
(List name and corporate position) 
EMI 
MEW 
Name 
Position 
=We 
Signature 
Name 
Position 
Name 
Position 
Signature 
Signature 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG, conducts investment banking and securities activities in the UK ed St tes. 
1111111111111111111 I0 
CORP 
09.PVVM-0186 Corp Acct Au h & T&C 102/12) CORP 
006420-022212 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104229 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250413 
EFTA01449008

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449009.pdf
----------------------------------------
Terms and Conditions Corporate Accounts 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred to herein as "DBSI") accepts the Account of the client described in the attached certificate (the "Client"). The 
term DBSI includes its affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees. Client understands that Pershing LLC is the carrier of the Account as 
clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with OBS!. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. As used herein, the term "affiliate of Deutsche Bank" or "Deutsche Bank 
affiliates" means Deutsche Bank AG and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Each of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates is a separately incorporated legal 
entity, none of which is responsible for the obligations of the others. "Securities and Other Property" shall include, but shall not be limited to, money 
and securities, financial instruments, commodities of every kind and nature, and all contracts and options relating to any thereof, owned by the Client 
or in which the Client has an interest. These terms and conditions shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the 
United States, as amended. 
By opening the Account, Client agrees to the following terms and conditions: 
1. Confirmations, and Transmission of Instructions 
Client agrees to notify DBSI in writing, within ten (101 days of sending Client a confirmation, of any objection Client has to any transaction in its 
Account. In the absence of such written notification, Client agrees that all transactions for its Account will be final and binding on it. Client 
understands that it is responsible for transmission of instructions to DBSI and that Client bears the risk of loss arising from the method of 
transmission that Client uses in the event of transmission errors, misunderstandings, impersonations, transmission by unauthorized persons or 
forgery. Client agrees to release and indemnify DBSI from any and all liability arising from the execution of transactions based on such instructions 
except if °BSI's gross negligence caused the transmission error. 
2. Cash Account 
With respect to the Account: (i) Client will make full cash payment on or before settlement date for each security purchased, unless funds 
sufficient therefor are already held in the Account; (ii) Client does not contemplate selling any security before it is paid for as provided in the 
preceding clause; (iii) Client will own each security sold at the time of sale and, unless such security is already held in the account, will promptly 
deliver such security thereto on or before settlement date; and fiv) Client will promptly make full cash payment of any amount that may become 
due in order to meet necessary requests for additional deposits or, with respect to any unissued security purchased or sold, to mark to the market. 
3. Short and Long Orders; Deliveries and Settlements 
Client agrees that, in giving orders to sell, all "short" sales will be designated by it as "short" and all other sales will be designated by DBSI as 
long." Client also agrees that DBSI may, at its discretion, immediately cover any short sales in the Account, without prior notice. In case of non-
delivery of a security, DBSI is authorized to purchase the security to cover Client's position and charge any loss, commissions and fees to the 
Account. Client agrees that if DBSI fails to receive payment for securities Client has purchased. DBSI may, without prior demand or notice, sell 
those securities or other property held by DBSI in the Account and any loss resulting therefrom will be charged to the Account. Cient authorizes 
DBSI, at its discretion, to request and obtain extension(s) of Client's time to make payment for securities Client purchased, as provided for by 
Federal Reserve Bank Regulation T. 
4. Liens 
Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other Property in the possession or control of 
DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest 'held individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and 
Other Property are referred to herein as "Collators") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its 
Affiliates or Pershing (provided that such indebtedness or obligation to Pershing arises in connection with this Agreement) (collectively, all such 
obligations are referred to herein as the "Obligations"). Clients who are joint accountholders ("Joint Accountholders") acknowledge and agree that 
pursuant to this lien, the Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint 
Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates (whether individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any and aN Obligations of each Joint 
Accountholder to DBSI and its Affiliates. DBSI (or Pershing. at DBSI's instruction) may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release. 
exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all such Collateral in order to satisfy any Obligations. In enforcing this lien. DBSI shall 
have the discretion to determine which Securities and Other Property to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing. 
nothing herein shall be deemed to grant an interest in any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c) 
111181 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended. or Section 406la)01(8) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement accounts) maintained by DBSI, which may include IRAs or qualified plans, are 
not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property may only be used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to 
Client's retirement account(s). 
5. Authority to Borrow 
In case of the sale of any security or other property by DBSI at Client's direction and DBSI's inability to timely deliver the same to the purchaser by 
reason of Client's failure to supply DBSI therewith, Client authorizes DBSI to purchase or borrow any security or other property necessary to make 
the required delivery, and Client agrees to be responsible for any loss or cost, including interest, which DBSI sustains as a result of Client's failure 
to make delivery to DBSI. 
B. Interest Charges 
Client acknowledges that debit balances in the Account, including, but not limited to, those arising from its failure to make payment by settlement 
date for securities purchased, will be charged interest at the then current rate, in accordance with ()BSI's usual custom. Interest will be computed 
on the net daily debit balance, which is computed by combining all debit balances and credit balances in each account with the exception of 
credit balances associated with short security positions. 
7. Credit Information and Investigation 
Client authorizes DBSI to obtain reports concerning its credit standing and business conduct at DBSI's discretion. Client also authorizes DBSI and 
any affiliate of Deutsche Bank, including, without limitation, Deutsche Bank AG, to share among such affiliates such information and any other 
confidential information DBSI and such affiliates may have about Client and the Account. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104231 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250415 
EFTA01449009

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449010.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
lay Lipman 
Sent: 
9/9/2013 5:37:32 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
CC: 
Paul Morris II
; Tazia Smith I 
Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Re: ACATS for Southern Financial/Trust fi) 
Attachments: pic16774.gif; pic01709.gif; pic07804.gif; pic13942.gif; pic20680.gif; pic06593.gif; pic31477.gif; pic22315.gif; 
pic26244.gif; pic08763.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
we need to comb through the positions and consult the necessary product 
specialists, especially for the foreign exchange products. We will confirm the 
definitive list with you tomorrow upon consulting the necessary individuals. 
Kind Regards, 
Jay Lipman 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic16774.gif) 
Jay Lipman 
Analyst I markets Coverage Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01709.gif) 
From: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom 
To: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
Jay Lipman/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS, Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, vahe 
stepanian/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
Date: 
09/09/2013 05:20 PM 
subject: 
Re: ACATS for southern Financial/Trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Jay -- Do you have a list of what positions can't be transferred in kind? 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07804.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104233 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250417 
EFTA01449010

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449011.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic13942.gif) 
From: 
Paul Morris/db 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/d 
cc: 
Tazia smith/db 
Date: 
09/09/2013 05:09 PM 
Subject: 
Re: ACATS for Southern Financial/Trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thanks need to move this forward, 
 Original Message  
From: Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 09/09/2013 04:13 PM EDT 
To: Jay Lipman 
Cc: Tazia Smith; Vahe Stepanian; Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: ACATS for Southern Financial/Trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thank you, Jay. I'll send the account docs to the client today and we can 
discuss the ACATs further when Paul is in the office tomorrow 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic20680.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York NY 
SA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic06593.gif) 
From: 
Jay Lipman/db 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/ 
Cc: 
Tazia Smith/d 
Date: 
09/09/2013 04:03 PM 
Subject: 
Re: ACATS for Southern Financial/Trust [I] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104234 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250418 
EFTA01449011

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449012.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Amanda, 
As we discussed earlier, the ACAT's will be more complicated than usual due to 
the exotic nature of some of the assets in the accounts. 
As for Jeepers, please find attached below the necessary brokerage documents 
for a corporate account. Please find completion Instructions: 
Account Agreement - Please complete highlighted areas on pgs. 1, 6, 7, 14, and 
Corp ACCt. Authorization - Please complete highlighted area and sign/date 
bottom of pages 1 + 2 
[attachment "AWM Acct. Agreement.pdf" deleted by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom] 
[attachment "Corporate Account Authorization.pdf" deleted by Amanda 
Kirby/db/dbcom] [attachment "New Corporate Info Sheet 6.2012.pdf" deleted by 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom] 
Kind Regards, 
Jay Lipman 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic31477.gif) 
Jay Lipman 
Analyst I Markets Coverage Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22315.gif) 
From: 
Amanda Kirby/IIIIIIIII 
To: 
Jay Lipman 
Cc: 
Tazia Smith, vahe Stepanian/ 
Date: 
09/09/2013 10:59 AM 
Subject: 
ACATS for Southern Financial/Trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Jay, 
wanted to touch base in regards to the ACATS for Southern Trust and Southern 
Financial. I know you were working on them on Friday. Would like to send them 
to the client today, if possible. 
Also, Jeepers Inc was KYC approved on our end. I am going to work on getting 
those account docs prepared and send them over today. would you mind sending 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104235 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250419 
EFTA01449012

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449013.pdf
----------------------------------------
me Brokerage accounts for them? 
Thank you 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26244.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax + 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic08763.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104236 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250420 
EFTA01449013

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449014.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104238 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250422 
EFTA01449014

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449015.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104240 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250424 
EFTA01449015

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449016.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104241 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250425 
EFTA01449016

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449017.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104242 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250426 
EFTA01449017

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449018.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
9/10/2013 2:12:38 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20130910 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/09/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_adminOlist.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104247 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250431 
EFTA01449018

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449019.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
9/10/20131:07:09 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Classification: Public 
thanks Lesley, I'll come back to you, is he available on his cell this week for 5 minutes? best 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Offic 
Cell: 
From: 
Ledo Groll 
To: 
Date: 
09/10/2013 12:49 PM 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Paul...Jeffrey asked me to pass along that he will 
be in NY Sept 20th as well as week 
after... 
Thanks, Lesley 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104248 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250432 
EFTA01449019

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449020.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
9/10/2013 2:35:11 PM 
Classification: Public 
thanks Lesley, we spoke, my best 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York SIY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: 
To. 
Date: 
SWmta. 
Lesley Groff 
Paul Morris 
09/10/2013 12:49PM 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Paul...Jeffrey asked me to pass along that he will be in NY Sept 20th as well as week 
after... 
Thanks, Lesley 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104249 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250433 
EFTA01449020

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449021.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
9/11/2013 2:32:35 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20130911 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/10/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
37989772 DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
42942688 SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
42952763 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
42952771 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
44129252 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_adminOlist.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104250 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250434 
EFTA01449021

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449022.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
9/11/2013 1:48:28 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Account status Ill 
Attachments: Account Status as of 9.11.2013.docx; pic12876.gif; pic15417.gif 
classification: For internal use only 
(See attached file: Account Status as of 9.11.2013.docx) 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12876.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic15417.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DEkSDNIY-0104251 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00250435 
EFTA01449022

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449023.pdf
----------------------------------------
1. Southern Financial: 
a. Brokerage Account: 
b. Brokerage Account: 
c. Money Market Account #: 
d. Checking Account #: 
2. Southern Trust: 
a. Brokerage Account: 
b. Brokerage Account: 
c. Money Market Account 
d. Checking Account 
3. Personal Accounts 
a. Documents with Harry. 
b. Accounts should be open by 9/12 or 9/13 
4. Jeepers. Inc: 
a. Documents with Harry. 
b. Accounts should be open by 9/12 or 9/13 
5. Haze Trust: 
a. Documents to be sent to Harry on 9/11 
6. J.E VI Foundation: 
a. Documents not sent out yet 
7. Butterfly Trust: $8,500 
a. Documents not sent out yet 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104252 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250436 
EFTA01449023

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449024.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449024.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104254 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250438 
EFTA01449024

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449025.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449025.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Amanda Kirby 
9/11/2013 2:00:27 PM 
Paul Morris 
Docs [I] 
Account Status as of 9.11.2013.docx; pic08485.gif; pic07073.gif 
classification: For internal use only 
(See attached file: Account Status as of 9.11.2013.docx) 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic08485.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212)454-6439 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07073.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250439 
DB-SDNY-0 104255 
EFTA01449025

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449026.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Opening Status as of 9/11/13 
1. Southern Financial: 
Status 
2. 
a. Brokerage Account: 
b. Brokerage Account: 
c. Money Market Account #: 
d. Checking Account #: 
Southern Trust: 
Opened 
Opened 
Opened 
Opened 
3. 
a. Brokerage Account: 
b. Brokerage Account: 
c. Money Market Account # 
d. Checking Account t) 
Personal Accounts 
a. Account opening documents with client 
Opened 
Opened 
Opened 
Opened 
4. Jeepers, Inc: 
5. 
a. Account opening documents with client 
Haze Trust: 
6. 
a. Account opening documents to be sent to client on 9/12 
J.E VI Foundation: 
7. 
a. Account opening documents to be sent to client on 9/12 
Butterfly Trust: 
a. Account opening documents to be sent to client on 9/12 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104256 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250440 
EFTA01449026

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449027.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449027.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104257 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250441 
EFTA01449027

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449028.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
9/11/2013 2:08:34 PM 
To: 
CC: 
Tazia Smith 
Paul Morr' 
Subject: 
Account Stats Update 
Attachments: Account Status as of 9.11.2013.docx; pic04718.gif; pic02524.gif 
Classification: Public 
As discussed, please find attached a status update of all the accounts. You'll 
see which ones are opened and which ones we are still working on. 
I hope to 
have account opening docs for Haze, )E Foundation and Butterfly out by either 
this afternoon or tomorrow morning. 
I will also be sending the Power of 
Attorney for Lori to sign shortly 
(See attached file: Account Status as of 9.11.2013.docx) 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pi c04718.gi f) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
ISM 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02524.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104259 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250443 
EFTA01449028

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449029.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449029.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Opening Status as of 9/11/13 
1. Southern Financial: 
Status 
2. 
a. Brokerage Account: 
b. Brokerage Accounts 
c. Money Market Account ft 
d. Checking Account #: 
Southern Trust: 
Opened 
Opened 
Opened 
Opened 
3. 
a. Brokerage Account: 
b. Brokerage Account: 
c. Money Market Account # 
d. Checking Account 
Personal Accounts 
a. Account opening documents with client 
Opened 
Opened 
Opened 
Opened 
4. Jeepers, Inc: 
5. 
a. Account opening documents with client 
Haze Trust: 
6. 
a. Account opening documents to be sent to client on 9/12 
J.E VI Foundation: 
7. 
a. Account opening documents to be sent to client on 9/12 
Butterfly Trust: 
a. Account opening documents to be sent to client on 9/12 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104260 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250444 
EFTA01449029

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449030.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
9/11/2013 3:12:59 PM 
To: 
Jay Lipman 
Vahe Stepanian 
CC: 
Tazia Smith 
j; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Account Docs IC] 
Attachments: Account Status as of 9.11.2013.docx; pic15117.gif; pic1922S.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Jay/Vahe, 
Can you send me 2 sets of blank account opening documents? 
One is for a Trust 
(The Haze Trust) and one is for a 501(c)3 non-profit (J.Epstein Virgin Islands 
Foundation). 
I would like to send them out this afternoon. I can fill 
them 
out on my own. 
we are expecting to get Jeepers, Inc account docs and personal accounts docs 
for Jeffrey back this afternoon. Just a heads up. 
Attached is a status report of where we stand on all of these accounts and 
what we will be opening. 
Let me know if you have any questions 
(see attached file: Account Status as of 9.11.2013.docx) 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic15117.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New vor 
4-0004 
Tel. + 
Fax + 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic1922S.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104265 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250449 
EFTA01449030

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449031.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Opening Status as of 9/11/13 
1. Southern Financial: 
Status 
2. 
a. Brokerage Account: 
b. Brokerage Account: 
c. Money Market Account If: 
d. Checking Account #: 
Southern Trust: 
Opened 
Opened 
Opened 
Opened 
3. 
a. Brokerage Account: 
b. Brokerage Account: 
c. Money Market Account 
d. Checking Account 
Personal Accounts 
a. Account opening documents with client 
b. (Brokerage and Deposits) 
Opened 
Opened 
Opened 
Opened 
4. Jeepers, Inc: 
5. 
a. Account opening documents with client 
b. (Brokerage and Deposits) 
Haze Trust: 
6. 
a. Account opening documents to be sent to client on 9/12 
b. (Brokerage and Deposits) 
J.E VI Foundation: 
7. 
a. Account opening documents to be sent to client on 9/12 
b. (Brokerage and Deposits) 
Butterfly Trust: 
a. Account opening documents to be sent to client on 9/12 
b. Deposits only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104266 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250450 
EFTA01449031

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449032.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104267 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250451 
EFTA01449032

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449033.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104268 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250452 
EFTA01449033

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449034.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
9/12/2013 2:32:50 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Rtv10081851 Daily Deposit Report 20130912 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/11/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
37989772 DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
42942688 SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
42952763 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
42952771 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
44129252 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104269 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250453 
EFTA01449034

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449035.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Location: 
Tazia Smith 
9/11/2013 6:32:01 PM 
Paul Morris I
Paul/Tazia Epstein Position Review .1E, Calvary, & Toms Debriefs and follow-ups 
c183203.ics 
Paul's Office 
Start: 
9/12/2013 10:30:00 AM 
End: 
9/12/2013 11:00:00 AM 
Show Time As: Tentative 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
Description 
Classification: Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250454 
DB-SDNY-0 104270 
EFTA01449035

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449036.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Location: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom 
(paul.morris@db.corn) 
Paul/Tazia Epstein Position Review +1E, Calvary, & Toms Debriefs and follow-ups 
Paul's Office 
9/12/2013 10:30:00 AM 
9/12/2013 11:00:00 AM 
Busy 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
Classification: Confidential 
Paul Morris 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104273 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250457 
EFTA01449036

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449037.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Location: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
Paul Morris I
9/11/2013 6:35:59 PM 
Tazia Smith 
Paul/Tazia Epstein Position Review 41E, Calvary, & Toms Debriefs and follow-ups 
c183603.ics 
Paul's Office 
9/12/2013 10:30:00 AM 
9/12/2013 11:00:00 AM 
Busy 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
Description 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250458 
DB-SDNY-0 104274 
EFTA01449037

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449038.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250459 
EFTA01449038

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449039.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Haze Trust/JEVI Foundation 
Attachments: Haze AWM Acct. Agreement.pdf; Haze Trust Account Documents.pdf; Haze Trust Authorization.pdf; JEVI AWM 
Account Agreement.pdf; JEVI Corporate Account Authorization.pdf; JE Foundation Checking Account Docs.pdf; JE 
Foundation Non Profit Account Doc.pdf; pic02935.gif; pic12527.gif 
Amanda Kirby 
9/12/2013 3:511111
•au • orn 
classification: Public 
Hi Everyone --
Attached are the account opening dots for The Haze Trust and ).Epstein Virgin 
Islands Foundation. 
Please fill out all highlighted sections in the below. 
For the JE Foundation Non-Profit documents please fill out all blanks as this 
document could not be highlighted. Let me know if you have any questions 
HAZE: 
(See attached file: Haze AWN Acct. Agreement.pdf)(See attached file: Haze 
Trust Account Documents . pdf)(See attached file: Haze Trust Authorization.pdf) 
FOUNDATION: 
(See attached file: JEVI AWM Account Agreement . pdf) (See attached file: JEVI 
Corporate Account Authorization. pd f) (See attached file: JE Foundation Checking 
Account Docs . pd f) (See attached file: )E Foundation Non Profit Account Doc.pdf) 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pi c02935 .gi f) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associ ate 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. 
10154-0004 
Tel. + 
Fax +1 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12527.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104278 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250462 
EFTA01449039

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449040.pdf
----------------------------------------
5. Purchase of Securities. DBSI requires that cash accounts contain sufficient funds to settle a transaction, but has the 
right to accept an order without sufficient funds with the understanding that Client will submit payment on or before 
settlement date for each security purchased. DBSI retains the right to cancel or liquidate any order accepted and/or 
executed without prior notice to Client, if DBSI does not receive payment by settlement date. Alternatively, upon 
Client's failure to pay for purchased and settled securities, DBSI has the right to sell Securities and Other Property 
held in any of Client's Account(s), and charge to Client any loss resulting therefrom. 
6. Sale of Securities. Client agrees that in a cash account: (a) Client will not sell any Security before it is paid for, (b) 
Client will own each security sold at the time of sale, (c) unless such security is already held in the Account, Client 
will promptly deliver such security thereto on or before settlement date, (d) Client will promptly make full cash 
payment of any amount which may become due in order to meet necessary requests for additional deposits and (e) 
with respect to any Securities and Other Property sold, Client will satisfy any mark to the market deficiencies. Client 
must affect all Short Sales in a margin account and designate these sales as -short." All other sales will be 
designated as "long" and will be deemed to be owned by Client. In the event that DBSI enters an order to sell 
Securities and Other Property that Client represents Client owns, but which are not held in the Account at the time of 
sale, and Client fails to make delivery by settlement date, DBSI has the right to purchase or borrow any Securities 
and Other Property necessary to make the required delivery. Client agrees to compensate DBSI for any loss or cost, 
including interest, commission or fees sustained as a result of the foregoing. DBSI charges interest on unpaid 
balances in cash accounts from the close of business on settlement date. See the Annual Disclosure Statement, at 
hup://www.pwm.db.com/americas/en/annualdisclosurestatement.html for additional information on interest charges. 
7. Restrictions on Trading. DBSI has the right to prohibit or restrict Client's ability to trade Securities and Other 
Property, or to substitute securities in Client's Account. 
8. Restricted Securities. Client will not buy, sell or pledge any Restricted Securities without DBSI's prior written 
approval. Prior to placing any order for Restricted Securities subject to Rule 144 or 145 of the Securities Act of 1933, 
Client must identify the status of the securities and furnish DBSI with the necessary documents (including opinions 
of legal counsel, if requested) to obtain approval to transfer and register these securities. DBSI will not be liable for 
any delays in the processing of these securities or for any losses caused by these delays. DBSI has the right to 
decline to accept an order for these securities until the transfer and registration of such securities has been approved. 
9. Order Placement and Cancellation/Modification Requests. When Client verbally places a trade with a Client 
Advisor, Client will be bound to the oral confirmation repeated back to Client, unless Client objects at the time of the 
order. Client understands that requests to cancel/modify an order that DBSI accepts are on a best efforts basis only. 
10. Aggregation of Orders and Average Prices. Client authorizes DBSI to aggregate orders for Client Account(s) with 
other orders. Client recognizes that in so doing, Client may receive an average price for orders that may differ from 
the price(s) Client may have received had the orders not been aggregated. Client understands that this practice may 
also result in orders being only partially completed. 
11. Transmission of Instructions. Client understands and accepts responsibility for the transmission of instructions to 
0BSI and will bear the risk of loss arising from the method of transmission used in the event of transmission errors, 
misunderstandings, impersonations, transmission by unauthorized persons, forgery or intercepts. Except in the case 
of gross negligence, Client agrees to release and indemnify DBSI, its affiliates, employees and directors from any 
and all liability arising from the execution of transactions based on such instructions. 
12. Role of Certain Third Parties. DBSI engages a third-party clearing agent, Pershing. Client understands that Pershing 
is the custodian of Client's assets, clears and settles all transactions, and extends credit on any margin purchases, 
where applicable. Client further understands that Pershing may accept from DBSI, without inquiry or investigation: (i) 
orders for the purchase or sale of Securities and Other Property on margin or otherwise, and (ii) any other 
instructions concerning Account(s). Client further understands that the contract between DBSI and Pershing, and the 
services rendered thereunder, are not intended to create a joint venture, partnership or other form of business 
organization of any kind. Pershing shall not be responsible or liable to Client for any acts or omissions of DBSI or its 
employees. Pershing does not provide investment advice, nor offer any opinion on the suitability of any transaction 
or order. DBSI is not acting as the agent of Pershing. Client cannot hold Pershing, its affiliates and its officers, 
directors and agents liable for any trading losses that Client incurs. 
13. Liens. Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other 
Property in the possession or control of DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest (held 
individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and Other Property are referred to herein as 
"Collateral") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its Affiliates or 
Pershing (collectively, all such obligations are referred to herein as the "Obligations"). Clients who are joint 
accountholders (Joint Accountholders) acknowledge and agree that pursuant to the lien to DBSI and Affiliates, the 
Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint 
Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates or Pershing (whether individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any 
and all Obligations of each Joint Accountholder to DBSI and its Affiliates or Pershing. With respect to the lien 
granted to DBSI and its Affiliates, DBSI (or Pershing, at 0851's instruction) may, at any time and without prior notice, 
sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all such Collateral in order to 
satisfy any Obligations. In enforcing this lien, DBSI shall have the discretion to determine what and how much 
Collateral to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed 
to grant an interest in any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c)(1) 
(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 406(a)(i)(B) of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement account(s) maintained by 
DBSI, which may include IRAs or qualified plans, are not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property 
may only be used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to Client's retirement account(s). 
13•AWM-0198 
012146.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104280 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250464 
EFTA01449040

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449041.pdf
----------------------------------------
c. In the event of the death of any owner, the survivors) shall immediately give DBSI written notice thereof. 0851 
may, before or after receiving such notice, take such action, require such documents, retain such securities and/ 
or restrict transactions in the Account as necessary for its protection against any tax, liability, penalty or loss 
under any present or future laws or otherwise. Any cost resulting from the death of any owner, or through the 
exercise by any decedent's estate, survivors (including other Account owners) or representatives of any rights in 
the Account shall be chargeable against the interest of the survivor(s) as well as against the interest of the estate 
of the decedent. The estate of the decedent and each survivor (including other Account owners) shall continue 
to be jointly and severally liable to DBSI for any obligation of the joint account or net debit balance or loss in said 
account until such time as DBSI distributes the assets in accordance with Clients' instructions. 
22. Non-disclosure of Confidential and Material, Non-public Information. During the course of business, employees of 
DBSI may come into possession of confidential and material non-public information. Under Applicable Law, such 
employees are prohibited from improperly disclosing or using such information for their personal benefit or for the 
benefit of any other person, regardless of whether such other person is a Client of 0851. Client understands that 
under Applicable Law, DBSI employees are prohibited from communicating such information to Client and that 
DBSI shall have no responsibility or liability to Client for failing to disclose such information. 
23. Third Party Authorization; No Agency. Client agrees that if Client authorizes third party(ies) (including, without 
limitation, any investment advisor or money manager) to act on Client's Account, such third party(ies) shall be 
bound by the Terms and Conditions of this Account Agreement. Client further agrees that unless otherwise agreed 
to in writing by DBSI, third party(ies) authorized by Client to act for Client, whether or not referred to Client by DBSI, 
is/are not, and shall not be deemed agents of 013S1 and DBSI shall have no responsibility or liability to Client for any 
acts or omissions of such third party, or any officers, employees or agents thereof. 
24. No Legal, Tax or Accounting Advice. Client acknowledges and agrees that: (a) neither DBSI, nor Pershing, provide 
any legal, tax or accounting advice, (b) neither DBSI nor Pershing employees are authorized to give any such advice 
and (c) Client will not solicit such advice or rely upon such advice given in error, whether or not in connection with 
transactions in or for any of Client's Account(s). In making legal, tax or accounting decisions with respect to 
transactions in or for Client's Account(s) or any other matter, Client will consult with and rely upon Client's own 
advisers, and not 0851. Client acknowledges that D851 shall have no liability therefore. 
25. Limitation of Liability. Client agrees that, unless otherwise provided in any other agreement between Client and 
DBSI or under Applicable Law, DBSI shall not be liable for any loss to Client except in the case of DBSI's gross 
negligence or willful misconduct. DBSI shall not be liable for loss caused directly or indirectly by government 
restrictions, exchange or market rulings, suspension of trading, war, strikes, act of foreign or domestic terrorism or 
other conditions beyond DBSI's control. DBSI shall not be liable for any damages caused by equipment failure, 
communications line failure, unauthorized access, theft, systems failure and other occurrences beyond DBSI's control. 
26. Customer Inquiries/Customer Complaints. For general inquiries, Client will contact the Client Advisor or Branch 
Supervisor assigned to Client's Account(s) for questions or assistance on any matter relating to these Account(s). 
Client must direct all formal complaints against DBSI or any of its employees to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., 
Compliance Department - Client Inquiries, 60 Wall Street, 23rd Floor, Mail Stop NYC60-2330, New York, NY 
10005-2836 or Client may call {212) 250.1085. 
27. Entire Understanding. This Account Agreement contains the entire understanding between Client and DBSI 
conceming the subject matter of this Account Agreement and there are no oral or other agreements in conflict 
herewith. The Terms and Conditions of this Account Agreement shall apply to each and every account and, 
collectively, any and all funds, money, Securities and Other Property that Client has with DBSI and supersedes any 
prior Account Agreement Client may have signed with DBSI. Client acknowledges that Client may be required to 
enter into separate agreements with respect to products or services offered by or through 08SI or its affiliates. 
28. Right to Terminate or Amend. Client agrees that DBSI has the right to terminate this Account Agreement and close 
any related accounts or amend the Terms and Conditions of this Account Agreement at any time and for any reason 
by sending written notice of such termination or amendment to Client. Any such termination or amendment shall be 
effective as of the date that DBSI establishes. Client cannot waive, alter, modify or amend this Account Agreement 
unless agreed in writing and signed by DBSI. No failure or delay on the part of DBSI to exercise any right or power 
hereunder or to insist at any time upon strict compliance with any term contained in this Account Agreement, shall 
operate as a waiver of that right or power or term. 
29. Controlling Law. This Account Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in the State of New York and shall 
be construed, and the rights of the parties determined, in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and 
the United States, as amended, without giving effect to the choice of law or conflict-of-laws provisions thereof. 
30. Headings. Paragraph headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any 
provision of this Account Agreement. 
31. Assignment, Separability, Survivability. This Account Agreement shall be binding upon Client's heirs, executors, 
administrators, personal representatives and permitted assigns. It shall inure to the benefit of DBSI's successors and 
assigns, or any successor clearing broker, to whom DBSI may transfer Client's Account(s). OBS1 may, without notice 
to Client, assign the rights and duties under this Account Agreement to any of its Affiliates, or to any other non-
affiliate entity upon written notice to Client. If any provision or condition of this Account Agreement shall be held to 
be invalid or unenforceable by any court, administrative agency or regulatory or self-regulatory agency or body, 
such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision or condition. The validity of the remaining 
provisions and conditions shall not be affected thereby and this Account Agreement shall be carried out as if any 
such invalid or unenforceable provision or condition were not contained herein. 
32. The provisions of this Account Agreement goveming arbitration (Section III). controlling law (Section 11.29) and 
limitation of liability {Section 11.25) will survive the termination of this Account Agreement. 
13-AWM.0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104282 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250488 
EFTA01449041

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449042.pdf
----------------------------------------
III. ARBITRATION 
1. 
This section of the Account Agreement contains the pre-dispute arbitration agreement between Client and DBSI and 
Pershing, as applicable, who agree as follows: 
a. All parties to this Account Agreement (being Client, DBSI and Pershing) are giving up the right to sue each other 
in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which a 
claim is filed, or as prohibited by Applicable Law; 
b. Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an 
arbitration award is very limited; 
c. The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited 
in arbitration than in court proceedings; 
d. The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for 
an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled 
hearing date; 
e. The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the 
securities industry; 
f. The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a 
claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court; and 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated 
into this Account Agreement. 
2. 
Subject to the preceding disclosure, Client agrees to arbitrate any controversies or disputes that may arise with 
DBSI or Pershing, whether based on events occurring prior to, on or subsequent to the date of this Account 
Agreement, and including any controversy arising out of or relating to any Account with DBSI, the construction, 
performance or breach of any agreement, or any duty arising from any agreement or other relationship with DBSI, to 
transactions with or through DBSI, or any controversy as to whether any issue is arbitrable. Any arbitration under 
this Account Agreement shall be determined only before an arbitration panel set up by FINRA in accordance with its 
arbitration procedures or an exchange of which DBSI is a member in accordance with the rules of that particular 
regulatory agency then in effect. Client may elect in the first instance whether arbitration shall be by FINRA or a 
specific national securities exchange of which DBSI is a member, but failure to make such election by registered 
letter to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Compliance Department - Attention: Director of Compliance, 60 Wall Street, 
23rd Floor, Mail Stop NYC60-2330, New York, NY 10005.2836 within five days after receipt of a written request 
from DBSI for such election, gives DBSI the right to elect the arbitration forum that will have jurisdiction over the 
dispute. Judgment upon arbitration awards may be entered in any court, state or federal, having jurisdiction. Any 
arbitration under this Account Agreement will be conducted pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act and the laws of 
the State of New York. 
3. 
Neither DBSI, Pershing nor Client(s) waive any right to seek equitable relief pending arbitration. No person shall 
bring a putative or certified class action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any pm-dispute arbitration agreement 
against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action or who is a member of a putative class who has 
not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until: (a) the class 
certification is denied, or (b) the class is decertified, or (c) the Client is excluded from the class by the court. Such 
forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement 
except to the extent stated herein. 
B. 
(THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
13-AWM-0198 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104283 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250487 
EFTA01449042

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449043.pdf
----------------------------------------
10. Notices. Notices and other communications may also be provided to Client verbally. Such notices and other 
communications left for Client on Client's answering machine, voice mail, electronic mail or otherwise, are 
considered to have been delivered to Client whether actually received or not. Transactions entered into Client's 
Account shall be confirmed by DBSI in writing where required by law or regulation. DBSI will not send separate 
confirmations for the following transactions: (a) dividends or distributions credited or reinvested, or transactions 
effected pursuant to a Dividend Reinvestment Plan, (b) shares of money market funds that are purchased or 
redeemed, or are part of the Cash Sweep Options, or (c) transactions effected pursuant to a periodic plan or an 
investment company plan. Client's periodic account statements will reflect these transactions. Notices concerning all 
matters related to Account(s) usually will go through DBSI although Pershing may send notices) directly to Client 
with a duplicate to DBSI should market conditions, time constraints or other circumstances so require. 
11. Possible Conflicts of Interest. Services and recommendations that DBSI provides to Client may differ from the 
services and recommendations provided to other Clients or by other individuals or groups at DBSI and/or affiliates of 
Deutsche Bank AG, whether acting as principal or agent. DBSI provides investment advice, portfolio management 
and execution services for many Clients and, in addition, acts as principal in various markets. Given these different 
roles, individuals and groups at DBSI and affiliates of Deutsche Bank AG are seldom of one view as to an investment 
strategy and may pursue differing or conflicting strategies. Employees of DBSI shall have no obligation to 
recommend to Client, or inform Client of, strategies being pursued by DBSI or other Clients. Further, (a) DBSI and its 
affiliates may provide services for a fee to or solicit business from companies whose securities are recommended by 
DBSI, (b) DBSI and its affiliates may be paid fees by investment companies registered under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 or other investment vehicles, including without limitation, fees for acting as investment 
advisor, administrator, custodian and transfer agent, and (c) DBSI and its affiliates act as brokers, principals and/or 
market makers in certain markets and may do so in transactions with Client. DBSI may recommend securities or 
strategies that are issued, underwritten, implemented or advised by DBSI or one or more of its affiliates. DBSI may 
receive compensation, in addition to the compensation Client pays DBSI, in the form of Rule 12b-1 fees, distribution 
fees, finder's fees, fees based upon fund management fees and cash or non-cash payments that are paid by mutual 
funds lout of fund assets in the case of Rule 12b-1 fees) or by the managers and other service providers to the funds 
(not out of fund assets). DBSI also participates in a program offered by Pershing, under which DBSI shares in 
revenue received by Pershing from mutual funds offered on the Pershing platform. All of these payments may vary 
based on sales volume or assets under management and may give DBSI a financial incentive to recommend certain 
funds or strategies and to include those funds in models and programs. In addition, DBSI may receive trail 
compensation in connection with sales of auction rate securities. 
12. Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). DBSI provides SIPC coverage through Pershing and/or as a 
member of SIPC. For additional information on this coverage see www.SlPC.org or call the SIPC public information 
number (201) 371.8300. Client will refer to the Annual Disclosure Statement, at http://www.pwm.db.com/americas/ 
en/annualdisclosurestatement.html for additional information regarding SIPC and excess of SIPC coverage. 
13. Tax-Exempt Entities. Charitable remainder trusts, foundations, pension plans and other tax-exempt entities may be 
deemed to receive unrelated business taxable income (UBTI) as a result of investing in certain securities, borrowing 
monies under a margin loan, investing in a partnership or limited liability company that generates UBTI or other 
leverage or loan arrangements. Tax-exempt entities should consult with their tax adviser before making an 
investment or entering into such arrangement. If Client's periodic Account Statement indicates that any Securities 
were forwarded to Client and Client has not received them, Client should notify DBSI immediately. If notification is 
received within 120 days after the mailing date, as reflected on Client's Account Statement, replacement will be 
made free of charge. Thereafter, a fee for replacement may apply. 
DEFINITIONS 
The following are definitions of certain terms that are used within this Account Agreement. As required, the singular shall 
be plural and the plural shall be singular. 
1. 
"Account Agreement" means the written agreement entered into between Client(s) and DBSI regarding Client's)' 
Account(s). The Account Agreement includes the Terms and Conditions, Arbitration, Tax Election/Declaration of Tax 
Status, and the Appendix to the Account Agreement, as well as any other applicable disclosure documents related to 
Client's Account(s), together with any amendments or supplements to such documents. There may be disclosures, 
agreements and terms applicable to a particular feature, program, account or service provided as a result of a Client 
election, modification of or addition to the Account Agreement, change in service or otherwise. DBSI will provide to 
Client such disclosures, agreements and terms, which shall be incorporated into this Account Agreement by 
reference. From time to time, DBSI may require that Client sign other agreements or documents for certain services 
or instructions and such additional agreements and documents shall become part of this Account Agreement. 
2. 
"Affiliate(s)" means any entity that is controlled by, controls or is under common control with DBSI. DBSI is a 
subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. Each affiliate is a separate legal entity. 
3. 
"Applicable Law* means the constitution, rules, regulations, customs and usages of the exchange or market, and its 
clearing house, if any, where a transaction is executed and applicable federal and state laws and regulations, 
including but not limited to securities laws and regulations (including the rules and regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board or foreign securities regulator, as applicable), and the rules 
and regulations of FINRA, or any other self-regulatory agencies or organizations having governing authority to a 
transaction in an Account in effect from time to time. 'Applicable Law" shall also include the rules of any national 
securities association, registered securities exchange or of the Options Clearing Corporation or other clearing 
organization applicable to the trading of option contracts. 
13-AWM-0196 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104287 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250471 
EFTA01449043

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449044.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARGIN ADDENDUM TO ACCOUNT AGREEMENT 
READ AND SIGN BELOW TO OPEN A MARGIN ACCOUNT. 
Supplemental Terms and Conditions that Apply to Client Margin Account 
Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein or in the Margin Disclosures shall have the meaning specified in the 
Account Agreement and/or its Appendix annexed thereto. 
By signing this Agreement Client agrees to be bound by the Terms and Conditions in this Margin Addendum as well as 
those terms and conditions contained in the Account Agreement all of which are incorporated herein by reference. 
1. Mechanics and Risks of Margin. Client represents that Client understands the mechanics and risks of using margin 
as explained in the attached Margin Disclosure which is incorporated herein by reference. 
2. Financing. Client understands that the margin transactions in the Account may be financed by Pershing or DBSI. 
3. Interest and Costs. Client agrees to pay interest on all sums borrowed and other balances due and costs incurred by 
Deutsche Bank in maintaining the Margin Account on Client's behalf. DBSI will deduct all interest charges from 
Client's Account. Interest charges will be reflected on Client's account statement. For additional information on 
interest charges, please refer to the Annual Disclosure Statement at http://www.pwm.db.com/americaslen/ 
annualdisclosurestatement.html. To obtain the current schedule of rates visit: http://pwm.db.com/pwm/en/ 
alexbrown_legal_overview.html and click on "DBAB Call Rate" or contact the Client Advisor. 
4. Client's Margin Loan Is a Demand Loan. As such, DBSI or Pershing has the right to demand at any time the 
immediate payment of all or any portion of a margin balance. 
5. Liens. Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other 
Property in the possession or control of DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest (held 
individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and Other Properly are referred to herein as "DB 
Collateral") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its Affiliates or 
Pershing (collectively, all such obligations are referred to herein as the 'DB Obligations"). Client further grants to 
Pershing a security interest in and lien (the "Pershing Lien") upon all Securities and Other Property held in Client's 
Margin Account(s) and any associated cash account(s) (*Margin Collateral") to secure the indebtedness or any other 
obligation of Client to Pershing in this Margin Account (the "Margin Obligations"). Clients who are joint account 
holders (Joint Accountholders) acknowledge and agree that DB Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property 
held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates (whether 
individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any and all DB Obligations of each Joint Accountholder to DBSI 
and its Affiliates. With respect to the lien granted to DBSI and its Affiliates, DBSI (or Pershing, at DBSI's instruction) 
may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal 
with any or all such DB Collateral in order to satisfy any DB Obligations. In enforcing this lien, DBSI shall have the 
discretion to determine which Securities and Other Property to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. With respect 
to the Pershing Lien, Pershing may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or 
otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all Margin Collateral in order to satisfy any Margin Obligations. In enforcing 
this Pershing lien, Pershing shall have the discretion to determine what and how much Margin Collateral to apply for 
the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to grant an interest in 
any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c)(1)(8) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 406(a)(i)(B) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement account(s) maintained by DBSI, which 
may include IRAs or qualified plans, are not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property may only be 
used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to Client's retirement account(s)• 
6. Consent to Loan or Pledge of Securities and Other Property. Within the limitations imposed by Applicable Law, all 
Securities and Other Property now or hereafter held, carried or maintained by or in the possession of DBSI that have 
not been fully paid for, or are held in a margin account as collateral for a margin loan, may be lent to DBSI, to 
Pershing or to others, and may be pledged, repledged, hypothecated or rehypothecated by DBSI and/or Pershing 
without notice to Client, either separately or in common with other securities, commodities and other property of 
DBSI's or Pershing's other clients for any amount due in any account with DBSI in which Client has an interest, or 
for any greater amount, and DBSI and/or Pershing may do so without retaining in its possession or control for 
delivery a like amount of similar Securities and Other Property. Client understands that while securities held for 
Client's Account(s) are loaned out, Client will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. Margin securities in 
Client's account may be used for, among other things, settling short sales and lending the securities for short sales. 
As a result, Pershing and/or DBSI may receive compensation in connection with these transactions. Neither 
Pershing, nor DBSI, will lend or pledge fully paid for securities without Client's written permission. 
7. Margin Maintenance, Calls for Additional Collateral, Liquidations and Covering Short Positions. In order to engage 
in margin transactions, Client will be required to maintain such Securities and Other Property in Client's Margin 
Account(s) for margin purposes as shall be required under Applicable Law or otherwise by DBSI or Pershing for any 
reason. Client may be required to post, deposit or maintain additional collateral at any time. In addition to the rights 
otherwise set forth in this Agreement, DBSI and Pershing also shall have the right to liquidate any Securities and 
Other Property held in the Margin Account whenever DBSI or Pershing deems it necessary for its protection. 
Circumstances that may result in collateral calls or liquidations include, but are not limited to, the failure to promptly 
meet any call for additional collateral, the filing of a petition in bankruptcy, the appointment of a receiver by or 
against Client, or the attachment or levy against any account with DBSI in which Client has an interest. 
1340.NM-0196 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104290 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250474 
EFTA01449044

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449045.pdf
----------------------------------------
BY SIGNING BELOW, CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT CLIENT HAS RECEIVED, READ AND AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THIS MARGIN 
AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE MARGIN DISCLOSURE. 
This Agreement is subject to the Pre-Dispute Arbitration Clause in Section III, page 5, of the Account Agreement. 
Account Number 
Individual or joint account (IF THIS IS A JOINT ACCOUNT. ALL ACCOUNT OWNERS MUST SIGN): 
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
_ 
SSWEIN 
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
 SSN/EIN  
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Corporation, partnership, trust or other entity: 
CONRIIMABan 
If this is an agreement for a trust. other fiduciary account or other non-natural person's) account, the authorized person hereby certifies and represents that 
the use of a margin account and specifically the borrowing, lending and pledging of Securities and Other Property as described herein and in the Margin 
Section is in accordance with and authorized by the provisions of the trust or other instrument and Applicable Law governing the trust or other entity. 
The Haze Trust 
i1 74 CA A 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
Date 
Print Name/Title  
FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
Branch Manager approval for margin accounts: Signature 
 Date 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
13-AWM-0198 
012145532813 
DB-SDNY-0 104292 
SDNY_GM_00250476 
EFTA01449045

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449046.pdf
----------------------------------------
Optional Form: 
Consent to Electronic Delivery of Materials and Communications 
Please read, complete, sign, date, and return the next page if you wish to permit Deutsche Bank to send you 
Materials and Communications listed on the form by electronic means in lieu of hard copy. This is an optional 
form. You may revoke your consent to electronic delivery at any time without charge by sending a written 
request to your account representative. 
13-AWM-0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104293 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250477 
EFTA01449046

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449047.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Consent to Electronic Delivery of Materials and Communications 
Re: 'insert account number(s1) 
In an effort to continue to provide you with timely information on Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management's brokerage, 
investment advisory, trust, banking and other product and service offerings, when possible, we would like to send offering 
documents, prospectuses. term sheets, free writing prospectuses, Forms ADV Part 2 and other communications (collectively 
the "Materials") to you electronically, including by email, facsimile, website, CD-ROM or other electronic means. This 
permission for Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management to deliver Materials to you electronically is being granted to Deutsche 
Bank AG and its affiliates and subsidiaries that conduct business through Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management, including 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, Deutsche 
Bank Trust Company, N.A. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware, among others. 
Please note that certain offerings (pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and, in the case of bearer debt 
obligations, in compliance with the U.S. Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982) are only available for purchase 
outside the United States. Any documents for such offerings must be read by you outside the United States and any 
purchases by you of securities pursuant to such offerings must be made outside the United States. For this purpose, the 
"United States" includes any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the territories and possessions of the 
United States. Any such offering shall be so identified in its corresponding email or facsimile cover letter. If you have 
requested Hold Mail Service, by signing below, you hereby specifically authorize us to send any Materials to you by the 
electronic means described above. 
To view and print certain Materials online, you will need Adobe Reader. If necessary, you can download the software at 
www.adobe.com. 
Client: By signing below. (a) I represent that I am authorized to sign on behalf of the accounts) covered by this consent form, 
(b) I hereby consent to receipt of Materials via the electronic means described above, (c) I represent that the email address 
provided above is an email address that an accountholder will access, and is not an email address of someone other than an 
accountholder, (d) I agree to notify Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management promptly of any change to my email address or 
facsimile number, and (e) I agree to hold Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management harmless to the extent I do not receive 
Materials through my failure to notify Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management of any change to my email address or 
facsimile number. I understand that I may revoke my consent at any time without charge by sending a written request to my 
account representative. By signing below as Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common, the parties agree that delivery by 
electronic means to the email address herein constitutes delivery to each party. 
This consent applies to all accounts that I hold with Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management. 
The Haze Trust 
Signature:  
Name of Authorized Signatory: 
Date:  
Title:  
FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
By signing here, the Office Supervisor certifies that the above listed client signatory has proper authority to grant this consent: 
Ill lIllIllIllIll 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
13-AWM-0213 ED 
006421.032713 
DB-SDNY-0 104294 
SDNY_GM_00250478 
EFTA01449047

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449048.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449048.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
DBTCA Deposit Account Opening Application 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Personal Accounts 
K 
Checking Acct. # 
K 
Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
K 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
(DBTCA deposit account required, 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
Private Wealth Premiums" 
Internet Banking Services 
K 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus 
K 
Link to Existing Online Relationship 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Business Accounts 
K 
Checking Met. # 
K Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
K Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
IDBTCA deposit account required. 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
K 
Cash Master Sweep Account 
Checking Acct. # 
(User/Co. ID Number) 
Client Relationship 
K Individual Account 
K Joint Tenants with Right 
of Survivorship 
K Joint Tenants in Common 
K In Trust For/Payable on 
Death/As Trustee for 
K Trust 
K Estate 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Banking Services 
K 
Consumer Debit Card # 
K 
Joint Applicant Debit Card # 
K Business Debit Card # 
K 
Deluxe Checkbook Style # 
K 
Name Only 
K 
Name and Address 
K Duplicate Statement 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
K 
Mailing address (if different) 
Name 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Target Amount 
Trigger Amount 
K Custody under NY UTMA 
K Foundation 
K Non-Profit Organization 
K Attorney Trust Escrow 
K Landlord Master Escrow 
K Corporation 
K Limited Liability Company 
K Partnership 
K Limited Liability Partnership 
13-AWM -0101 
NAOSOD00014541-000102935 
013959.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250479 
DB-SDNY-0104295 
EFTA01449048

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449049.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Title and Joint Application Information 
The Haze Trust 
Name of Account Title 
(last name, first name, middle initial) or Business 
13.7186414 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
6100 Red Hook quarter El3  
Address 
Address 
Joint Applicant 
(last name. first name, middle initial) 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
St Thomas 
City. State and Zip Code 
212-760-9895 
Home Telephone Number 
340 776 2626 
Business Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
09/Feb/1999  
Date of Birth 
Date of Birth 
U.S. Virg:dialslat00002 
City, State and Zip Code 
Home Telephone Number 
Name of Employer 
Address 
City, State and Zip Code 
Not applicable 
Name of Employer 
Address 
City, State and Zip Code 
Notice of Customer Identification Policy 
Important Information 
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who establishes en account, investment or 
other business relationship with a financial institution. This means that we will ask for your name, address, and other 
information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see identifying documents such as a certificate of 
formation or good standing (legal entities) or a passport or other photo identification (individuals). 
3rd EU Notice 
Governmental rules have also broadened the scope of the Bank's obligations to aid in the fight against money laundering 
and terrorist financing; these rules call for an active involvement of both asset management firms and their clients. For 
new and existing clients we currently have a legal obligation to ask our customers questions regarding their identities, 
addresses, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, beneficial owners or control 
structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, enhanced anti-money laundering 
requirements require that should any of the above personal or institutional information change, our clients would be 
obliged to immediately notify us of the change(s) and provide us with relevant documentation to verify these changes. 
Telephone, Facsimile or Email Instructions 
By signing below, you agree that from time to time you may give instructions by telephone, facsimile or email regarding 
the above captioned account(s) (defined herein as "Verbal Instructions"). It is understood that the risk of Verbal 
Instructions being given by person or persons purported to be you is your own. Absent the gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of 0eusche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA), you agree to indemnify and hold harmless DBTCA for 
any claims, losses, expenses, costs or attorneys' fees resulting from DBTCA's acting upon such misunderstood and 
unauthorized Verbal Instructions. You understand that DBTCA may, but shall not be required to, seek verification of your 
verbal, facsimile or email instructions by call back. In case of doubt, DBTCA may in its sole discretion refuse to execute 
your Verbal Instructions or any part thereof, without incurring any liability. DBTCA is under no obligation to execute your 
Verbal Instructions to transfer funds or securities to any account(s) without written instructions bearing your original 
signature. 
Joint Account Disclosure 
You have opened a joint account with DBTCA and acknowledge receipt of the following information: This deposit and any 
additions to the account shall become the property of each owner as joint tenants, and DBTCA may release the entire 
account to any owner during the lifetime of all owners. DBTCA may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from 
any owner during the lifetime of all owners. The Bank may be required by service of legal process to remit funds held in 
the joint account to satisfy a judgment entered against, or other valid debt incurred by, any owner of the account. DBTCA 
may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s) and may treat the 
account as the sole property of the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s). Unless DBTCA receives written notice 
signed by any owner not to pay or deliver any joint deposit or addition or accrual. DBTCA shall not be liable to any owner 
for continuing to honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from any owner. After the receipt of the notice referred to 
in the previous sentence, DBTCA may require the written authorization of any or all joint owners for any further payments 
or deliveries. 
13-AVVM-0101 
013959.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104296 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250480 
EFTA01449049

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449050.pdf
----------------------------------------
Barcode_Num 
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus Account Opening Application 
Ar 
Client Information 
The Haze Trust 
ClienVCompany Name 
Online Contact Name 
The Haze Trust 
Title 
Address 
St, Thomas 
City 
Phone Number 
U.S. Virgin Islands 
00802 
State 
Zip Code 
Email address 
Accounts and Services (please check services for each account) 
Balance & 
Account 
Activitiy 
Book 
Number 
Reporting 
Transfer 
K 
Bill Pay 
K 
ACH 
K 
Wire 
Positive Pay 
Transfer 
(Fees Apply) 
K 
Account 
Reconciliation 
(Fess Apply) 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
ACH Daily Limit $ 
Wire Transfer Daily Limit $ 
The ACM Daily Unit is the daily aggregate dollar amount of ACM transactions (payments and 
collections) you may send through Private Wealth Online Plus. The Wire Transfer Daily Limit is the 
daily aggregate dollar amount of wire transfers you may transmit through Private Wealth Online Plus. 
Note: By signing below, you acknowledge and agree that Deutsche Bank wIll make reasonable efforts to adhere to the ACH Daily Limit and Wire Transfer 
Daily Limit set forth herein. but shall have no obligation to do so. Further. you acknowledge and agree that, in accordance with the terms of the Internet 
Banking Services Agreement. Deutsche Bank may place land adjust) daily dollar limits on the amount that may be transferred at any time, and from time to 
time, for any reason or for no reason. 
Wire Transfer Security Code (Optional) Alpha Numeric Security Code 6-25 characters 
Security Code 
If I have selected to receive Internet Banking Services, I understand that I will 
be required to enter a separate Internet Banking Services Agreement with 
Deutsche Bank before I can access the Internet Banking Service. 
Account Holder's Signature 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Print Name 
Date 
Note: Access to DB Insight is the recommended portal to DB Private Wealth Online 
For Office Use Only: 
Primary Officer: 
Secondary Officer: 
Prepared by: 
Date: 
Approved by 
Wealth Advisor. 
Date: 
NAOSOD00014541-000102935 
13-AWM.0135 009614.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104299 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250483 
EFTA01449050

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449051.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
The Naze Trust 
Account Holder Title 
Account Number 
K Individual 
K 
fTF/PODIATF•  K 
Corporate 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K 
Pennershlp 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Corporation 
Required: 
K 
Other: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
For ITFIPOD/ATF See Supplomen al arms and Conditions 
1111111 
liDliii~Ill~iTff1~F~IF 
Date of Power of Attorney 
19AWM-0059 
NAOS01300014641-000102936 
005678 092913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104300 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00250484 
EFTA01449051

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449052.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
The Naze Trust 
Account Holder Title 
Account Number 
K Individual 
K 
fTF/PODIATF•  K 
Corporate 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K 
Pennershlp 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Corporation 
Required: 
K 
Other: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
For ITFIPOD/ATF See Supplomen al arms and Conditions 
1111111 
liDliii~Ill~iTff1~F~IF 
Date of Power of Attorney 
19AWM-0059 
NAOS01300014641-000102936 
005678 092913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104301 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00250485 
EFTA01449052

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449053.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449053.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Private Wealth Management 
Trust Authorization 
Account Managed by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. or Affiliate 
sissmums The Haze Trust 
Account Number: 
In consideration of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred to herein as "DBSI") maintaining an account and providing brokerage 
services for the above-named Trust ("Trust"), the undersigned hereby represent and warrant that: 
1. The undersigned are all of the Trustees of the above-named Trust created by a trust instrument dated 
and duly executed pursuant to the laws of the state of 
(the "Trust Instrument"). 
Under the terms of the Trust Instrument, ANY ONE of the undersigned Trustees is authorized and empowered on behalf of 
the Trust: 
(DELETE ANY INAPPLICABLE TRUST POWERS) 
la) To open, maintain and close a brokerage account and to employ brokers, custodians and other agents; 
(b) To sell or exchange any of the Trust assets; 
(c) To invest and reinvest Trust assets in real or personal property, including but not limited to: (i) foreign and 
domestic corporate obligations and securities of every kind, investment trusts, government obligations and 
commodities and currencies; and (ii) any derivative instruments of any kind (including, without limitation, options, 
forwards, and swaps), pertaining to, or providing investment exposure with respect to, any of the foregoing, 
whether relating to a specific security, debt instrument, commodity or currency, or relating to a basket or index 
comprised of, or based on changes in the level of prices, rates or values of, any group or combination thereof; 
Id) To hold securities or other property owned by the Trust in the Trustee's own name or in the name of Trustee's 
nominee or custodian; 
(e) To exercise all the rights of an absolute owner over securities in the Trust account, including but not limited to, the 
power to vote stock, to sell or exercise stock subscription or conversion rights and to transfer title to said 
securities; 
(f) To borrow money or to make any contract the effect of which is to borrow money and to secure such obligations 
by mortgages or other liens upon any Trust property; 
(g) To appoint a third party (including but not limited to a/any DBSI employee(s)) to exercise discretion in connection 
with the purchase and/or sale of securities on behalf of the Trust; and 
(h) To exercise all duties, rights and powers, to execute all documents and to take all actions necessary or appropriate to 
perform the powers enumerated above. 
LISTED BELOW ME ANY AND ALL RESTRICTIONS UPON THE ABILITY OF ANY TRUSTEE TO PERFORM THE POWERS 
ii tilr•r 
'" 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.. a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG, conducts investment banking and securities activities in the U nod States 
1111 T
111RUSHTHIN 
09;PWM 0661 COM 2 05/ 1 TAST 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
006432.051811 
DB-SDNY-0 104302 
SDNY_GM_00250486 
EFTA01449053

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449054.pdf
----------------------------------------
4. The undersigned will provide DBSI with any requested documents relating to the Trust. 
5. The undersigned will comply with all restrictions upon their powers as Trustees as stated in the Trust Instrument, including 
obtaining all required consents or authorizations. 
6. The undersigned will notify DBSI promptly in writing of any events or amendments to the Trust Instrument which alter or in 
any way affect the accuracy or truth of the representations set forth in this Authorization. DBSI may rely upon this 
Authorization as continuing in full effect unless and until it receives written notice from the undersigned of any changes. 
The undersigned jointly and severally agree to indemnify and hold harmless DBSI, its employees and agents, from and against 
any and all liabilities, judgments, claims, settlements, losses, damages, obligations and expenses, including reasonable fees of 
counsel, arising from or related to any representations in this agreement or any acts or omissions concerning the Trust by any of 
the Trustees. 
Very truly yours. 
EOM 
Signature:  
Signature: 
Print Name: 
Print Name: 
Address: 
Address: 
Date: 
Date: 
09.PWM-0681 COM 2105/111 TRST 
006432.051811 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104303 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250487 
EFTA01449054

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449055.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Account Agreement 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
Address 
St. Thomas 
U.S.V.I 
00802 
trar 
Account Title (Complete if different from the Client above) 
Account Number(s) 
IMPORTANT: PLEASE SIGN AND RETURN THIS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT 
This is the account agreement (Account Agreement) between Client and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred to herein 
as "DBSI"). It includes the terms and conditions and is the contract that controls each brokerage account in which Client 
has an interest (each an "Account"). Client agrees to read this Account Agreement and the Appendix to this Account 
Agreement: Disclosures and Definitions ("Appendix") carefully. If Client is not willing to be bound by these terms and 
conditions, Client should not sign this Account Agreement. Client's signature confirms that Client has read and agrees to 
the terms of this Account Agreement and the Appendix annexed hereto. 
I. CLIENT REPRESENTATIONS 
Client certifies that all of the information provided by Client in this Account Agreement is accurate and complete and 
that each of the following statements is accurate as to Client and Client's Account: 
a. Where Client is a natural person, Client is of legal age; 
b. For all accounts: (a) no one except the person(s) named on the Account(s), or, if signed in a representative 
capacity, then no one except the beneficial owner(s), has any interest in the Account(s), (b) Client is and will 
remain compliant with all Applicable Laws, (c) Client is financially capable of satisfying any obligations 
undertaken through Client's Account(s), (d) Client acknowledges that the purchase and sale of securities entails 
substantial economic risk, and represents knowingly and willingly that Client can assume such risk and (e) Client 
has read and understands the terms set forth in this Account Agreement and those agreements or supplements 
incorporated by reference and understands that Client is bound by such terms; 
c. Client agrees to notify us in writing if: (a) Client is or becomes an employee, member or immediate family 
member of any securities exchange (or corporation of which any exchange owns a majority of the capital stock). 
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) or of any broker-dealer, (b) Client is or becomes a senior 
officer or immediate family member of such a person of any bank, savings and loan institution, insurance 
company, investment company, investment advisory firm or institution that purchases securities, or other 
employer whose consent is required to open and maintain this Account by regulation or otherwise, unless such 
consent has been provided to DEM. 
Client will promptly notify DBSI in writing if any of the above circumstances change. 
II. TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO CLIENTS ACCOUNT(S) 
The following terms and conditions govern Client's Account(s): 
1. Rights of DBSI. All rights granted to DBSI under this Account Agreement are granted with the understanding that it 
shall be within the sole discretion of DBSI whether, and in what manner, to exercise such rights. The failure of DBSI 
to exercise any right granted under this Account Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such right or any other 
right granted hereunder. DBSI retains the right to delegate to its agent, including its clearing agent, Pershing LLC 
(Pershing), one or more of DBSI's rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Client. 
2. Cash Account. OBS' will classify each Account as a cash brokerage account. DBSI must separately approve the 
opening of a margin account (Margin Account) and Client must separately sign the Margin Agreement. 
3. Order Execution. Orders for the purchase or sale of assets may be routed to or executed through any exchange, market 
or broker that DBS1 selects. 
4. Rules and Regulations. All transactions in Account(s) shall be conducted in accordance with and subject to 
Applicable Law. 
13-AWM-0198 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104304 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250488 
EFTA01449055

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449056.pdf
----------------------------------------
5. Purchase of Securities. DBSI requires that cash accounts contain sufficient funds to settle a transaction, but has the 
right to accept an order without sufficient funds with the understanding that Client will submit payment on or before 
settlement date for each security purchased. DBSI retains the right to cancel or liquidate any order accepted and/or 
executed without prior notice to Client, if DBSI does not receive payment by settlement date. Alternatively, upon 
Client's failure to pay for purchased and settled securities, DBSI has the right to sell Securities and Other Property 
held in any of Client's Account(s), and charge to Client any loss resulting therefrom. 
6. Sale of Securities. Client agrees that in a cash account: (a) Client will not sell any Security before it is paid for, (b) 
Client will own each security sold at the time of sale, (c) unless such security is already held in the Account, Client 
will promptly deliver such security thereto on or before settlement date, (d) Client will promptly make full cash 
payment of any amount which may become due in order to meet necessary requests for additional deposits and (e) 
with respect to any Securities and Other Property sold, Client will satisfy any mark to the market deficiencies. Client 
must affect all Short Sales in a margin account and designate these sales as -short." All other sales will be 
designated as "long" and will be deemed to be owned by Client. In the event that DBSI enters an order to sell 
Securities and Other Property that Client represents Client owns, but which are not held in the Account at the time of 
sale, and Client fails to make delivery by settlement date, DBSI has the right to purchase or borrow any Securities 
and Other Property necessary to make the required delivery. Client agrees to compensate DBSI for any loss or cost, 
including interest, commission or fees sustained as a result of the foregoing. DBSI charges interest on unpaid 
balances in cash accounts from the close of business on settlement date. See the Annual Disclosure Statement, at 
hup://www.pwm.db.com/americas/en/annualdisclosurestatement.html for additional information on interest charges. 
7. Restrictions on Trading. DBSI has the right to prohibit or restrict Client's ability to trade Securities and Other 
Property, or to substitute securities in Client's Account. 
8. Restricted Securities. Client will not buy, sell or pledge any Restricted Securities without DBSI's prior written 
approval. Prior to placing any order for Restricted Securities subject to Rule 144 or 145 of the Securities Act of 1933, 
Client must identify the status of the securities and furnish DBSI with the necessary documents (including opinions 
of legal counsel, if requested) to obtain approval to transfer and register these securities. DBSI will not be liable for 
any delays in the processing of these securities or for any losses caused by these delays. DBSI has the right to 
decline to accept an order for these securities until the transfer and registration of such securities has been approved. 
9. Order Placement and Cancellation/Modification Requests. When Client verbally places a trade with a Client 
Advisor, Client will be bound to the oral confirmation repeated back to Client, unless Client objects at the time of the 
order. Client understands that requests to cancel/modify an order that DBSI accepts are on a best efforts basis only. 
10. Aggregation of Orders and Average Prices. Client authorizes DBSI to aggregate orders for Client Account(s) with 
other orders. Client recognizes that in so doing, Client may receive an average price for orders that may differ from 
the price(s) Client may have received had the orders not been aggregated. Client understands that this practice may 
also result in orders being only partially completed. 
11. Transmission of Instructions. Client understands and accepts responsibility for the transmission of instructions to 
0BSI and will bear the risk of loss arising from the method of transmission used in the event of transmission errors, 
misunderstandings, impersonations, transmission by unauthorized persons, forgery or intercepts. Except in the case 
of gross negligence, Client agrees to release and indemnify DBSI, its affiliates, employees and directors from any 
and all liability arising from the execution of transactions based on such instructions. 
12. Role of Certain Third Parties. DBSI engages a third-party clearing agent, Pershing. Client understands that Pershing 
is the custodian of Client's assets, clears and settles all transactions, and extends credit on any margin purchases, 
where applicable. Client further understands that Pershing may accept from DBSI, without inquiry or investigation: (i) 
orders for the purchase or sale of Securities and Other Property on margin or otherwise, and (ii) any other 
instructions concerning Account(s). Client further understands that the contract between DBSI and Pershing, and the 
services rendered thereunder, are not intended to create a joint venture, partnership or other form of business 
organization of any kind. Pershing shall not be responsible or liable to Client for any acts or omissions of DBSI or its 
employees. Pershing does not provide investment advice, nor offer any opinion on the suitability of any transaction 
or order. DBSI is not acting as the agent of Pershing. Client cannot hold Pershing, its affiliates and its officers, 
directors and agents liable for any trading losses that Client incurs. 
13. Liens. Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other 
Property in the possession or control of DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest (held 
individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and Other Property are referred to herein as 
"Collateral") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its Affiliates or 
Pershing (collectively, all such obligations are referred to herein as the "Obligations"). Clients who are joint 
accountholders (Joint Accountholders) acknowledge and agree that pursuant to the lien to DBSI and Affiliates, the 
Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint 
Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates or Pershing (whether individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any 
and all Obligations of each Joint Accountholder to DBSI and its Affiliates or Pershing. With respect to the lien 
granted to DBSI and its Affiliates, DBSI (or Pershing, at 0851's instruction) may, at any time and without prior notice, 
sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all such Collateral in order to 
satisfy any Obligations. In enforcing this lien, DBSI shall have the discretion to determine what and how much 
Collateral to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed 
to grant an interest in any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c)(1) 
(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 406(a)(i)(B) of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement account(s) maintained by 
DBSI, which may include IRAs or qualified plans, are not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property 
may only be used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to Client's retirement account(s). 
13•AWM-0198 
012146.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104305 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250489 
EFTA01449056

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449057.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449057.pdf
----------------------------------------
14. Satisfaction of Indebtedness and Assignment of Rights. Client agrees to satisfy, upon demand, any indebtedness, 
including any interest and commission charges and to pay the reasonable costs and expenses of collection of any 
amount Client owes to DBSI, including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs. Client agrees that DBSI or 
Pershing may execute or assign to each other or any third party any rights or obligations Client granted under this 
Account Agreement, including but not limited to the right to collect any Obligations, or liquidate any Securities and 
Other Property held in Account(s). 
15. Fees. Client understands that DBSI charges an Annual Account Fee for certain accounts and may charge service 
fees, processing fees and/or other fees or commissions, for the transactions and other services provided, more fully 
described in the Annual Disclosure Statement, at http://www.pwm.db.com/americas/en/annualdisclosurestatement. 
html. Client understands that these fees will be charged to Account(s) and authorizes DBSI to deduct such fees from 
Client's Account(s). 
16. No FDIC Insurance, Not Obligations of Any Bank. Client understands that the assets in Client's Account are subject 
to the risk of partial or total loss due to market fluctuations or the insolvency of the issuer(s). The assets in Client's 
Account (including all related cash balances and shares of any Mutual Fund) are not deposits or other obligations of 
NISI, Deutsche Bank AG, Pershing or any other bank, are not guaranteed by DBSI, Deutsche Bank AG, 
Administrator, Bank or any other bank, and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). 
Monies held in the Insured Deposit Program (IDP) may be FDIC insured while those monies are held in a depository 
account at a participating bank as described in the IDP Terms and Conditions. Client may from time to time be 
offered investment products for which DBSI or Deutsche Bank AG is an obligor. These products may be complex, 
may not provide for the retum of the full amount of principal invested or for the payment of a fixed rate of interest 
(or any interest) and will not usually be covered by FDIC insurance, unless otherwise disclosed in the written offering 
documents for such products. 
17. Cash Sweep Selection. Client agrees to contact DBSI regarding the selection of Cash Sweep Options and 
understands that Client's choice of Cash Sweep Options may be limited to money market mutual funds or 
deposit products that are unaffiliated with DBSI if Client's Account is an individual retirement account or an ERISA 
account, or if DBSI is acting as Client's investment adviser. Client understands that any funds Client has on deposit 
with the banks participating in IDP will be allocated among such banks in a manner described in the IDP Terms 
and Conditions. 
18. Credit Information and Investigation. Client authorizes DBSI and Pershing to obtain reports concerning Client's 
credit standing and business conduct at their discretion without notifying Client. Client also authorizes DBSI to share 
among service providers (as set forth herein) and DBSI Affiliates such credit-related and business conduct 
information and any other confidential information 0851, Deutsche Bank AG and such Affiliate(s) may have about 
Client and Client's Account, in accordance with DBSI's Privacy Policy and Applicable Law. DBSI and Pershing will 
provide Client with a copy of each of their Privacy Policies shortly after execution by Client of this Agreement. Client 
may request a copy of Client's credit report, and upon request DBSI will identify the name and address of the 
consumer reporting agency that furnished it. 
19. Confirmations, Statements and Other Communications. Client agrees to notify DBSI in writing, within ten (10) days 
after transmittal to Client of a confirmation, of any objection Client has to any transaction in Client's Account(s). In 
the absence of such written notification, Client agrees that all transactions in Client's Account(s) will be final and 
binding. Client understands objections must be directed to the Branch Supervisor in writing, at the address on 
Client's account statement or confirm. For more information on how confirmations and account statements are 
delivered, please refer to the Appendix to this Account Agreement. 
20. Recording Conversations. Client consents to DBSI recording any or all telephone calls with Client. 
21. Joint Accounts. 
a. Unless Clients specify "tenants in common" or "community property," Clients authorize DBSI to designate a joint 
account as "joint tenants with right of survivorship,' or as "tenants by the entireties" if Clients are married and 
reside in a state that recognizes said designation for personal property. Clients agree that joint accounts will be 
carried by DBSI on Pershing's books in the form reflected by the Account name appearing on the account 
statement. In the event that the Account is a joint tenancy with right of survivorship or a tenancy by the 
entireties, the entire interest in the joint Account shall be vested in the survivor or survivors on the same terms 
and conditions as before the death. The survivors and the estate of the deceased Accountholder will indemnify 
0851 for any loss incurred through treatment of the Account as provided herein. 
b. Clients agree that each party to the joint account shall have authority to deal with OBS' as if each were the sole 
Account owner, all without notice to the other Account owner(s). Clients agree that notice to any Account owner 
shall be deemed to be notice to all account owners. Each Account owner shall be jointly and severally liable for 
this Account. DBSI may follow the instructions of any owner concerning this Account and make deliveries to any 
owner, of any or all property and payment, even if such deliveries and/or payments shall be made to one owner 
personally and not to all of the Account owners. DBSI shall be under no obligation to inquire into the purpose of 
any such demand for delivery of securities or payment and shall not be bound to see to the application or 
disposition of the securities and/or monies so delivered or paid to any Account owner. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, DBSI may require joint action by all account owners with respect to any matter concerning the 
account, including the giving or cancellation of orders and the withdrawal of monies, Securities and Other 
Property. In the event DBSI receives conflicting instructions from any owner, it may in its sole discretion: (a) 
follow any such instructions, (b) require written or verbal authorization of both, all or any owner before acting on 
the instructions from any one owner, (c) send the assets of the Account to the address of the account, or (d) file 
an interpleader action in an appropriate court to let the court decide the dispute. 
13.AVVW0196 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104306 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250490 
EFTA01449057

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449058.pdf
----------------------------------------
III. ARBITRATION 
1. 
This section of the Account Agreement contains the pre-dispute arbitration agreement between Client and DBSI and 
Pershing, as applicable, who agree as follows: 
a. All parties to this Account Agreement (being Client, DBSI and Pershing) are giving up the right to sue each other 
in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which a 
claim is filed, or as prohibited by Applicable Law; 
b. Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an 
arbitration award is very limited; 
c. The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited 
in arbitration than in court proceedings; 
d. The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for 
an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled 
hearing date; 
e. The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the 
securities industry; 
f. The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a 
claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court; and 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated 
into this Account Agreement. 
2. 
Subject to the preceding disclosure, Client agrees to arbitrate any controversies or disputes that may arise with 
DBSI or Pershing, whether based on events occurring prior to, on or subsequent to the date of this Account 
Agreement, and including any controversy arising out of or relating to any Account with DBSI, the construction, 
performance or breach of any agreement, or any duty arising from any agreement or other relationship with DBSI, to 
transactions with or through DBSI, or any controversy as to whether any issue is arbitrable. Any arbitration under 
this Account Agreement shall be determined only before an arbitration panel set up by FINRA in accordance with its 
arbitration procedures or an exchange of which DBSI is a member in accordance with the rules of that particular 
regulatory agency then in effect. Client may elect in the first instance whether arbitration shall be by FINRA or a 
specific national securities exchange of which DBSI is a member, but failure to make such election by registered 
letter to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Compliance Department - Attention: Director of Compliance, 60 Wall Street, 
23rd Floor, Mail Stop NYC60-2330, New York, NY 10005.2836 within five days after receipt of a written request 
from DBSI for such election, gives DBSI the right to elect the arbitration forum that will have jurisdiction over the 
dispute. Judgment upon arbitration awards may be entered in any court, state or federal, having jurisdiction. Any 
arbitration under this Account Agreement will be conducted pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act and the laws of 
the State of New York. 
3. 
Neither DBSI, Pershing nor Client(s) waive any right to seek equitable relief pending arbitration. No person shall 
bring a putative or certified class action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any pm-dispute arbitration agreement 
against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action or who is a member of a putative class who has 
not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until: (a) the class 
certification is denied, or (b) the class is decertified, or (c) the Client is excluded from the class by the court. Such 
forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement 
except to the extent stated herein. 
B. 
(THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
13-AWM-0198 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104308 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250492 
EFTA01449058

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449059.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449059.pdf
----------------------------------------
IV. TAX ELECTION/DECLARATION OF TAX STATUS 
This Account Agreement is designed for use by both U.S. Persons and Non-U.S. Persons. Please check the box next to the applicable item below. 
Client certifies that Client will notify OBS, in writing immediately if the representation certified to below ceases to be true and correct. 
1.O U.S. Citizen or U.S. Resident Alien 
Form W9 
Substitute 
Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification 
usiness name/disregarded entity name, d different from above 
appropriate box for federal tax classification (require 
Individual/sole proprietor 0 
C Corporation 0 
S Corporation 0 
Partnership 0 
Trust/estate 
O Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C=C corporation, 5=5 corporation, P=partnership) 
Other 
El Exempt payee 
MAI 
110.4 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Port II 
Sign 
Here 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on the -Name" line 
to avoid backup withholding. For individuals, this is your social security number ISSN). For other 
entities, it is your employer identification number IEIN). 
Certification 
Social Security Number 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me). and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: la) I am exempt from backup withholding, or lb) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service 1IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding, and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined in the instructions). 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding 
because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. 
2.0 Non-U.S. Person 
I am not a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien). I am submitting the applicable Form W8 with this form to certify my foreign status and. if applicable, 
claim tax treaty benefits. 
For example: Client is not a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien). Client agrees to provide OBSI with this application the applicable Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) Form W-8 to certify the client's foreign status. W-8 forms and instructions are available on the IRS website at www.irs.gov. 
13-AWM-0198 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104309 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250493 
EFTA01449059

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449060.pdf
----------------------------------------
BY SIGNING BELOW CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT: (1) CLIENT HAS RECEIVED, READ AND AGREES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS 
ACCOUNT AGREEMENT. INCLUDING THE APPENDIX WHICH CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION; AND (2) THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS 
ACCOUNT APPLICATION IS ACCURATE. 
CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT CONTAINS A PREDISPUTE ARBITRATION CLAUSE AT SECTION III, PAGE 5, AND CLIENT 
AGREES TO ITS TERMS (ALL ACCOUNT AGREEMENT SIGNATORIES MUST INITIAL'. 
IBITIALHESE4 
THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE DOES NOT REQUIRE CLIENTS CONSENT TO ANY PROVISION OF THIS DOCUMENT OTHER THAN THE CERTIFICATION 
REQUIRED TO AVOID BACKUP WITHHOLDING. AND, IF APPLICABLE. THE CERTIFICATION REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH CUENT'S STATUS AS A NON-U.S. 
PERSON AND OBTAIN A REDUCED RATE OF WITHHOLDING. 
Important Information for ERISA employee benefit plan clients: U.S. Department of Labor regulations require DBSI to disclose to a responsible plan fiduciary 
certain information in connection with the services that DBSI provides to a plan, to assist the fiduciary in evaluating the reasonableness of DBSI's services and 
related compensation. The disclosure is available online, at http://www.pwm.db.comfamerkasferderisa_disclosure_pcs.html. By signing below, you acknowledge 
that you aro a fiduciary responsible for the procurement of DBSI's services to the plan, you have road the disclosure and you understand the disclosure. 
Individual or joint account (IF THIS IS A JOINT ACCOUNT, ALL ACCOUNT OWNERS MUST SIGN): 
CONFIRMATION OF TAX AND COMPLIANCE RESPONSIBILITIES 
Client acknowledges having sole responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable in any relevant jurisdictions that 
may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in Client's accounts) and business relationship with DBSI. 
CHECK A BOX BELOW ONLY IF CLIENTS DO NOT WANT JOINT TENANTS WITH RIGHTS OF SURVIVORSHIP OR TENANTS BY THE ENTIRETIES. 
CLIENTS SPECIFY INSTEAD: 
OTenants in common; or 
OCommunity Property (for married couples in certain states: each spouse retains 50% interest in the community property upon death of the first spouse).
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Signature 
Date  
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Corporation, partnership, trust or other entity: 
CONFIRMATION OF TAX AND COMPLIANCE RESPONSIBILITIES 
Client acknowledges having sole responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable to in any relevant jurisdictions 
that may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in Client's accountfsl and business relationship with DBSI. Furthermore, Client confirms that the 
necessary information Ito the best of Client's knowledge and capabilities) is made available no less than annually to the relevant beneficial owner(s), settlor(s), 
beneficiarylies). partnor(sl, etc. to enable such person(s) to fulfill any respective tax obligations that may arise for such person(s) in connection withaliacto 
business relationship with D851. 
Name of Entity J Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation. Inc 
 Employer ID No. 
Signature of Officer. Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
Print Name/Title 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
 Date 
Print Name/Title 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
 Date 
Print Name/Title 
13'AWM'0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104310 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250494 
EFTA01449060

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449061.pdf
----------------------------------------
APPENDIX TO THIS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT: DISCLOSURES AND DEFINITIONS 
IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS APPENDIX 
DISCLOSURES 
1. 
Confirmations. Confirmations of transactions, as well as other communications will be sent to the address Client 
has provided, or to such other address as Client may hereafter give to DBSI in writing, and all communications so 
sent, whether by mail, private carrier, facsimile, messenger, electronically or otherwise, shall be deemed delivered 
to Client when sent, whether actually received or not. 
2. Consent to Loan or Pledge of Securities and other Property. Within the limitations imposed by Applicable Law, all 
Securities and Other Property now or hereafter held, carried or maintained by or in the possession of DBSI that 
have not been fully paid for may be lent to DBSI, to Pershing or to others, and may be pledged, repledged, 
hypothecated or rehypothecated without notice to Client, either separately or in common with other Securities and 
Other Property of DBSI's other Clients for any amount due in any account with DBSI in which Client has an 
interest, or for any greater amount, and DBSI may do so without retaining in its possession or control for delivery a 
like amount of similar Securities and Other Property. Client understands that while securities held for Client's 
Account(s) are loaned out, Client will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. For additional terrns that apply 
to margin accounts only, see the Margin Addendum. Neither Pershing, nor DBSI, will lend or pledge fully paid for 
securities without Client's written permission. 
3. Corrected and Late Trade Reports. DBSI may receive late and/or erroneous trade reports from the marketplace 
where Client's order is executed. Any such reports may result in an adjustment to Client's order or the information 
on a trade execution reported to Client. 
4. Effect of Attachment or Sequestration of Accounts. DBSI shall not be liable for refusing to obey any orders given 
by or for Client with respect to any Account which is or has been subject to an attachment or sequestration in any 
legal proceeding against Client, and DBSI shall be under no obligation to contest the validity of any such 
attachment or sequestration. 
5. Foreign Securities. With respect to debt or equity securities of foreign issuers or debt or deposit instruments of 
foreign banks ("Foreign Securities"), Client acknowledges and understands that: (a) Foreign Securities are, in most 
cases, not registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission or listed on any U.S. securities exchange, (b) 
Foreign Securities, particularly those of issuers in the so-called "emerging markets" are often illiquid, are 
sometimes subject to legal and/or contractual transfer restrictions and it may be difficult or impossible to dispose 
of such Foreign Securities prior to the maturity thereof or to determine the market price thereof for valuation 
purposes, (c) Foreign Securities, and the issuer, guarantors or other obligors with respect thereto ("Foreign Issuers/ 
Obligors") are subject to a variety of risks in addition to those typically faced in the case of U.S. securities and 
issuers, including, among other things, currency risk, exchange controls, confiscatory taxation, withholding, 
limitations on the rights of security holders, civil unrest, hyperinflation, discriminatory treatment of foreign 
investors, etc., (d) there is often less information available regarding Foreign Issuers/Obligors, and such information 
may be more difficult to interpret, than is the case with U.S. issuers whose securities are subject to the periodic 
reporting requirements under U.S. securities laws, (e) there may be no effective means to determine if a Foreign 
Issuer/Obligor is in default of its obligations in respect of its debt securities or other financial obligations (and Client 
specifically acknowledges that Foreign Securities which Client purchases may be in default at the time of 
purchase), (f) Foreign Securities in question may be unrated, and (g) such Foreign Securities are not suitable for all 
investors. Client authorizes DBSI to purchase Foreign Securities (and, in the case of Foreign Securities 
denominated in foreign currencies, the relevant foreign currencies) from or sell Foreign Securities (and foreign 
exchange) to an Affiliate of DBSI. In dealing with such Affiliates, such Affiliates may take and retain their normal 
commissions, spreads or other fees without regard to DBSI's relationship with Client. 
6. Freeriding Prohibited (Not Applicable to Margin Accounts). Paying for the purchase of securities in a cash account 
with the proceeds of their subsequent sale, known as freeriding, violates Regulation T of the Federal Reserve 
Board, is prohibited and may, among other things, result in Client's Account being restricted or closed. 
7. Impartial Lottery Allocation System. When DBSI holds Securities and Other Property that are callable (all or in 
part) on Client's behalf, Client will participate in DBSI's impartial lottery allocation system for the called Securities 
and Other Property. 
8. Non-Investment Adviser Capacity. Unless DBSI agrees otherwise in wilting, DBSI is not acting as an Investment 
adviser (as such tennis defined in the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended) with respect to the Client's 
Account(s). 
9. Non-United States Resident Additional Disclosure and Understanding. This disclosure applies to non-United 
States residents and non-United States domiciled entities. Client's Account is based in the United States, and not 
in Client's country of residence. DBSI accounts, products and services may not have been registered, reviewed or 
approved by any govemmental, banking or securities regulator in Client's country of residence or domicile. Not all 
of DBSI accounts, products, services or investments are available to residents of all countries. Many countries 
have various laws, rules and regulations that may apply to opening and maintaining accounts, products or services 
outside Client's country of residence or domicile, including reporting and filing requirements and laws, rules and 
regulations regarding taxes, exchange or capital controls. Client is responsible for knowledge of and adherence to 
any such laws, rules and regulations and reporting or filing requirements in Client's country or domicile of 
residence that might apply as a result of Client's Account with DBSI in the United States. These may include but 
are not limited to, tax, foreign exchange or capital controls, and reporting or filing requirements that may apply as 
a result of Client's country of citizenship, domicile or residence. Client currently complies and will continue to 
comply with any such laws, rules, regulations and reporting or filing requirements as required by Client's country 
of citizenship, residence or domicile. 
13.AWM•0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104311 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250495 
EFTA01449061

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449062.pdf
----------------------------------------
10. Notices. Notices and other communications may also be provided to Client verbally. Such notices and other 
communications left for Client on Client's answering machine, voice mail, electronic mail or otherwise, are 
considered to have been delivered to Client whether actually received or not. Transactions entered into Client's 
Account shall be confirmed by DBSI in writing where required by law or regulation. DBSI will not send separate 
confirmations for the following transactions: (a) dividends or distributions credited or reinvested, or transactions 
effected pursuant to a Dividend Reinvestment Plan, (b) shares of money market funds that are purchased or 
redeemed, or are part of the Cash Sweep Options, or (c) transactions effected pursuant to a periodic plan or an 
investment company plan. Client's periodic account statements will reflect these transactions. Notices concerning all 
matters related to Account(s) usually will go through DBSI although Pershing may send notices) directly to Client 
with a duplicate to DBSI should market conditions, time constraints or other circumstances so require. 
11. Possible Conflicts of Interest. Services and recommendations that DBSI provides to Client may differ from the 
services and recommendations provided to other Clients or by other individuals or groups at DBSI and/or affiliates of 
Deutsche Bank AG, whether acting as principal or agent. DBSI provides investment advice, portfolio management 
and execution services for many Clients and, in addition, acts as principal in various markets. Given these different 
roles, individuals and groups at DBSI and affiliates of Deutsche Bank AG are seldom of one view as to an investment 
strategy and may pursue differing or conflicting strategies. Employees of DBSI shall have no obligation to 
recommend to Client, or inform Client of, strategies being pursued by DBSI or other Clients. Further, (a) DBSI and its 
affiliates may provide services for a fee to or solicit business from companies whose securities are recommended by 
DBSI, (b) DBSI and its affiliates may be paid fees by investment companies registered under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 or other investment vehicles, including without limitation, fees for acting as investment 
advisor, administrator, custodian and transfer agent, and (c) DBSI and its affiliates act as brokers, principals and/or 
market makers in certain markets and may do so in transactions with Client. DBSI may recommend securities or 
strategies that are issued, underwritten, implemented or advised by DBSI or one or more of its affiliates. DBSI may 
receive compensation, in addition to the compensation Client pays DBSI, in the form of Rule 12b-1 fees, distribution 
fees, finder's fees, fees based upon fund management fees and cash or non-cash payments that are paid by mutual 
funds lout of fund assets in the case of Rule 12b-1 fees) or by the managers and other service providers to the funds 
(not out of fund assets). DBSI also participates in a program offered by Pershing, under which DBSI shares in 
revenue received by Pershing from mutual funds offered on the Pershing platform. All of these payments may vary 
based on sales volume or assets under management and may give DBSI a financial incentive to recommend certain 
funds or strategies and to include those funds in models and programs. In addition, DBSI may receive trail 
compensation in connection with sales of auction rate securities. 
12. Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). DBSI provides SIPC coverage through Pershing and/or as a 
member of SIPC. For additional information on this coverage see www.SlPC.org or call the SIPC public information 
number (201) 371.8300. Client will refer to the Annual Disclosure Statement, at http://www.pwm.db.com/americas/ 
en/annualdisclosurestatement.html for additional information regarding SIPC and excess of SIPC coverage. 
13. Tax-Exempt Entities. Charitable remainder trusts, foundations, pension plans and other tax-exempt entities may be 
deemed to receive unrelated business taxable income (UBTI) as a result of investing in certain securities, borrowing 
monies under a margin loan, investing in a partnership or limited liability company that generates UBTI or other 
leverage or loan arrangements. Tax-exempt entities should consult with their tax adviser before making an 
investment or entering into such arrangement. If Client's periodic Account Statement indicates that any Securities 
were forwarded to Client and Client has not received them, Client should notify DBSI immediately. If notification is 
received within 120 days after the mailing date, as reflected on Client's Account Statement, replacement will be 
made free of charge. Thereafter, a fee for replacement may apply. 
DEFINITIONS 
The following are definitions of certain terms that are used within this Account Agreement. As required, the singular shall 
be plural and the plural shall be singular. 
1. 
"Account Agreement" means the written agreement entered into between Client(s) and DBSI regarding Client's)' 
Account(s). The Account Agreement includes the Terms and Conditions, Arbitration, Tax Election/Declaration of Tax 
Status, and the Appendix to the Account Agreement, as well as any other applicable disclosure documents related to 
Client's Account(s), together with any amendments or supplements to such documents. There may be disclosures, 
agreements and terms applicable to a particular feature, program, account or service provided as a result of a Client 
election, modification of or addition to the Account Agreement, change in service or otherwise. DBSI will provide to 
Client such disclosures, agreements and terms, which shall be incorporated into this Account Agreement by 
reference. From time to time, DBSI may require that Client sign other agreements or documents for certain services 
or instructions and such additional agreements and documents shall become part of this Account Agreement. 
2. 
"Affiliate(s)" means any entity that is controlled by, controls or is under common control with DBSI. DBSI is a 
subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. Each affiliate is a separate legal entity. 
3. 
"Applicable Law* means the constitution, rules, regulations, customs and usages of the exchange or market, and its 
clearing house, if any, where a transaction is executed and applicable federal and state laws and regulations, 
including but not limited to securities laws and regulations (including the rules and regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board or foreign securities regulator, as applicable), and the rules 
and regulations of FINRA, or any other self-regulatory agencies or organizations having governing authority to a 
transaction in an Account in effect from time to time. 'Applicable Law" shall also include the rules of any national 
securities association, registered securities exchange or of the Options Clearing Corporation or other clearing 
organization applicable to the trading of option contracts. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104312 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250496 
EFTA01449062

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449063.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449063.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARGIN ADDENDUM TO ACCOUNT AGREEMENT 
READ AND SIGN BELOW TO OPEN A MARGIN ACCOUNT. 
Supplemental Terms and Conditions that Apply to Client Margin Account 
Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein or in the Margin Disclosures shall have the meaning specified in the 
Account Agreement and/or its Appendix annexed thereto. 
By signing this Agreement Client agrees to be bound by the Terms and Conditions in this Margin Addendum as well as 
those terms and conditions contained in the Account Agreement all of which are incorporated herein by reference. 
1. Mechanics and Risks of Margin. Client represents that Client understands the mechanics and risks of using margin 
as explained in the attached Margin Disclosure which is incorporated herein by reference. 
2. Financing. Client understands that the margin transactions in the Account may be financed by Pershing or DBSI. 
3. Interest and Costs. Client agrees to pay interest on all sums borrowed and other balances due and costs incurred by 
Deutsche Bank in maintaining the Margin Account on Client's behalf. DBSI will deduct all interest charges from 
Client's Account. Interest charges will be reflected on Client's account statement. For additional information on 
interest charges, please refer to the Annual Disclosure Statement at http://www.pwm.db.com/americaslen/ 
annualdisclosurestatement.html. To obtain the current schedule of rates visit: http://pwm.db.com/pwm/en/ 
alexbrown_legal_overview.html and click on "DBAB Call Rate" or contact the Client Advisor. 
4. Client's Margin Loan Is a Demand Loan. As such, DBSI or Pershing has the right to demand at any time the 
immediate payment of all or any portion of a margin balance. 
5. Liens. Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other 
Property in the possession or control of DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest (held 
individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and Other Properly are referred to herein as "DB 
Collateral") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its Affiliates or 
Pershing (collectively, all such obligations are referred to herein as the 'DB Obligations"). Client further grants to 
Pershing a security interest in and lien (the "Pershing Lien") upon all Securities and Other Property held in Client's 
Margin Account(s) and any associated cash account(s) (*Margin Collateral") to secure the indebtedness or any other 
obligation of Client to Pershing in this Margin Account (the "Margin Obligations"). Clients who are joint account 
holders (Joint Accountholders) acknowledge and agree that DB Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property 
held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates (whether 
individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any and all DB Obligations of each Joint Accountholder to DBSI 
and its Affiliates. With respect to the lien granted to DBSI and its Affiliates, DBSI (or Pershing, at DBSI's instruction) 
may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal 
with any or all such DB Collateral in order to satisfy any DB Obligations. In enforcing this lien, DBSI shall have the 
discretion to determine which Securities and Other Property to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. With respect 
to the Pershing Lien, Pershing may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or 
otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all Margin Collateral in order to satisfy any Margin Obligations. In enforcing 
this Pershing lien, Pershing shall have the discretion to determine what and how much Margin Collateral to apply for 
the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to grant an interest in 
any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c)(1)(8) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 406(a)(i)(B) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement account(s) maintained by DBSI, which 
may include IRAs or qualified plans, are not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property may only be 
used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to Client's retirement account(s)• 
6. Consent to Loan or Pledge of Securities and Other Property. Within the limitations imposed by Applicable Law, all 
Securities and Other Property now or hereafter held, carried or maintained by or in the possession of DBSI that have 
not been fully paid for, or are held in a margin account as collateral for a margin loan, may be lent to DBSI, to 
Pershing or to others, and may be pledged, repledged, hypothecated or rehypothecated by DBSI and/or Pershing 
without notice to Client, either separately or in common with other securities, commodities and other property of 
DBSI's or Pershing's other clients for any amount due in any account with DBSI in which Client has an interest, or 
for any greater amount, and DBSI and/or Pershing may do so without retaining in its possession or control for 
delivery a like amount of similar Securities and Other Property. Client understands that while securities held for 
Client's Account(s) are loaned out, Client will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. Margin securities in 
Client's account may be used for, among other things, settling short sales and lending the securities for short sales. 
As a result, Pershing and/or DBSI may receive compensation in connection with these transactions. Neither 
Pershing, nor DBSI, will lend or pledge fully paid for securities without Client's written permission. 
7. Margin Maintenance, Calls for Additional Collateral, Liquidations and Covering Short Positions. In order to engage 
in margin transactions, Client will be required to maintain such Securities and Other Property in Client's Margin 
Account(s) for margin purposes as shall be required under Applicable Law or otherwise by DBSI or Pershing for any 
reason. Client may be required to post, deposit or maintain additional collateral at any time. In addition to the rights 
otherwise set forth in this Agreement, DBSI and Pershing also shall have the right to liquidate any Securities and 
Other Property held in the Margin Account whenever DBSI or Pershing deems it necessary for its protection. 
Circumstances that may result in collateral calls or liquidations include, but are not limited to, the failure to promptly 
meet any call for additional collateral, the filing of a petition in bankruptcy, the appointment of a receiver by or 
against Client, or the attachment or levy against any account with DBSI in which Client has an interest. 
1340.NM-0196 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104315 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250499 
EFTA01449063

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449064.pdf
----------------------------------------
The rights of DBSI and Pershing shall include the right to buy all Securities and Other Property which may be short 
in such account, to cancel any open orders and to close any or all outstanding contracts, all without demand for 
margin or additional margin, notice of sale or purchase or other notice or advertisement, each of which is expressly 
waived. Upon a default, Client will also bear the cost of preserving the value of collateral, including hedging 
transactions that may be executed at DBSI or Pershing's discretion. Any sales or purchases hereunder may be made 
at on any exchange or other market where such business is usually transacted, or at public auction or private sale, 
and DBSI or Pershing may be the purchaser for its own account. Client understands that any prior demand, or call or 
prior notice of the time and place of such sale or purchase shall not be considered a waiver of the right to sell or buy 
without demand or notice as provided herein. Client further understands and agrees that if DBSI or Pershing permits 
Client a period of time in which to satisfy a call, the granting of that period of time shall not in any way waive or 
diminish the right of DBSI or Pershing to shorten the time period in which Client must satisfy the call, including an 
outstanding call, or to demand that a call be satisfied immediately. Client further understands that liquidations may 
involve sales of positions in Client's Accounts) that are as great as the full indebtedness owed by Client. 
8. 
Reg T Extensions. Client authorizes DBSI, at its discretion, to request and obtain extensions) of Client's time to 
make payment for securities Client purchases, as provided for by Federal Reserve Bank Regulation T. 
9. Short Sales of Securities. Client understands that before executing a Short Sale, DBSI or Pershing is generally 
required to make an affirmative determination as to whether DBSI or Pershing will receive delivery of the securities 
from the Client or that the securities can be borrowed by the settlement date. This process is commonly referred to 
as 'obtaining a locate." If a sufficient quantity of securities is not available from inventory, DBSI or Pershing may, 
among other things, contact third-party lenders to ascertain whether they have securities available for lending. If a 
sufficient quantity of securities appears borrowable, DBSI or Pershing may proceed to execute the short sate on 
Client's behalf. A locate is simply an indication that, as of the time the locate is obtained, it appears that securities 
will be available for borrowing on the settlement date. A locate is not a guarantee that securities will actually be 
available for lending and delivery on the settlement date or that the lender will not thereafter require the return of 
the borrowed securities. tf the securities are not available for borrowing for any reason by the settlement date, Client 
(as the seller) will "fail to deliver" to the purchaser. In that circumstance, a buy-in of the securities that were not 
timely delivered will occur on the moming of the third business day after normal settlement date and Client will be 
responsible for all losses and costs of the buy-in. See 'Mandatory Close-Out of Short Sales" below. Client is 
ultimately responsible for the delivery of securities on the settlement date and for the consequences of a failure to 
deliver and the timely return of securities borrowed on Client's behalf including any losses incurred by DBSI or 
Pershing relating to such short sales. Short positions will be "marked to the market" weekly. If the aggregate value 
of all securities sold by Client appreciates, an amount equal to such appreciation will be transferred from Client's 
Margin Account to Client's short Account resulting in a debit entry in the Margin Account. If the aggregate value of 
all the securities sold short depreciates, an amount equal to such decline will be transferred from the cash account 
to the Margin Account resulting in a credit entry in the Margin Account. The closing price from the previous 
business day is used to determine any appreciation or depreciation in the market value of any security sold short. 
Please note, from time to time, DBSI or Pershing may be prohibited from effecting a short sale in accordance with 
Applicable Law whether or not a "locate" is obtained. 
10. Mandatory Close-Out of Short Sales. Applicable Law generally requires that short sales of equity securities be 
closed by no later than the beginning of regular trading hours on the first business day following the settlement date 
if delivery of the securities has not occurred. The close-out is effected by DBSI or Pershing purchasing the securities 
for cash or guaranteed delivery of like kind and quantity. The requirement generally applies to undelivered equity 
securities that, on the date of the short sale, appeared on the "restricted list' of FINRA or a national securities 
exchange of which DBSI or Pershing is a member (i.e. those securities that have a clearing short position of 10.000 
shares or more and that are equal to at least 1/2 of 1% of the issue's total shares outstanding) ("Threshold 
Securities"). DBSI or Pershing will be required to effect a close-out mandated by Applicable Law whether or not a 
"locate" was obtained and whether or not a buy-in notice was issued by a purchaser or securities lender. 
11. Tax Treatment of Earnings on Pledged Municipal Securities. Client will consult with a tax adviser prior to 
depositing municipal securities to satisfy margin requirements as there may be tax consequences of doing so. 
12. Rehypothecation and Tax Treatment of Payments in Lieu of Dividends. The Internal Revenue Code generally 
provides that, subject to certain requirements, dividends paid to a U.S. individual shareholder from domestic 
corporations and certain foreign corporations are subject to tax at the reduced rates applicable to long-term capital 
gains. Payments in lieu of dividends are not eligible for the reduced rate of tax for dividends and are taxed at 
ordinary income tax rates. DBSI and Pershing have the right to rehypothecate margined shares in Client's Margin 
Account. Accordingly, Client hereby agrees that Client's Account may receive payments in lieu of dividends, which 
unlike actual dividends are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Client further agrees that neither DBSI nor Pershing 
shall be responsible to Client for any additional taxes or other costs Client incurs for receipt of such payments in lieu 
of dividends. Client also agrees to consult with Client's tax adviser if Client has any questions relating to payments 
in lieu of dividends. 
13. Additional Risks. The use of margin may enable Client to increase the size of the trades and/or volume of trading in 
the account which may result in an increase in the amount of commissions being paid to DBSI or Pershing by Client. 
14. Restricted Securities. Client will not post Restricted Securities as collateral for margin transactions without the prior 
approval of DBSI. 
15. Collection Remedies. DBSI reserves the right to assert any other remedies available under Applicable Law to collect 
any and all amount(s) due to DBSI or Pershing. 
16. Receipt of Margin Disclosure. Client hereby acknowledges receipt of the Margin Disclosure and Client 
acknowledges Client's understanding of and agreement to the contents thereof. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104316 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250500 
EFTA01449064

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449065.pdf
----------------------------------------
BY SIGNING BELOW, CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT CUENT HAS RECEIVED, READ AND AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THIS MARGIN 
AGREEMENT. INCLUDING THE MARGIN DISCLOSURE. 
This Agreement is subject to the Pre-Dispute Arbitration Clause in Section III, page 5, of the Account Agreement. 
Account Number 
Individual or joint account OF THIS IS ANOINT ACCOUNT, ALL ACCOUNT OWNERS MUST SIGN): 
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
 SSN/EIN  
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Corporation, partnership, trust or other entity: 
CONFIRMATION OF AUTHORITY TO BORROW: 
If this is an agreement for a trust, other fiduciary account or other non-natural person's) account, the authorized person hereby certifies and represents that 
the use of a margin account and specifically the borrowing, lending and pledging of Securities and Other Property as described herein and in the Margin 
Section is in accordance with and authorized by the provisions of the trust or other instrument and Applicable Law governing the r 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Name of Entity 
Emp 
Signature of Officer. Penner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
Date 
Print Name/Title  
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party__ 
Print Name/Title 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party_ , 
Print Name/Title  
Dar 
pat' ,
FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
Branch Manager approval for margin accounts: Signature 
 Date 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
13•AWM•0196 
012145 032813 
DB-SDNY-0104317 
SDNY_GM_00250501 
EFTA01449065

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449066.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449066.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Private Wealth Management 
Corporate Account Authorization and Terms and Conditions 
Officer's Certificate 
Account Number: 
I, 
, the duly elected and acting 
of J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc Rita "Corporation")  hereby certify that: 
ill The following resolutions were adopted by unanknous consent of the Board of Directors of the Corporation on the 
RESOLVED, that any persons designated by the 
of the Comoration &reauthorized on behalf of the Corporationlitii 
(A) Open and maintain one or more brokerage account(s) for and in the name of the Corporation at Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred 
to herein as "DBSI") (including any successor thereof); 
WI Deposit, deliver, assign, withdraw and transfer funds, instruments and securities of any type; 
(CI Sell any securities owned by the Corporation; 
(D) Buy any securities in a cash account; and 
(E) Buy, sell and sell securities (including put and call options) short in a margin account; and (DELETE (E) IF INAPPLICABLE) 
(F) Execute all documents, and exercise and direct the exercise of all duties, rights, and powers, and take all actions necessary or 
appropriate to perform the powers enumerated above. 
EURTHEFTRESOLVED; thilthe 
MI glitotgasietiort Shit 
powers,.. office or identitY of tilsee.Persons authorized to perform the powers enumerated above. DBSI may rely upon any such certificate of 
authority furnished by the Corporation until written certification of any change in authority shall have been received by DBSI. Any past action in 
accordance with this resolution is hereby ratified and confirmed. The powers enumerated above pertain to securities of any type now or hereafter 
held by the Corporation in its own right or in any fiduciary capacity. Powers previously certified by the Corporation shall not be affected by the 
dispatch or receipt of any other form of notice nor any change in the position with the Corporation held by any person so empowered. Any 
officer of the Corporation is hereby authorized to certify these resolutions to whom it may concern. 
a) 
Each of the following are authorized to perform the powers enumerated in the foregoing resolutions and by signing his or her name in this 
section 2 agrees on behalf of the Corporation to the Terms and Conditions attached hereto: 
(List name and corporate position) 
EMI 
IMO 
Name 
Position 
Signature 
Name 
Position 
Name 
Position 
Signature 
Signature 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG, conducts investment banking and securities activities in the UK ed St tes. 
1111111111111111111 I0 
CORP 
09.PVVM-0186 Corp Acct Au h & T&C 102/12) CORP 
006420-022212 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104320 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250504 
EFTA01449066

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449067.pdf
----------------------------------------
13) 
(4) 
No action has been taken to rescind or amend said resolutions, and they are now in full force and effect. 
15) 
No one other than the Corporation shall have any interest in any account opened and maintained in the name of the Corporation. 
16) 
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ON THE NEXT TWO PAGES CONTAIN A PRE-DISPUTE ARBITRATION CLAUSE AT PARAGRAPH 11. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto affixed my hand and the seal of the Corporations 
SEAL 
Signature of Second Certifying Officer 
Name of Second Certifying Officer 
Corporate Title of Second Certifying Officer 
IF THE CLIENT IS INCORPORATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, THE CLIENT MUST COMPLETE AND RETURN A FORM W-8 ALONG WITH 
THIS OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE. 
09-PWM-0186 Corp Acct Auth & T&C 102/121 CORP 
006420.022212 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104321 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250505 
EFTA01449067

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449068.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449068.pdf
----------------------------------------
Terms and Conditions Corporate Accounts 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred to herein as "DBSI") accepts the Account of the client described in the attached certificate (the "Client"). The 
term DBSI includes its affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees. Client understands that Pershing LLC is the carrier of the Account as 
clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with OBS!. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. As used herein, the term "affiliate of Deutsche Bank" or "Deutsche Bank 
affiliates" means Deutsche Bank AG and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Each of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates is a separately incorporated legal 
entity, none of which is responsible for the obligations of the others. "Securities and Other Property" shall include, but shall not be limited to, money 
and securities, financial instruments, commodities of every kind and nature, and all contracts and options relating to any thereof, owned by the Client 
or in which the Client has an interest. These terms and conditions shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the 
United States, as amended. 
By opening the Account, Client agrees to the following terms and conditions: 
1. Confirmations, and Transmission of Instructions 
Client agrees to notify DBSI in writing, within ten (101 days of sending Client a confirmation, of any objection Client has to any transaction in its 
Account. In the absence of such written notification, Client agrees that all transactions for its Account will be final and binding on it. Client 
understands that it is responsible for transmission of instructions to DBSI and that Client bears the risk of loss arising from the method of 
transmission that Client uses in the event of transmission errors, misunderstandings, impersonations, transmission by unauthorized persons or 
forgery. Client agrees to release and indemnify DBSI from any and all liability arising from the execution of transactions based on such instructions 
except if °BSI's gross negligence caused the transmission error. 
2. Cash Account 
With respect to the Account: (i) Client will make full cash payment on or before settlement date for each security purchased, unless funds 
sufficient therefor are already held in the Account; (ii) Client does not contemplate selling any security before it is paid for as provided in the 
preceding clause; (iii) Client will own each security sold at the time of sale and, unless such security is already held in the account, will promptly 
deliver such security thereto on or before settlement date; and fiv) Client will promptly make full cash payment of any amount that may become 
due in order to meet necessary requests for additional deposits or, with respect to any unissued security purchased or sold, to mark to the market. 
3. Short and Long Orders; Deliveries and Settlements 
Client agrees that, in giving orders to sell, all "short" sales will be designated by it as "short" and all other sales will be designated by DBSI as 
long." Client also agrees that DBSI may, at its discretion, immediately cover any short sales in the Account, without prior notice. In case of non-
delivery of a security, DBSI is authorized to purchase the security to cover Client's position and charge any loss, commissions and fees to the 
Account. Client agrees that if DBSI fails to receive payment for securities Client has purchased. DBSI may, without prior demand or notice, sell 
those securities or other property held by DBSI in the Account and any loss resulting therefrom will be charged to the Account. Cient authorizes 
DBSI, at its discretion, to request and obtain extension(s) of Client's time to make payment for securities Client purchased, as provided for by 
Federal Reserve Bank Regulation T. 
4. Liens 
Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other Property in the possession or control of 
DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest 'heId individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and 
Other Property are referred to herein as "Collatora") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its 
Affiliates or Pershing (provided that such indebtedness or obligation to Pershing arises in connection with this Agreement) (collectively, all such 
obligations are referred to herein as the "Obligations"). Clients who are joint accountholders ("Joint Accountholders") acknowledge and agree that 
pursuant to this lien, the Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint 
Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates (whether individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any and aN Obligations of each Joint 
Accountholder to DBSI and its Affiliates. DBSI (or Pershing. at DBSI's instruction) may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release. 
exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all such Collateral in order to satisfy any Obligations. In enforcing this lien. DBSI shall 
have the discretion to determine which Securities and Other Property to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing. 
nothing herein shall be deemed to grant an interest in any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c) 
111181 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended. or Section 406(a)01(8) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement accounts) maintained by DBSI, which may include IRAs or qualified plans, are 
not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property may only be used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to 
Client's retirement account(s). 
5. Authority to Borrow 
In case of the sale of any security or other property by DBSI at Client's direction and DBSI's inability to timely deliver the same to the purchaser by 
reason of Client's failure to supply DBSI therewith, Client authorizes DBSI to purchase or borrow any security or other property necessary to make 
the required delivery, and Client agrees to be responsible for any loss or cost, including interest, which DBSI sustains as a result of Client's failure 
to make delivery to DBSI. 
B. Interest Charges 
Client acknowledges that debit balances in the Account, including, but not limited to, those arising from its failure to make payment by settlement 
date for securities purchased, will be charged interest at the then current rate, in accordance with ()BSI's usual custom. Interest will be computed 
on the net daily debit balance, which is computed by combining all debit balances and credit balances in each account with the exception of 
credit balances associated with short security positions. 
7. Credit Information and Investigation 
Client authorizes DBSI to obtain reports concerning its credit standing and business conduct at DBSI's discretion. Client also authorizes DBSI and 
any affiliate of Deutsche Bank, including, without limitation, Deutsche Bank AG, to share among such affiliates such information and any other 
confidential information DBSI and such affiliates may have about Client and the Account. 
09-PWA4-0186 Corp Acct Auth & T&C 1021121 CORP 
006420022212 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104322 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250506 
EFTA01449068

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449069.pdf
----------------------------------------
8. Satisfaction of Indebtedness 
Client agrees to satisfy, upon demand, any indebtedness, including any interest and commission charges. Client further agrees to pay the reasonable 
costs and expenses of collection of any amount it owes DBSI, including reasonable attorney's fees and court costs. Client agrees that ()BSI and its 
clearing broker have the right to collect any debit balance or other obligations owing in Client's Account, and that such rights may be assigned to each 
other. 
9. Loan or Pledge of Securities and Other Property 
Within the limitations imposed by applicable law, all Securities and Other Property now or hereafter held, carried, or maintained by DBSI in its 
possession that have not been fully paid for, may be lent, either to DEMI or to others. pledged, and repledged by DBSI, without notice to Client. 
Client understands that while securities held for its Account are loaned out, Client will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. 
10. Aggregation of Orders and Average Prices 
Client authorizes DIM, at its discretion, to aggregate orders for the Account with other customer orders. Client recognizes that in so doing, it may 
receive an average price for its orders that may be different from the price(s) it might have received had its orders not been aggregated. Client 
understands that this practice may also result in its orders being only partially completed. 
11. Arbitration 
- This section of the Agreement contains the predispute arbitration agreement between us. By signing this Agreement, we agree 
as follows: 
(i) 
All parties to this Agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by 
the rules of the arbitration forum in which a claim is filed; 
Ili) Arbitration awards are generally final and binding. A party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited; 
(iii) The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally limited in arbitration as compared to 
court proceedings; 
(iv) The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision 
has been submitted by all parties to the panel at least twenty (20) days prior to the first hearing date; 
(v) The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry; 
Iv') The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases. a claim that is ineligible for 
arbitration may be brought in court; and 
(vii) The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this Agreement. 
- Client agrees to arbitrate with DBSI any controversies which may arise, whether or not based on events occurring prior to the date of this 
agreement,including any controversy arising out of or relating to any account with DBSI, to the construction, performance or breach of any 
agreement, or any duty arising from any agreement or other relationship with ()BSI, or to transactions with or through DBSI, only before the 
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., or any exchange of which DBSI is a member, at Client's election. Client agrees that Client shall 
make Client's election by registered mail to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Compliance Department - Attention: Director of Compliance. 60 
Wall Street, 23rd Floor, Mail Stop NYC60-2330, New York. NY 10005-2836. If Client's election is not received by DBSI within ten 110) 
calendar days of receipt of a written request from DBSI that Client make an election, then DBSI may elect the forum before which the 
arbitration shall be held. 
- Neither DBSI nor Client waive any right to seek equitable relief pending arbitration. No person shall bring a putative or certified class action to 
arbitration, nor seek to enforce any pre-dispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action; or 
who is a member of a putative class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action 
until (i) the class certification is denied; or (ii) the class is decertified; or (ii) the customer is excluded from the class by the court. Such 
forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to the extent stated 
herein. 
Important Disclosures for Your Records 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. -DIM" is furnishing this document to you to alert you to important matters regarding your account. 
Securities Investor Protection Corporation ("SIPC") 
Securities held by our clearing broker, Pershing LLC, for your account are protected up to the total net equity held in the account. Of this total, SIPC 
provides S500,000 of coverage, including 5100.000 for claims for cash awaiting reinvestment. The remaining coverage is provided by Pershing 
through a commercial insurer. SIPC protection applies when the SIPC member firm through which you hold your investments fails financially and is 
unable to meet its obligations to securities clients, but SIPC protection does not protect against losses attributable to the rise and fall in the market 
value of investments. A small number of client accounts are not carried on Pershing's books due to specific account factors. These accounts are 
covered under DBSI's SIPC membership. DIM does not provide coverage in excess of SIPC coverage. Certain investments, such as commodity 
futures contracts and currency, are ineligible for SIPC protection. For additional information on SIPC, see www.SlPC.org or cal the SIPC public 
information number. (202) 371.8300. 
Payment for Order Flow 
DBAB receives payment when its routes for execution certain orders in certain securities. The determination as to where to route orders is based on 
several factors, consistent with DBSI's obligation to provide best execution for all client orders. Because several factors aro considered with respect 
to such determinations, DBSI could potentially secure price improvements on such orders by routing them in a different manner and all such orders 
potentially could be executed at prices superior to the best bid or best offer. Payment is received by DBSI in the form of rebates, or credits against 
exchange fees, and specialist fees. Details will be furnished upon written request. 
09'PWM'0186 Corp Act, Ault) & T&C 102/12) CORP 
006020.022212 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104323 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250507 
EFTA01449069

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449070.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
DBTCA Deposit Account Opening Application 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Personal Accounts 
K 
Checking Acct. # 
K 
Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
K 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
(DBTCA deposit account required, 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
Private Wealth Premiums" 
Internet Banking Services 
K 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus 
K 
Link to Existing Online Relationship 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Business Accounts 
K 
Checking Met. # 
K 
Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
K Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
IDBTCA deposit account required. 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
K 
Cash Master Sweep Account 
Checking Acct. # 
(User/Co. ID Number) 
Client Relationship 
K Individual Account 
K Joint Tenants with Right 
of Survivorship 
K Joint Tenants in Common 
K In Trust For/Payable on 
Death/As Trustee for 
K Trust 
K Estate 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Banking Services 
K 
Consumer Debit Card # 
K 
Joint Applicant Debit Card # 
K Business Debit Card # 
K 
Deluxe Checkbook Style # 
K 
Name Only 
K 
Name and Address 
K 
Duplicate Statement 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
K 
Mailing address (if different) 
Name 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Target Amount 
Trigger Amount 
K Custody under NY UTMA 
K Foundation 
K Non-Profit Organization 
K Attorney Trust Escrow 
K Landlord Master Escrow 
K Corporation 
K Limited Liability Company 
K Partnership 
K Limited Liability Partnership 
13-AWM -0101 
NAOSOD00014542-000102945 
013959.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250508 
DB-SDNY-0 104324 
EFTA01449070

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449071.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449071.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Title and Joint Application Information 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Fot 
Name of Account Tide 
past name. lust name, middle initial) or Business 
Joint Applicant 
(last name. first name, middle initial) 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
6100 Red Hook quarter 83
Address 
Address 
St Thomas 
City. St
ate 
and Zip Codo 
ome 
ep one Number 
Business Telephone Number 
Date of Birth 
Name of Employer 
Address 
City, State and Zip Code 
U.S. Virgin Isla' 00802  
Not applicable 
City, State and Zip Code 
Home Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
Date of Birth 
Name of Employer 
Address 
City, State and Zip Code 
Notice of Customer Identification Policy 
Important Information 
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who establishes an account, investment or 
other business relationship with a financial institution. This means that we will ask for your name, address, and other 
information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see identifying documents such as a certificate of 
formation or good standing (legal entities) or a passport or other photo identification (individuals). 
3rd EU Notice 
Governmental rules have also broadened the scope of the Bank's obligations to aid in the fight against money laundering 
and terrorist financing; these rules call for an active involvement of both asset management firms and their clients. For 
new and existing clients we currently have a legal obligation to ask our customers questions regarding their identities, 
addresses, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, beneficial owners or control 
structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, enhanced anti-money laundering 
requirements require that should any of the above personal or institutional information change, our clients would be 
obliged to immediately notify us of the change(s) and provide us with relevant documentation to verify these changes. 
Telephone, Facsimile or Email Instructions 
By signing below, you agree that from time to time you may give instructions by telephone, facsimile or email regarding 
the above captioned account(s) (defined herein as "Verbal Instructions"). It is understood that the risk of Verbal 
Instructions being given by person or persons purported to be you is your own. Absent the gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of Deusche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA), you agree to indemnify and hold harmless DBTCA for 
any claims, losses, expenses, costs or attorneys' fees resulting from DBTCA's acting upon such misunderstood and 
unauthorized Verbal Instructions. You understand that DBTCA may, but shall not be required to, seek verification of your 
verbal, facsimile or email instructions by call back. In case of doubt, DBTCA may in its sole discretion refuse to execute 
your Verbal Instructions or any part thereof, without incurring any liability. DBTCA is under no obligation to execute your 
Verbal Instructions to transfer funds or securities to any account(s) without written instructions bearing your original 
signature. 
Joint Account Disclosure 
You have opened a joint account with DBTCA and acknowledge receipt of the following information: This deposit and any 
additions to the account shall become the property of each owner as joint tenants, and DBTCA may release the entire 
account to any owner during the lifetime of all owners. DBTCA may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from 
any owner during the lifetime of all owners. The Bank may be required by service of legal process to remit funds held in 
the joint account to satisfy a judgment entered against, or other valid debt incurred by, any owner of the account. DBTCA 
may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s) and may treat the 
account as the sole property of the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s). Unless DBTCA receives written notice 
signed by any owner not to pay or deliver any joint deposit or addition or accrual. DBTCA shall not be liable to any owner 
for continuing to honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from any owner. After the receipt of the notice referred to 
in the previous sentence, DBTCA may require the written authorization of any or all joint owners for any further payments 
or deliveries. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104325 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250509 
EFTA01449071

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449072.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, by and through its authorized officer, has caused this instrument to be 
executed on the date listed below. 
(FOR BUSINESS USERS] 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Business Name 
Name/title 
Signature 
Date 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS 
By 
Print Name/Title 
Date 
[FOR ALL OTHER USERS] 
Account Namo 
NameMlle 
Signature 
Date 
WM131067 
010198 08C613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104327 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250511 
EFTA01449072

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449073.pdf
----------------------------------------
Barcode_Num 
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus Account Opening Application 
Client Information 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Client/Company Name 
Online Contact Name 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation. Inc 
Title 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
Address 
St Thomas 
U.S. Virgin Islands 
00802 
State 
Zip Code 
one rvumoer
Email address 
Accounts and Services (please check services for each account) 
Balance & 
Account 
Activitiy 
Book 
Number 
Reporting 
Transfer 
K 
Bill Pay 
K 
ACH 
K 
Wire 
Positive Pay 
Transfer 
(Fees Apply) 
K 
Account 
Reconciliation 
(Fess Apply) 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
ACH Daily Limit $ 
Wire Transfer Daily Limit $ 
The ACM Daily Unit is the daily aggregate dollar amount of ACM transactions (payments and 
collections) you may send through Private Wealth Online Plus. The Wire Transfer Daily Limit is the 
daily aggregate dollar amount of wire transfers you may transmit through Private Wealth Online Plus. 
Note: By signing below, you acknowledge and agree that Deutsche Bank wel make reasonable efforts to adhere to the ACH Daily Limit and Wire Transfer 
Daily Limit set forth herein. but shall have no obligation to do so. Further. you acknowledge and agree that, in accordance with the terms of the Internet 
Banking Services Agreement. Deutsche Bank may place land adjust) daily dollar limits on the amount that may be transferred at any time, and from time to 
time, for any reason or for no reason. 
Wire Transfer Security Code (Optional) Alpha Numeric Security Code 6-25 characters 
Security Code 
If I have selected to receive Internet Banking Services, I understand that I will 
be required to enter a separate Internet Banking Services Agreement with 
Deutsche Bank before I can access the Internet Banking Service. 
Account Holder's Signature 
Print Name 
Date 
Note: Access to DB InSight is the recommended portal to DB Private Wealth Online 
For Office Use Only: 
Primary Officer: 
Secondary Officer: 
Prepared by: 
Date: 
Approved by 
Wealth Advisor 
Date: 
NAOSOD00014542-000102945 
13-AWM.0135 009614.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104328 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250512 
EFTA01449073

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449074.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Card 
Deutsche Bonk. Trust Company Americas 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Account Holder Title 
Account Number 
K Individual 
K ITF/POD/ATF• K Corporate 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Requited: 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Pannership 
K Other: 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
Date of Power of Attorney 
or ITF/POD/ATP See Supplemon al elms and Conditions 
I III II 1111 
IIIIIUIIIIiTIIIIIIIIIII 
13-AWM.4:06/9 
NAOSOD00014542-000102946 
006678 08:913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104329 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250513 
EFTA01449074

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449075.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449075.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Card 
Deutsche Bonk. Trust Company Americas 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Account Holder Title 
Account Number 
K Individual 
K ITF/POD/ATF• K Corporate 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Requited: 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Pannership 
K Other: 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
Date of Power of Attorney 
or ITF/POD/ATP See Supplemon al elms and Conditions 
I III II 1111 
IIIIIUIIIIiTIIIIIIIIIII 
13-AWM.4:06/9 
NAOSOD00014542-000102946 
006678 08:913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104330 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250514 
EFTA01449075

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449076.pdf
----------------------------------------
Private Wealth Manage -n 
Deutsche Bank 
Not -For -Profit Organization Resolut ion - Deposit Account 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
 • 
Secretary of  
[a corporation] [an unincorporated association] duly organized and 
existing under the laws of  
 , described 
herein as "this organization," hereby certify that the following is a 
true copy of resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of this 
organization at a meeting duly held, a quorum being present, 
on 
, 20 
and that such resolutions are 
now in full force and effect: 
"RESOLVED, that Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. New 
York, N. Y. (the "Bank"), is designated a depositary of this 
organization for each account of this organization now or 
hereafter opened and maintained at the Bank (whether one or 
more, the "Account"); and 
"FURTHER RESOLVED, that all drafts, checks and other written 
instruments or orders for the payment of money drawn (i) against 
the Account or (ii) to or otherwise made payable to this 
organization shall be signed or endorsed (for transfer or 
encashment) by any 
of the following*: (insert titles but not names 
of officers): 
 :and 
"FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Bank is hereby requested. 
authorized and directed to honor all orders for the payment of 
money by wire or other electronic means made or issued in this 
organization's name on the Account: (i) when transmitted and 
delivered to the Bank by telex, cable, facsimile or other 
mechanical or electronic transmission; letter or other written 
communication; or telephonic or other oral communication; and 
(ii) when separately authorized in writing by any 
of officer(s) 
designated in the preceding 'RESOLVED' clause and the Bank 
shall be entitled to honor and charge the Account for all such 
orders which it believes in good faith to be genuine regardless of 
by whom or by what means such orders may have been issued. 
The authorization provided in this clause shall include, without 
limitation, the right to enter into any agreement(s) with the Bank, 
from time to time, containing such indemnities in favor of the 
Bank as it may require and such other provisions in order to 
effectuate the purpose hereof; and 
"FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Bank is authorized to place to 
the credit of the Account, funds, drafts, checks, credits or other 
property by whomever delivered or transmitted to the Bank for 
deposit for account of this organization, endorsed with the name 
and/or Account number of this organization or other agreed-
IIII III III 111111 
III 111111 
IIII III IIII 
upon symbol or identifying mark by rubber stamp, facsimile. 
mechanical, 
manual or other signature (and any 
such 
endorsement by whomever affixed shall be the endorsement of 
this organization), or otherwise endorsed, or unendorsed. 
provided that if any such item shall bear, or be accompanied by, 
directions (by whomever made) for deposit to a specific Account. 
then such deposit shall be to the credit of such specific Account; 
the Bank may at any time refuse any such deposit or credit to the 
Account and/or may return by mail or otherwise the whole or any 
part of a deposit to this organization; and 
"FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Bank is hereby directed to 
accept, and/or apply any draft, check or other instrument or order 
for the payment of money, or any proceeds thereof, including 
any order for the transfer thereof by wire or other electronic 
means, drawn, made or issued on such Account or drawn to or 
otherwise made payable to this organization (each such payment 
order herein an "Order") when signed or endorsed, made or 
issued as required by these resolutions without limit as to 
amount, without inquiry and without regard to the disposition of 
any such item or any proceeds thereof, and the Bank shall not be 
liable in connection therewith notwithstanding that such Order: 
(i) may be payable or endorsed to the order of a person whose 
signature appears thereon or who otherwise made or issued 
such Order or of any other officer(s) or agent(s) of this 
organization, or Off or any proceeds thereof may be used or 
disposed of for the personal credit or account of any such person 
(5). officer(s) or agent(s) with the Bank or otherwise or in 
payment of the individual obligation of any such person(s), officer 
(s) or agent(s) to the Bank or otherwise, or (iii) may cause or 
increase an overdraft on the Account; and 
"FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Account and all transactions 
related thereto, the authorities, specifications, agreements and 
services herein provided shall also be subject to all other 
agreements, rules, regulations and conditions set forth in any 
signature card, deposit ticket, passbook, instrument, receipt, 
statement of Account and all state and federal laws, rules and 
regulations applicable to the subject matter hereof." 
I further certify that this organization is operated primarily for 
religious, philanthropic, charitable, educational, fraternal or other 
similar purposes and is not operated for profit. 
I further certify that the following persons hold in this 
organization the positions indicated below: 
Name 
Title 
OPA.D A 
C' 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
NA0S0D0 0014 5 4 2-0 001 0 2 9 5 1 
DB-SDNY-0104331 
SDNY_GM_00250515 
EFTA01449076

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449077.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Complete only if doing business under assumed name; 
otherwise disregard.) 
I further certify that this organization is (1) doing business under 
the name of 
(Assumed Name) 
as shown by the annexed Certificate of the Secretary of State; (2) 
the sole owner of the above assumed name; and (3) will be the 
owner of each check, draft or other item drawn or made payable 
to said assumed name and deposited to the credit of the 
Account. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto subscribed my 
signature and affixed the seal of this organization this 
day of 
,20 
(SEAL) 
• If two signatures are desired, with one signature from each of 
two groups, strike out the underlined words and insert "by one 
from each of the following two groups, respectively;" then list the 
groups separately. 
If two signatures are desired, but as a signature and 
countersignature, with authority limited accordingly, strike out 
the underlined words and add "and signed and countersigned by 
one from each of the following two groups, respectively;" then 
arrange signature and countersignature groups accordingly. 
•• 
(Secretary) 
If the Secretary conferred by the above resolutions is 
authorized to sign alone. the certification of resolutions must be 
confirmed below by another officer. 
Confirmed: 
(Official Title) 
70444 (04) 
SO/PAD AK 11401 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104332 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250516 
EFTA01449077

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449078.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449078.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104334 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250518 
EFTA01449078

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449079.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449079.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Account Agreement 
The Haze Trust 
tlient(s) 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
Address 
St. Thomas 
City 
00802 
State 
ip Code 
Account Title (Complete if different from the Client above) 
Account Number(s) 
IMPORTANT: PLEASE SIGN AND RETURN THIS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT 
This is the account agreement (Account Agreement) between Client and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred to herein 
as "DBSI"). It includes the terms and conditions and is the contract that controls each brokerage account in which Client 
has an interest (each an "Account"). Client agrees to read this Account Agreement and the Appendix to this Account 
Agreement: Disclosures and Definitions ("Appendix") carefully. If Client is not willing to be bound by these terms and 
conditions, Client should not sign this Account Agreement. Client's signature confirms that Client has read and agrees to 
the terms of this Account Agreement and the Appendix annexed hereto. 
I. CLIENT REPRESENTATIONS 
Client certifies that all of the information provided by Client in this Account Agreement is accurate and complete and 
that each of the following statements is accurate as to Client and Client's Account: 
a. Where Client is a natural person, Client is of legal age; 
b. For all accounts: (a) no one except the person(s) named on the Account(s), or, if signed in a representative 
capacity, then no one except the beneficial owner(s), has any interest in the Account(s), (b) Client is and will 
remain compliant with all Applicable Laws, (c) Client is financially capable of satisfying any obligations 
undertaken through Client's Account(s), (d) Client acknowledges that the purchase and sale of securities entails 
substantial economic risk, and represents knowingly and willingly that Client can assume such risk and (e) Client 
has read and understands the terms set forth in this Account Agreement and those agreements or supplements 
incorporated by reference and understands that Client is bound by such terms; 
c. Client agrees to notify us in writing if: (a) Client is or becomes an employee, member or immediate family 
member of any securities exchange (or corporation of which any exchange owns a majority of the capital stock), 
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) or of any broker-dealer, (b) Client is or becomes a senior 
officer or immediate family member of such a person of any bank, savings and loan institution, insurance 
company, investment company, investment advisory firm or institution that purchases securities, or other 
employer whose consent is required to open and maintain this Account by regulation or otherwise, unless such 
consent has been provided to 0651. 
Client will promptly notify DBSI in writing if any of the above circumstances change. 
II. TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO CLIENT'S ACCOUNT(S) 
The following terms and conditions govern Client's Account(s): 
1. Rights of DBSI. All rights granted to DBSI under this Account Agreement are granted with the understanding that it 
shall be within the sole discretion of DBSI whether, and in what manner, to exercise such rights. The failure of DBSI 
to exercise any right granted under this Account Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such right or any other 
right granted hereunder. DBSI retains the right to delegate to its agent, including its clearing agent, Pershing LLC 
(Pershing), one or more of DBSI's rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Client. 
2. Cash Account. OBS' will classify each Account as a cash brokerage account. DBSI must separately approve the 
opening of a margin account (Margin Account) and Client must separately sign the Margin Agreement. 
3. Order Execution. Orders for the purchase or sale of assets may be routed to or executed through any exchange, market 
or broker that DBS1 selects. 
4. Rules and Regulations. All transactions in Account(s) shall be conducted in accordance with and subject to 
Applicable Law. 
13-AWM-0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104336 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250520 
EFTA01449079

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449080.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449080.pdf
----------------------------------------
5. Purchase of Securities. DBSI requires that cash accounts contain sufficient funds to settle a transaction, but has the 
right to accept an order without sufficient funds with the understanding that Client will submit payment on or before 
settlement date for each security purchased. DBSI retains the right to cancel or liquidate any order accepted and/or 
executed without prior notice to Client, if DBSI does not receive payment by settlement date. Alternatively, upon 
Client's failure to pay for purchased and settled securities, DBSI has the right to sell Securities and Other Property 
held in any of Client's Account(s), and charge to Client any loss resulting therefrom. 
6. Sale of Securities. Client agrees that in a cash account: (a) Client will not sell any Security before it is paid for, (b) 
Client will own each security sold at the time of sale, (c) unless such security is already held in the Account, Client 
will promptly deliver such security thereto on or before settlement date, (d) Client will promptly make full cash 
payment of any amount which may become due in order to meet necessary requests for additional deposits and (e) 
with respect to any Securities and Other Property sold, Client will satisfy any mark to the market deficiencies. Client 
must affect all Short Sales in a margin account and designate these sales as -short." All other sales will be 
designated as "long" and will be deemed to be owned by Client. In the event that DBSI enters an order to sell 
Securities and Other Property that Client represents Client owns, but which are not held in the Account at the time of 
sale, and Client fails to make delivery by settlement date, DBSI has the right to purchase or borrow any Securities 
and Other Property necessary to make the required delivery. Client agrees to compensate DBSI for any loss or cost, 
including interest, commission or fees sustained as a result of the foregoing. DBSI charges interest on unpaid 
balances in cash accounts from the close of business on settlement date. See the Annual Disclosure Statement, at 
hup://www.pwm.db.com/americas/en/annualdisclosurestatement.html for additional information on interest charges. 
7. Restrictions on Trading. DBSI has the right to prohibit or restrict Client's ability to trade Securities and Other 
Property, or to substitute securities in Client's Account. 
8. Restricted Securities. Client will not buy, sell or pledge any Restricted Securities without DBSI's prior written 
approval. Prior to placing any order for Restricted Securities subject to Rule 144 or 145 of the Securities Act of 1933, 
Client must identify the status of the securities and furnish DBSI with the necessary documents (including opinions 
of legal counsel, if requested) to obtain approval to transfer and register these securities. DBSI will not be liable for 
any delays in the processing of these securities or for any losses caused by these delays. DBSI has the right to 
decline to accept an order for these securities until the transfer and registration of such securities has been approved. 
9. Order Placement and Cancellation/Modification Requests. When Client verbally places a trade with a Client 
Advisor, Client will be bound to the oral confirmation repeated back to Client, unless Client objects at the time of the 
order. Client understands that requests to cancel/modify an order that DBSI accepts are on a best efforts basis only. 
10. Aggregation of Orders and Average Prices. Client authorizes DBSI to aggregate orders for Client Account(s) with 
other orders. Client recognizes that in so doing, Client may receive an average price for orders that may differ from 
the price(s) Client may have received had the orders not been aggregated. Client understands that this practice may 
also result in orders being only partially completed. 
11. Transmission of Instructions. Client understands and accepts responsibility for the transmission of instructions to 
0BSI and will bear the risk of loss arising from the method of transmission used in the event of transmission errors, 
misunderstandings, impersonations, transmission by unauthorized persons, forgery or intercepts. Except in the case 
of gross negligence, Client agrees to release and indemnify DBSI, its affiliates, employees and directors from any 
and all liability arising from the execution of transactions based on such instructions. 
12. Role of Certain Third Parties. DBSI engages a third-party clearing agent, Pershing. Client understands that Pershing 
is the custodian of Client's assets, clears and settles all transactions, and extends credit on any margin purchases, 
where applicable. Client further understands that Pershing may accept from DBSI, without inquiry or investigation: (i) 
orders for the purchase or sale of Securities and Other Property on margin or otherwise, and (ii) any other 
instructions concerning Account(s). Client further understands that the contract between DBSI and Pershing, and the 
services rendered thereunder, are not intended to create a joint venture, partnership or other form of business 
organization of any kind. Pershing shall not be responsible or liable to Client for any acts or omissions of DBSI or its 
employees. Pershing does not provide investment advice, nor offer any opinion on the suitability of any transaction 
or order. DBSI is not acting as the agent of Pershing. Client cannot hold Pershing, its affiliates and its officers, 
directors and agents liable for any trading losses that Client incurs. 
13. Liens. Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other 
Property in the possession or control of DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest (held 
individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and Other Property are referred to herein as 
"Collateral") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its Affiliates or 
Pershing (collectively, all such obligations are referred to herein as the "Obligations"). Clients who are joint 
accountholders (Joint Accountholders) acknowledge and agree that pursuant to the lien to DBSI and Affiliates, the 
Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint 
Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates or Pershing (whether individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any 
and all Obligations of each Joint Accountholder to DBSI and its Affiliates or Pershing. With respect to the lien 
granted to DBSI and its Affiliates, DBSI (or Pershing, at 0851's instruction) may, at any time and without prior notice, 
sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all such Collateral in order to 
satisfy any Obligations. In enforcing this lien, DBSI shall have the discretion to determine what and how much 
Collateral to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed 
to grant an interest in any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c)(1) 
(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 406(a)(i)(B) of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement account(s) maintained by 
DBSI, which may include IRAs or qualified plans, are not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property 
may only be used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to Client's retirement account(s). 
13-AWM-0196 
012146.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104337 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250521 
EFTA01449080

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449081.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449081.pdf
----------------------------------------
c. In the event of the death of any owner, the survivors) shall immediately give DBSI written notice thereof. 0851 
may, before or after receiving such notice, take such action, require such documents, retain such securities and/ 
or restrict transactions in the Account as necessary for its protection against any tax, liability, penalty or loss 
under any present or future laws or otherwise. Any cost resulting from the death of any owner, or through the 
exercise by any decedent's estate, survivors (including other Account owners) or representatives of any rights in 
the Account shall be chargeable against the interest of the survivor(s) as well as against the interest of the estate 
of the decedent. The estate of the decedent and each survivor (including other Account owners) shall continue 
to be jointly and severally liable to DBSI for any obligation of the joint account or net debit balance or loss in said 
account until such time as DBSI distributes the assets in accordance with Clients' instructions. 
22. Non-disclosure of Confidential and Material, Non-public Information. During the course of business, employees of 
DBSI may come into possession of confidential and material non-public information. Under Applicable Law, such 
employees are prohibited from improperly disclosing or using such information for their personal benefit or for the 
benefit of any other person, regardless of whether such other person is a Client of 0851. Client understands that 
under Applicable Law, DBSI employees are prohibited from communicating such information to Client and that 
DBSI shall have no responsibility or liability to Client for failing to disclose such information. 
23. Third Party Authorization; No Agency. Client agrees that if Client authorizes third party(ies) (including, without 
limitation, any investment advisor or money manager) to act on Client's Account, such third party(ies) shall be 
bound by the Terms and Conditions of this Account Agreement. Client further agrees that unless otherwise agreed 
to in writing by DBSI, third party(ies) authorized by Client to act for Client, whether or not referred to Client by DBSI, 
is/are not, and shall not be deemed agents of 013S1 and DBSI shall have no responsibility or liability to Client for any 
acts or omissions of such third party, or any officers, employees or agents thereof. 
24. No Legal, Tax or Accounting Advice. Client acknowledges and agrees that: (a) neither DBSI, nor Pershing, provide 
any legal, tax or accounting advice, (b) neither DBSI nor Pershing employees are authorized to give any such advice 
and (c) Client will not solicit such advice or rely upon such advice given in error, whether or not in connection with 
transactions in or for any of Client's Account(s). In making legal, tax or accounting decisions with respect to 
transactions in or for Client's Account(s) or any other matter, Client will consult with and rely upon Client's own 
advisers, and not 0851. Client acknowledges that D851 shall have no liability therefore. 
25. Limitation of Liability. Client agrees that, unless otherwise provided in any other agreement between Client and 
DBSI or under Applicable Law, DBSI shall not be liable for any loss to Client except in the case of DBSI's gross 
negligence or willful misconduct. DBSI shall not be liable for loss caused directly or indirectly by government 
restrictions, exchange or market rulings, suspension of trading, war, strikes, act of foreign or domestic terrorism or 
other conditions beyond DBSI's control. DBSI shall not be liable for any damages caused by equipment failure, 
communications line failure, unauthorized access, theft, systems failure and other occurrences beyond DBSI's control. 
26. Customer Inquiries/Customer Complaints. For general inquiries, Client will contact the Client Advisor or Branch 
Supervisor assigned to Client's Account(s) for questions or assistance on any matter relating to these Account(s). 
Client must direct all formal complaints against DBSI or any of its employees to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., 
Compliance Department - Client Inquiries, 60 Wall Street, 23rd Floor, Mail Stop NYC60-2330, New York, NY 
10005-2836 or Client may call {212) 250.1085. 
27. Entire Understanding. This Account Agreement contains the entire understanding between Client and DBSI 
conceming the subject matter of this Account Agreement and there are no oral or other agreements in conflict 
herewith. The Terms and Conditions of this Account Agreement shall apply to each and every account and, 
collectively, any and all funds, money, Securities and Other Property that Client has with DBSI and supersedes any 
prior Account Agreement Client may have signed with DBSI. Client acknowledges that Client may be required to 
enter into separate agreements with respect to products or services offered by or through 08SI or its affiliates. 
28. Right to Terminate or Amend. Client agrees that DBSI has the right to terminate this Account Agreement and close 
any related accounts or amend the Terms and Conditions of this Account Agreement at any time and for any reason 
by sending written notice of such termination or amendment to Client. Any such termination or amendment shall be 
effective as of the date that DBSI establishes. Client cannot waive, alter, modify or amend this Account Agreement 
unless agreed in writing and signed by DBSI. No failure or delay on the part of DBSI to exercise any right or power 
hereunder or to insist at any time upon strict compliance with any term contained in this Account Agreement, shall 
operate as a waiver of that right or power or term. 
29. Controlling Law. This Account Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in the State of New York and shall 
be construed, and the rights of the parties determined, in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and 
the United States, as amended, without giving effect to the choice of law or conflict-of-laws provisions thereof. 
30. Headings. Paragraph headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any 
provision of this Account Agreement. 
31. Assignment, Separability, Survivability. This Account Agreement shall be binding upon Client's heirs, executors, 
administrators, personal representatives and permitted assigns. It shall inure to the benefit of DBSI's successors and 
assigns, or any successor clearing broker, to whom DBSI may transfer Client's Account(s). 0BS1 may, without notice 
to Client, assign the rights and duties under this Account Agreement to any of its Affiliates, or to any other non-
affiliate entity upon written notice to Client. If any provision or condition of this Account Agreement shall be held to 
be invalid or unenforceable by any court, administrative agency or regulatory or self-regulatory agency or body, 
such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision or condition. The validity of the remaining 
provisions and conditions shall not be affected thereby and this Account Agreement shall be carried out as if any 
such invalid or unenforceable provision or condition were not contained herein. 
32. The provisions of this Account Agreement goveming arbitration (Section III). controlling law (Section 11.29) and 
limitation of liability {Section 11.25) will survive the termination of this Account Agreement. 
13-AWM.0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104339 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250523 
EFTA01449081

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449082.pdf
----------------------------------------
III. ARBITRATION 
1. 
This section of the Account Agreement contains the pre-dispute arbitration agreement between Client and DBSI and 
Pershing, as applicable, who agree as follows: 
a. All parties to this Account Agreement (being Client, DBSI and Pershing) are giving up the right to sue each other 
in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which a 
claim is filed, or as prohibited by Applicable Law; 
b. Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an 
arbitration award is very limited; 
c. The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited 
in arbitration than in court proceedings; 
d. The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for 
an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled 
hearing date; 
e. The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the 
securities industry; 
f. The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a 
claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court; and 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated 
into this Account Agreement. 
2. 
Subject to the preceding disclosure, Client agrees to arbitrate any controversies or disputes that may arise with 
DBSI or Pershing, whether based on events occurring prior to, on or subsequent to the date of this Account 
Agreement, and including any controversy arising out of or relating to any Account with DBSI, the construction, 
performance or breach of any agreement, or any duty arising from any agreement or other relationship with DBSI, to 
transactions with or through DBSI, or any controversy as to whether any issue is arbitrable. Any arbitration under 
this Account Agreement shall be determined only before an arbitration panel set up by FINRA in accordance with its 
arbitration procedures or an exchange of which DBSI is a member in accordance with the rules of that particular 
regulatory agency then in effect. Client may elect in the first instance whether arbitration shall be by FINRA or a 
specific national securities exchange of which DBSI is a member, but failure to make such election by registered 
letter to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Compliance Department - Attention: Director of Compliance, 60 Wall Street, 
23rd Floor, Mail Stop NYC60-2330, New York, NY 10005.2836 within five days after receipt of a written request 
from DBSI for such election, gives DBSI the right to elect the arbitration forum that will have jurisdiction over the 
dispute. Judgment upon arbitration awards may be entered in any court, state or federal, having jurisdiction. Any 
arbitration under this Account Agreement will be conducted pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act and the laws of 
the State of New York. 
3. 
Neither DBSI, Pershing nor Client(s) waive any right to seek equitable relief pending arbitration. No person shall 
bring a putative or certified class action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any pm-dispute arbitration agreement 
against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action or who is a member of a putative class who has 
not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until: (a) the class 
certification is denied, or (b) the class is decertified, or (c) the Client is excluded from the class by the court. Such 
forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement 
except to the extent stated herein. 
B. 
(THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
13-AWM-0198 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104340 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250524 
EFTA01449082

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449083.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449083.pdf
----------------------------------------
IV. TAX ELECTION/DECLARATION OF TAX STATUS 
This Account Agreement is designed for use by both U.S. Persons and Non-U.S. Persons. Please check the box next to the applicable item below. 
Client certifies that Client will notify OBS, in writing immediately if the representation certified to below ceases to be true and correct. 
1. 0 
U.S. Citizen or U.S. Resident Alien 
Form W9 
Substitute 
Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification 
usiness name/disregarded entity name, if 
erent from above 
appropriate box for federal tax classification (require 
Individual/sole proprietor 0 
C Corporation 0 
S Corporation 0 
Partnership 0 
Trust/estate 
O Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C=C corporation, 5=5 corporation, P=partnership) 
Other 
El Exempt payee 
MAI 
AA 
1104 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Port II 
Sign 
Here 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on the -Name" line 
to avoid backup withholding. For individuals, this is your social security number ISSN). For other 
entities, it is your employer identification number ION). 
ml 
r l n ifi 
i n 
im r 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me). and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: la) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service FIRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding, and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined in the instructions). 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding 
because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. 
2.0 Non-U.S. Person 
I am not a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien). I am submitting the applicable Form W8 with this form to certify my foreign status and. if applicable, 
claim tax treaty benefits. 
For example: Client is not a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien). Client agrees to provide OBSI with this application the applicable Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) Form W-8 to certify the client's foreign status. W-8 forms and instructions are available on the IRS website at www.irs.gov. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104341 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250525 
EFTA01449083

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449084.pdf
----------------------------------------
BY SIGNING BELOW CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT: (1) CLIENT HAS RECEIVED, READ AND AGREES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS 
ACCOUNT AGREEMENT. INCLUDING THE APPENDIX WHICH CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION; AND (2) THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS 
ACCOUNT APPLICATION IS ACCURATE. 
CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT CONTAINS A PREDISPUTE ARBITRATION CLAUSE AT SECTION III, PAGE 5, AND CLIENT 
AGREES TO ITS TERMS (AU. ACCOUNT AGREEMENT SIGNATORIES MUST INITIAL). 
WITIALHESF4 
THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE DOES NOT REQUIRE CLIENTS CONSENT TO ANY PROVISION OF THIS DOCUMENT OTHER THAN THE CERTIFICATION 
REQUIRED TO AVOID BACKUP WITHHOLDING. AND, IF APPLICABLE, THE CERTIFICATION REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH CUENT'S STATUS AS A NON-U.S. 
PERSON AND OBTAIN A REDUCED RATE OF WITHHOLDING. 
Important Information for ERISA employee benefit plan clients: U.S. Department of Labor regulations require DBSI to disclose to a responsible plan fiduciary 
certain information in connection with the services that DBSI provides to a plan, to assist the fiduciary in evaluating the reasonableness of DBSI's services and 
related compensation. The disclosure is available online, at http://www.pwm.db.comtamerkasierderisa_disclosure_pcs.html. By signing below, you acknowledge 
that you aro a fiduciary responsible for the procurement of DBSI's services to the plan, you have read the disclosure and you understand the disclosure. 
Individual or joint account (IF THIS IS A JOINT ACCOUNT, ALL ACCOUNT OWNERS MUST SIGN): 
CONFIRMATION OF TAX AND COMPLIANCE RESPONSIBILITIES 
Client acknowledges having sole responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable in any relevant jurisdictions that 
may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in Client's accounts) and business relationship with DBSI. 
CHECK A BOX BELOW ONLY IF CLIENTS DO NOT WANT JOINT TENANTS WITH RIGHTS OF SURVIVORSHIP OR TENANTS BY THE ENTIRETIES. 
CLIENTS SPECIFY INSTEAD: 
OTenants in common; or 
OCommunity Property (for married couples in certain states: each spouse retains 50% interest in the community property upon death of the first spouse).
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Signature 
Date  
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Corporation, partnership, trust or other entity: 
CONFIRMATION OF TAX AND COMPLIANCE RESPONSIBILITIES 
Client acknowledges having sole responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable to in any relevant jurisdictions 
that may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in Client's account(s) and business relationship with DBSI. Furthermore, Client confirms that the 
necessary information Ito the best of Client's knowledge and capabilities) is made available no less than annually to the relevant beneficial owner(s), settlorfs), 
beneficiaryfies). panner(sI, etc. to enable such person(s) to fulfill any respective tax obligations that may arise for such person(s) in connection with Client's 
business relationship with DIEM 
Name of Entity The Haze Trust 
Employer ID Nola 
ignature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
Print Name/Title 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trusteit.Authorized Party 
Dati 
IMITT.NNINACIRS• 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
 Date 
Print Name/Title 
13'AWM'0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104342 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250526 
EFTA01449084

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449085.pdf
----------------------------------------
APPENDIX TO THIS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT: DISCLOSURES AND DEFINITIONS 
IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS APPENDIX 
DISCLOSURES 
1. 
Confirmations. Confirmations of transactions, as well as other communications will be sent to the address Client 
has provided, or to such other address as Client may hereafter give to DBSI in writing, and all communications so 
sent, whether by mail, private carrier, facsimile, messenger, electronically or otherwise, shall be deemed delivered 
to Client when sent, whether actually received or not. 
2. Consent to Loan or Pledge of Securities and other Property. Within the limitations imposed by Applicable Law, all 
Securities and Other Property now or hereafter held, carried or maintained by or in the possession of DBSI that 
have not been fully paid for may be lent to DBSI, to Pershing or to others, and may be pledged, repledged, 
hypothecated or rehypothecated without notice to Client, either separately or in common with other Securities and 
Other Property of DBSI's other Clients for any amount due in any account with DBSI in which Client has an 
interest, or for any greater amount, and DBSI may do so without retaining in its possession or control for delivery a 
like amount of similar Securities and Other Property. Client understands that while securities held for Client's 
Account(s) are loaned out, Client will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. For additional terrns that apply 
to margin accounts only, see the Margin Addendum. Neither Pershing, nor DBSI, will lend or pledge fully paid for 
securities without Client's written permission. 
3. Corrected and Late Trade Reports. DBSI may receive late and/or erroneous trade reports from the marketplace 
where Client's order is executed. Any such reports may result in an adjustment to Client's order or the information 
on a trade execution reported to Client. 
4. Effect of Attachment or Sequestration of Accounts. DBSI shall not be liable for refusing to obey any orders given 
by or for Client with respect to any Account which is or has been subject to an attachment or sequestration in any 
legal proceeding against Client, and DBSI shall be under no obligation to contest the validity of any such 
attachment or sequestration. 
5. Foreign Securities. With respect to debt or equity securities of foreign issuers or debt or deposit instruments of 
foreign banks ("Foreign Securities"), Client acknowledges and understands that: (a) Foreign Securities are, in most 
cases, not registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission or listed on any U.S. securities exchange, (b) 
Foreign Securities, particularly those of issuers in the so-called "emerging markets" are often illiquid, are 
sometimes subject to legal and/or contractual transfer restrictions and it may be difficult or impossible to dispose 
of such Foreign Securities prior to the maturity thereof or to determine the market price thereof for valuation 
purposes, (c) Foreign Securities, and the issuer, guarantors or other obligors with respect thereto ("Foreign Issuers/ 
Obligors") are subject to a variety of risks in addition to those typically faced in the case of U.S. securities and 
issuers, including, among other things, currency risk, exchange controls, confiscatory taxation, withholding, 
limitations on the rights of security holders, civil unrest, hyperinflation, discriminatory treatment of foreign 
investors, etc., (d) there is often less information available regarding Foreign Issuers/Obligors, and such information 
may be more difficult to interpret, than is the case with U.S. issuers whose securities are subject to the periodic 
reporting requirements under U.S. securities laws, (e) there may be no effective means to determine if a Foreign 
Issuer/Obligor is in default of its obligations in respect of its debt securities or other financial obligations (and Client 
specifically acknowledges that Foreign Securities which Client purchases may be in default at the time of 
purchase), (f) Foreign Securities in question may be unrated, and (g) such Foreign Securities are not suitable for all 
investors. Client authorizes DBSI to purchase Foreign Securities (and, in the case of Foreign Securities 
denominated in foreign currencies, the relevant foreign currencies) from or sell Foreign Securities (and foreign 
exchange) to an Affiliate of DBSI. In dealing with such Affiliates, such Affiliates may take and retain their normal 
commissions, spreads or other fees without regard to DBSI's relationship with Client. 
6. Freeriding Prohibited (Not Applicable to Margin Accounts). Paying for the purchase of securities in a cash account 
with the proceeds of their subsequent sale, known as freeriding, violates Regulation T of the Federal Reserve 
Board, is prohibited and may, among other things, result in Client's Account being restricted or closed. 
7. Impartial Lottery Allocation System. When DBSI holds Securities and Other Property that are callable (all or in 
part) on Client's behalf, Client will participate in DBSI's impartial lottery allocation system for the called Securities 
and Other Property. 
8. Non-Investment Adviser Capacity. Unless DBSI agrees otherwise in wilting, DBSI is not acting as an Investment 
adviser (as such tennis defined in the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended) with respect to the Client's 
Account(s). 
9. Non-United States Resident Additional Disclosure and Understanding. This disclosure applies to non-United 
States residents and non-United States domiciled entities. Client's Account is based in the United States, and not 
in Client's country of residence. DBSI accounts, products and services may not have been registered, reviewed or 
approved by any govemmental, banking or securities regulator in Client's country of residence or domicile. Not all 
of DBSI accounts, products, services or investments are available to residents of all countries. Many countries 
have various laws, rules and regulations that may apply to opening and maintaining accounts, products or services 
outside Client's country of residence or domicile, including reporting and filing requirements and laws, rules and 
regulations regarding taxes, exchange or capital controls. Client is responsible for knowledge of and adherence to 
any such laws, rules and regulations and reporting or filing requirements in Client's country or domicile of 
residence that might apply as a result of Client's Account with DBSI in the United States. These may include but 
are not limited to, tax, foreign exchange or capital controls, and reporting or filing requirements that may apply as 
a result of Client's country of citizenship, domicile or residence. Client currently complies and will continue to 
comply with any such laws, rules, regulations and reporting or filing requirements as required by Client's country 
of citizenship, residence or domicile. 
a 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104343 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250527 
EFTA01449085

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449086.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449086.pdf
----------------------------------------
10. Notices. Notices and other communications may also be provided to Client verbally. Such notices and other 
communications left for Client on Client's answering machine, voice mail, electronic mail or otherwise, are 
considered to have been delivered to Client whether actually received or not. Transactions entered into Client's 
Account shall be confirmed by DBSI in writing where required by law or regulation. DBSI will not send separate 
confirmations for the following transactions: (a) dividends or distributions credited or reinvested, or transactions 
effected pursuant to a Dividend Reinvestment Plan, (b) shares of money market funds that are purchased or 
redeemed, or are part of the Cash Sweep Options, or (c) transactions effected pursuant to a periodic plan or an 
investment company plan. Client's periodic account statements will reflect these transactions. Notices concerning all 
matters related to Account(s) usually will go through DBSI although Pershing may send notices) directly to Client 
with a duplicate to DBSI should market conditions, time constraints or other circumstances so require. 
11. Possible Conflicts of Interest. Services and recommendations that DBSI provides to Client may differ from the 
services and recommendations provided to other Clients or by other individuals or groups at DBSI and/or affiliates of 
Deutsche Bank AG, whether acting as principal or agent. DBSI provides investment advice, portfolio management 
and execution services for many Clients and, in addition, acts as principal in various markets. Given these different 
roles, individuals and groups at DBSI and affiliates of Deutsche Bank AG are seldom of one view as to an investment 
strategy and may pursue differing or conflicting strategies. Employees of DBSI shall have no obligation to 
recommend to Client, or inform Client of, strategies being pursued by DBSI or other Clients. Further, (a) DBSI and its 
affiliates may provide services for a fee to or solicit business from companies whose securities are recommended by 
DBSI, (b) DBSI and its affiliates may be paid fees by investment companies registered under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 or other investment vehicles, including without limitation, fees for acting as investment 
advisor, administrator, custodian and transfer agent, and (c) DBSI and its affiliates act as brokers, principals and/or 
market makers in certain markets and may do so in transactions with Client. DBSI may recommend securities or 
strategies that are issued, underwritten, implemented or advised by DBSI or one or more of its affiliates. DBSI may 
receive compensation, in addition to the compensation Client pays DBSI, in the form of Rule 12b-1 fees, distribution 
fees, finder's fees, fees based upon fund management fees and cash or non-cash payments that are paid by mutual 
funds lout of fund assets in the case of Rule 12b-1 fees) or by the managers and other service providers to the funds 
(not out of fund assets). DBSI also participates in a program offered by Pershing, under which DBSI shares in 
revenue received by Pershing from mutual funds offered on the Pershing platform. All of these payments may vary 
based on sales volume or assets under management and may give DBSI a financial incentive to recommend certain 
funds or strategies and to include those funds in models and programs. In addition, DBSI may receive trail 
compensation in connection with sales of auction rate securities. 
12. Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). DBSI provides SIPC coverage through Pershing and/or as a 
member of SIPC. For additional information on this coverage see www.SlPC.org or call the SIPC public information 
number (201) 371.8300. Client will refer to the Annual Disclosure Statement, at http://www.pwm.db.com/americas/ 
en/annualdisclosurestatement.html for additional information regarding SIPC and excess of SIPC coverage. 
13. Tax-Exempt Entities. Charitable remainder trusts, foundations, pension plans and other tax-exempt entities may be 
deemed to receive unrelated business taxable income (UBTI) as a result of investing in certain securities, borrowing 
monies under a margin loan, investing in a partnership or limited liability company that generates UBTI or other 
leverage or loan arrangements. Tax-exempt entities should consult with their tax adviser before making an 
investment or entering into such arrangement. If Client's periodic Account Statement indicates that any Securities 
were forwarded to Client and Client has not received them, Client should notify DBSI immediately. If notification is 
received within 120 days after the mailing date, as reflected on Client's Account Statement, replacement will be 
made free of charge. Thereafter, a fee for replacement may apply. 
DEFINITIONS 
The following are definitions of certain terms that are used within this Account Agreement. As required, the singular shall 
be plural and the plural shall be singular. 
1. 
"Account Agreement" means the written agreement entered into between Client(s) and DBSI regarding Client's)' 
Account(s). The Account Agreement includes the Terms and Conditions, Arbitration, Tax Election/Declaration of Tax 
Status, and the Appendix to the Account Agreement, as well as any other applicable disclosure documents related to 
Client's Account(s), together with any amendments or supplements to such documents. There may be disclosures, 
agreements and terms applicable to a particular feature, program, account or service provided as a result of a Client 
election, modification of or addition to the Account Agreement, change in service or otherwise. DBSI will provide to 
Client such disclosures, agreements and terms, which shall be incorporated into this Account Agreement by 
reference. From time to time, DBSI may require that Client sign other agreements or documents for certain services 
or instructions and such additional agreements and documents shall become part of this Account Agreement. 
2. 
"Affiliate(s)" means any entity that is controlled by, controls or is under common control with DBSI. DBSI is a 
subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. Each affiliate is a separate legal entity. 
3. 
"Applicable Law* means the constitution, rules, regulations, customs and usages of the exchange or market, and its 
clearing house, if any, where a transaction is executed and applicable federal and state laws and regulations, 
including but not limited to securities laws and regulations (including the rules and regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board or foreign securities regulator, as applicable), and the rules 
and regulations of FINRA, or any other self-regulatory agencies or organizations having governing authority to a 
transaction in an Account in effect from time to time. 'Applicable Law" shall also include the rules of any national 
securities association, registered securities exchange or of the Options Clearing Corporation or other clearing 
organization applicable to the trading of option contracts. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104344 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250528 
EFTA01449086

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449087.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449087.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARGIN DISCLOSURE 
IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS MARGIN DISCLOSURE PRIOR TO OPENING A MARGIN ACCOUNT AND 
RETAIN A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (DBSI) is furnishing this document to you, the Client, to provide some basic facts about 
purchasing securities on margin, and to alert you to the risks involved with trading securities in a margin account. Before 
trading in securities in a margin account please review this Margin Disclosure carefully (which is to be read in 
conjunction with the entire Account Agreement). Please call your Client Advisor with any questions or concerns 
regarding the use of margin. 
When you purchase securities, you may pay for the securities in full or you may borrow pan of the purchase price from 
DBSI (via a margin loan offered by Pershing). You may also borrow for purposes other than the purchase of securities 
based on the value of fully paid securities held in the Account. If you choose to borrow funds from DBSI, you must open 
a margin account and sign the attached Margin Agreement along with the Account Agreement. If the securities in your 
account decline in value, so does the value of the collateral supporting your loan, and, as a result, DBSI can take action, 
such as issuing a margin call and/or selling securities or other assets in any of your accounts (as provided in the Margin 
Agreement) in order to maintain the required equity in the account. 
It is important to fully understand the risks involved in trading securities on margin. These risks include the following: 
1. 
You can lose more funds than you deposit in the Margin Account. A decline in the value of securities that are 
purchased on margin may require you to provide additional funds to DBSI to avoid the forced sale of those 
securities or other securities or assets in your account(s). 
2. DBSI can force the sale of securities or other assets in your account(s). If the equity in your account falls below 
the maintenance margin requirements, or DBSI's higher "house" requirements, DBSI can sell the securities or other 
assets in any of your accounts held at DBSI to cover the margin deficiency. You also will be responsible for any 
shortfall in the account after such a sale, including costs and interest accrued. 
3. DBSI can sell your securities or other assets without contacting you. Some investors mistakenly believe that a 
firm must contact them for a margin call to be valid, and that the firm cannot liquidate securities or other assets in 
their accounts to meet the call unless the firm has contacted them first. This is not the case. Generally, DBSI does 
attempt to notify its Clients of margin calls, but it is not required to do so. However, even if DBSI has contacted a 
Client and provided a specific date by which the Client can meet a margin call, DBSI can still take necessary steps to 
protect its financial interests, including immediately selling the securities without notice to the Client. 
4. 
You are not entitled to choose which securities or other assets in your account(s) are liquidated or sold to meet a 
margin call. Because the securities are collateral for the margin loan, DBSI has the right to decide which security to 
sell in order to protect its interests. 
5. DBSI can increase its "house" maintenance margin requirements at any time and is not required to provide you 
advance written notice. These changes in firm policy often take effect immediately and may result in the issuance 
of a maintenance margin call. Your failure to satisfy the call may cause DBSI to liquidate or sell securities in 
your accounts►• 
6. 
You are not entitled to an extension of time on a margin call. While an extension of time to meet margin 
requirements may be available to clients under certain conditions, a client does not have a right to the extension. 
7. 
Short Sales are margin transactions and involve the risks described above. A short sale means any sale of 
securities that you do not own or which are borrowed for your account ("Short Sales"). Because short sales are 
margin transactions, such transactions are subject to the same risks and terms and conditions of margin transactions. 
8. 
DBSI and/or Pershing may loan any securities which collateralize your margin loan. Securities held in a margin 
account may be lent, to DBSI, to Pershing or to others, and may be pledged, repledged, hypothecated or 
rehypothecated by DBSI and/or Pershing, without notice to you. DBSI and/or Pershing may do so without retaining 
in its possession or control for delivery a like amount of similar Securities and Other Property and in doing so, are 
authorized to retain certain benefits, including interest on your collateral posted for such loans. While your securities 
are loaned out, you will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. Pershing and/or DBSI may receive 
compensation in connection with these transactions. For additional information on rehypothecation, please refer to 
the Margin Addendum. 
13-AWMO196 
012145O32813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104348 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250530 
EFTA01449087

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449088.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449088.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARGIN ADDENDUM TO ACCOUNT AGREEMENT 
READ AND SIGN BELOW TO OPEN A MARGIN ACCOUNT. 
Supplemental Terms and Conditions that Apply to Client Margin Account 
Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein or in the Margin Disclosures shall have the meaning specified in the 
Account Agreement and/or its Appendix annexed thereto. 
By signing this Agreement Client agrees to be bound by the Terms and Conditions in this Margin Addendum as well as 
those terms and conditions contained in the Account Agreement all of which are incorporated herein by reference. 
1. Mechanics and Risks of Margin. Client represents that Client understands the mechanics and risks of using margin 
as explained in the attached Margin Disclosure which is incorporated herein by reference. 
2. Financing. Client understands that the margin transactions in the Account may be financed by Pershing or DBSI. 
3. Interest and Costs. Client agrees to pay interest on all sums borrowed and other balances due and costs incurred by 
Deutsche Bank in maintaining the Margin Account on Client's behalf. DBSI will deduct all interest charges from 
Client's Account. Interest charges will be reflected on Client's account statement. For additional information on 
interest charges, please refer to the Annual Disclosure Statement at http://www.pwm.db.com/americaslen/ 
annualdisclosurestatement.html. To obtain the current schedule of rates visit: http://pwm.db.com/pwm/en/ 
alexbrown_legal_overview.html and click on "DBAB Call Rate" or contact the Client Advisor. 
4. Client's Margin Loan Is a Demand Loan. As such, DBSI or Pershing has the right to demand at any time the 
immediate payment of all or any portion of a margin balance. 
5. Liens. Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other 
Property in the possession or control of DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest (held 
individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and Other Properly are referred to herein as "DB 
Collateral") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its Affiliates or 
Pershing (collectively, all such obligations are referred to herein as the 'DB Obligations"). Client further grants to 
Pershing a security interest in and lien (the "Pershing Lien") upon all Securities and Other Property held in Client's 
Margin Account(s) and any associated cash account(s) (*Margin Collateral") to secure the indebtedness or any other 
obligation of Client to Pershing in this Margin Account (the "Margin Obligations"). Clients who are joint account 
holders (Joint Accountholders) acknowledge and agree that DB Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property 
held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates (whether 
individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any and all DB Obligations of each Joint Accountholder to DBSI 
and its Affiliates. With respect to the lien granted to DBSI and its Affiliates, DBSI (or Pershing, at DBSI's instruction) 
may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal 
with any or all such DB Collateral in order to satisfy any DB Obligations. In enforcing this lien, DBSI shall have the 
discretion to determine which Securities and Other Property to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. With respect 
to the Pershing Lien, Pershing may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or 
otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all Margin Collateral in order to satisfy any Margin Obligations. In enforcing 
this Pershing lien, Pershing shall have the discretion to determine what and how much Margin Collateral to apply for 
the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to grant an interest in 
any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c)(1)(8) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 406(a)(i)(B) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement account(s) maintained by DBSI, which 
may include IRAs or qualified plans, are not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property may only be 
used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to Client's retirement account(s)• 
6. Consent to Loan or Pledge of Securities and Other Property. Within the limitations imposed by Applicable Law, all 
Securities and Other Property now or hereafter held, carried or maintained by or in the possession of DBSI that have 
not been fully paid for, or are held in a margin account as collateral for a margin loan, may be lent to DBSI, to 
Pershing or to others, and may be pledged, repledged, hypothecated or rehypothecated by DBSI and/or Pershing 
without notice to Client, either separately or in common with other securities, commodities and other property of 
DBSI's or Pershing's other clients for any amount due in any account with DBSI in which Client has an interest, or 
for any greater amount, and DBSI and/or Pershing may do so without retaining in its possession or control for 
delivery a like amount of similar Securities and Other Property. Client understands that while securities held for 
Client's Account(s) are loaned out, Client will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. Margin securities in 
Client's account may be used for, among other things, settling short sales and lending the securities for short sales. 
As a result, Pershing and/or DBSI may receive compensation in connection with these transactions. Neither 
Pershing, nor DBSI, will lend or pledge fully paid for securities without Client's written permission. 
7. Margin Maintenance, Calls for Additional Collateral, Liquidations and Covering Short Positions. In order to engage 
in margin transactions, Client will be required to maintain such Securities and Other Property in Client's Margin 
Account(s) for margin purposes as shall be required under Applicable Law or otherwise by DBSI or Pershing for any 
reason. Client may be required to post, deposit or maintain additional collateral at any time. In addition to the rights 
otherwise set forth in this Agreement, DBSI and Pershing also shall have the right to liquidate any Securities and 
Other Property held in the Margin Account whenever DBSI or Pershing deems it necessary for its protection. 
Circumstances that may result in collateral calls or liquidations include, but are not limited to, the failure to promptly 
meet any call for additional collateral, the filing of a petition in bankruptcy, the appointment of a receiver by or 
against Client, or the attachment or levy against any account with DBSI in which Client has an interest. 
1340.NM-0196 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104347 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250531 
EFTA01449088

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449089.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449089.pdf
----------------------------------------
The rights of DBSI and Pershing shall include the right to buy all Securities and Other Property which may be short 
in such account, to cancel any open orders and to close any or all outstanding contracts, all without demand for 
margin or additional margin, notice of sale or purchase or other notice or advertisement, each of which is expressly 
waived. Upon a default, Client will also bear the cost of preserving the value of collateral, including hedging 
transactions that may be executed at DBSI or Pershing's discretion. Any sales or purchases hereunder may be made 
at on any exchange or other market where such business is usually transacted, or at public auction or private sale, 
and DBSI or Pershing may be the purchaser for its own account. Client understands that any prior demand, or call or 
prior notice of the time and place of such sale or purchase shall not be considered a waiver of the right to sell or buy 
without demand or notice as provided herein. Client further understands and agrees that if DBSI or Pershing permits 
Client a period of time in which to satisfy a call, the granting of that period of time shall not in any way waive or 
diminish the right of DBSI or Pershing to shorten the time period in which Client must satisfy the call, including an 
outstanding call, or to demand that a call be satisfied immediately. Client further understands that liquidations may 
involve sales of positions in Client's Accounts) that are as great as the full indebtedness owed by Client. 
8. 
Reg T Extensions. Client authorizes DBSI, at its discretion, to request and obtain extensions) of Client's time to 
make payment for securities Client purchases, as provided for by Federal Reserve Bank Regulation T. 
9. Short Sales of Securities. Client understands that before executing a Short Sale, DBSI or Pershing is generally 
required to make an affirmative determination as to whether DBSI or Pershing will receive delivery of the securities 
from the Client or that the securities can be borrowed by the settlement date. This process is commonly referred to 
as 'obtaining a locate." If a sufficient quantity of securities is not available from inventory, DBSI or Pershing may, 
among other things, contact third-party lenders to ascertain whether they have securities available for lending. If a 
sufficient quantity of securities appears borrowable, DBSI or Pershing may proceed to execute the short sate on 
Client's behalf. A locate is simply an indication that, as of the time the locate is obtained, it appears that securities 
will be available for borrowing on the settlement date. A locate is not a guarantee that securities will actually be 
available for lending and delivery on the settlement date or that the lender will not thereafter require the return of 
the borrowed securities. tf the securities are not available for borrowing for any reason by the settlement date, Client 
(as the seller) will "fail to deliver" to the purchaser. In that circumstance, a buy-in of the securities that were not 
timely delivered will occur on the moming of the third business day after normal settlement date and Client will be 
responsible for all losses and costs of the buy-in. See 'Mandatory Close-Out of Short Sales" below. Client is 
ultimately responsible for the delivery of securities on the settlement date and for the consequences of a failure to 
deliver and the timely return of securities borrowed on Client's behalf including any losses incurred by DBSI or 
Pershing relating to such short sales. Short positions will be "marked to the market" weekly. If the aggregate value 
of all securities sold by Client appreciates, an amount equal to such appreciation will be transferred from Client's 
Margin Account to Client's short Account resulting in a debit entry in the Margin Account. If the aggregate value of 
all the securities sold short depreciates, an amount equal to such decline will be transferred from the cash account 
to the Margin Account resulting in a credit entry in the Margin Account. The closing price from the previous 
business day is used to determine any appreciation or depreciation in the market value of any security sold short. 
Please note, from time to time, DBSI or Pershing may be prohibited from effecting a short sale in accordance with 
Applicable Law whether or not a "locate" is obtained. 
10. Mandatory Close-Out of Short Sales. Applicable Law generally requires that short sales of equity securities be 
closed by no later than the beginning of regular trading hours on the first business day following the settlement date 
if delivery of the securities has not occurred. The close-out is effected by DBSI or Pershing purchasing the securities 
for cash or guaranteed delivery of like kind and quantity. The requirement generally applies to undelivered equity 
securities that, on the date of the short sale, appeared on the "restricted list' of FINRA or a national securities 
exchange of which DBSI or Pershing is a member (i.e. those securities that have a clearing short position of 10.000 
shares or more and that are equal to at least 1/2 of 1% of the issue's total shares outstanding) ("Threshold 
Securities"). DBSI or Pershing will be required to effect a close-out mandated by Applicable Law whether or not a 
"locate" was obtained and whether or not a buy-in notice was issued by a purchaser or securities lender. 
11. Tax Treatment of Earnings on Pledged Municipal Securities. Client will consult with a tax adviser prior to 
depositing municipal securities to satisfy margin requirements as there may be tax consequences of doing so. 
12. Rehypothecation and Tax Treatment of Payments in Lieu of Dividends. The Internal Revenue Code generally 
provides that, subject to certain requirements, dividends paid to a U.S. individual shareholder from domestic 
corporations and certain foreign corporations are subject to tax at the reduced rates applicable to long-term capital 
gains. Payments in lieu of dividends are not eligible for the reduced rate of tax for dividends and are taxed at 
ordinary income tax rates. DBSI and Pershing have the right to rehypothecate margined shares in Client's Margin 
Account. Accordingly, Client hereby agrees that Client's Account may receive payments in lieu of dividends, which 
unlike actual dividends are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Client further agrees that neither DBSI nor Pershing 
shall be responsible to Client for any additional taxes or other costs Client incurs for receipt of such payments in lieu 
of dividends. Client also agrees to consult with Client's tax adviser if Client has any questions relating to payments 
in lieu of dividends. 
13. Additional Risks. The use of margin may enable Client to increase the size of the trades and/or volume of trading in 
the account which may result in an increase in the amount of commissions being paid to DBSI or Pershing by Client. 
14. Restricted Securities. Client will not post Restricted Securities as collateral for margin transactions without the prior 
approval of DBSI. 
15. Collection Remedies. DBSI reserves the right to assert any other remedies available under Applicable Law to collect 
any and all amount(s) due to DBSI or Pershing. 
16. Receipt of Margin Disclosure. Client hereby acknowledges receipt of the Margin Disclosure and Client 
acknowledges Client's understanding of and agreement to the contents thereof. 
13-AWM-0198 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104348 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250532 
EFTA01449089

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449090.pdf
----------------------------------------
BY SIGNING BELOW, CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT CLIENT HAS RECEIVED, READ AND AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THIS MARGIN 
AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE MARGIN DISCLOSURE. 
This Agreement is subject to the Pre-Dispute Arbitration Clause in Section III, page 5, of the Account Agreement. 
Account Number 
Individual or joint account (IF THIS IS A JOINT ACCOUNT. ALL ACCOUNT OWNERS MUST SIGN): 
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
_ 
SSWEIN 
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
 SSN/EIN  
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Corporation, partnership, trust or other entity: 
CONRIIMABan 
If this is an agreement for a trust. other fiduciary account or other non-natural person's) account, the authorized person hereby certifies and represents that 
the use of a margin account and specifically the borrowing, lending and pledging of Securities and Other Property as described herein and in the Margin 
Section is in accordance with and authorized by the provisions of the trust or other instrument and Applicable Law governing the trust or other entity. 
The Haze Trust 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
Date 
Print Name/Title  
FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
Branch Manager approval for margin accounts: Signature 
 Date 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
13-AWM-0198 
012145532813 
DB-SDNY-0104349 
SDNY_GM_00250533 
EFTA01449090

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449091.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449091.pdf
----------------------------------------
Optional Form: 
Consent to Electronic Delivery of Materials and Communications 
Please read, complete, sign, date, and return the next page if you wish to permit Deutsche Bank to send you 
Materials and Communications listed on the form by electronic means in lieu of hard copy. This is an optional 
form. You may revoke your consent to electronic delivery at any time without charge by sending a written 
request to your account representative. 
13-AWM-0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104350 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250534 
EFTA01449091

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449092.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
DBTCA Deposit Account Opening Application 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Personal Accounts 
K 
Checking Acct. # 
K 
Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
K 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
(DBTCA deposit account required, 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
Private Wealth Premiums" 
Internet Banking Services 
K 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus 
K 
Link to Existing Online Relationship 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Business Accounts 
K 
Checking Met. # 
K Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
K Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
IDBTCA deposit account required. 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
K 
Cash Master Sweep Account 
Checking Acct. # 
(User/Co. ID Number) 
Client Relationship 
K Individual Account 
K Joint Tenants with Right 
of Survivorship 
K Joint Tenants in Common 
K In Trust For/Payable on 
Death/As Trustee for 
K Trust 
K Estate 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Banking Services 
K 
Consumer Debit Card # 
K 
Joint Applicant Debit Card # 
K Business Debit Card # 
K 
Deluxe Checkbook Style # 
K 
Name Only 
K 
Name and Address 
K Duplicate Statement 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
K 
Mailing address (if different) 
Name 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Target Amount 
Trigger Amount 
K Custody under NY UTMA 
K Foundation 
K Non-Profit Organization 
K Attorney Trust Escrow 
K Landlord Master Escrow 
K Corporation 
K Limited Liability Company 
K Partnership 
K Limited Liability Partnership 
13-AWM -0101 
NAOSOD00014541-000102935 
013959.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250536 
DB-SDNY-0104352 
EFTA01449092

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449093.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449093.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Title and Joint Application Information 
The Haze Trust 
Name of Account Title 
(last name, first name, middle initial) or Business 
Joint Applicant 
(last name. first name, middle initial) 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
Address 
Address 
St, Thomas 
U.S. Virain Isla) 00802  
City. State and Zip Code 
City, State and Zip Code 
Home Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
Date of Birth 
Name of Employer 
Address 
City, State and Zip Code 
Not applicable 
Home Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
Date of Birth 
Name of Employer 
Address 
City, State and Zip Code 
Notice of Customer Identification Policy 
Important Information 
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who establishes an account, investment or 
other business relationship with a financial institution. This means that we will ask for your name, address, and other 
information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see identifying documents such as a certificate of 
formation or good standing (legal entities) or a passport or other photo identification (individuals). 
3rd EU Notice 
Governmental rules have also broadened the scope of the Bank's obligations to aid in the fight against money laundering 
and terrorist financing; these rules call for an active involvement of both asset management firms and their clients. For 
new and existing clients we currently have a legal obligation to ask our customers questions regarding their identities, 
addresses, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, beneficial owners or control 
structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, enhanced anti•money laundering 
requirements require that should any of the above personal or institutional information change, our clients would be 
obliged to immediately notify us of the change(s) and provide us with relevant documentation to verify these changes. 
Telephone, Facsimile or Email Instructions 
By signing below, you agree that from time to time you may give instructions by telephone, facsimile or email regarding 
the above captioned account(s) (defined herein as "Verbal Instructions"). It is understood that the risk of Verbal 
Instructions being given by person or persons purported to be you is your own. Absent the gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of 0eusche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA), you agree to indemnify and hold harmless DBTCA for 
any claims, losses, expenses, costs or attorneys' fees resulting from DBTCA's acting upon such misunderstood and 
unauthorized Verbal Instructions. You understand that DBTCA may, but shall not be required to, seek verification of your 
verbal, facsimile or email instructions by call back. In case of doubt, DBTCA may in its sole discretion refuse to execute 
your Verbal Instructions or any part thereof, without incurring any liability. DBTCA is under no obligation to execute your 
Verbal Instructions to transfer funds or securities to any account(s) without written instructions bearing your original 
signature. 
Joint Account Disclosure 
You have opened a joint account with DBTCA and acknowledge receipt of the following information: This deposit and any 
additions to the account shall become the property of each owner as joint tenants, and DBTCA may release the entire 
account to any owner during the lifetime of all owners. DBTCA may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from 
any owner during the lifetime of all owners. The Bank may be required by service of legal process to remit funds held in 
the joint account to satisfy a judgment entered against, or other valid debt incurred by, any owner of the account. DBTCA 
may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s) and may treat the 
account as the sole property of the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s). Unless DBTCA receives written notice 
signed by any owner not to pay or deliver any joint deposit or addition or accrual. DBTCA shall not be liable to any owner 
for continuing to honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from any owner. After the receipt of the notice referred to 
in the previous sentence, DBTCA may require the written authorization of any or all joint owners for any further payments 
or deliveries. 
13-AVVM-0101 
013959.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104353 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250537 
EFTA01449093

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449094.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, by and through its authorized officer, has caused this instrument to be 
executed on the date listed below. 
(FOR BUSINESS USERS] 
The Haze Trust 
Business Name 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Name/fitle 
Signature 
Date 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS 
By 
Print Name/Tide 
Date 
[FOR ALL OTHER USERS] 
Account Namo 
NameMtle 
Signature 
Date 
WM I 31667 
010198080613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104355 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250539 
EFTA01449094

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449095.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449095.pdf
----------------------------------------
Barcode_Num 
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus Account Opening Application 
Ar 
Client Information 
The Haze Trust 
ClienVCompany Name 
Online Contact Name 
The Haze Trust 
Title 
Address 
St, Thomas 
City 
Phone Number 
U.S. Virgin Islands 
00802 
State 
Zip Code 
Email address 
Accounts and Services (please check services for each account) 
Balance & 
Account 
Activitiy 
Book 
Number 
Reporting 
Transfer 
K 
Bill Pay 
K 
ACH 
K 
Wire 
Positive Pay 
Transfer 
(Fees Apply) 
K 
Account 
Reconciliation 
(Fess Apply) 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
ACH Daily Limit $ 
Wire Transfer Daily Limit $ 
The ACM Daily Unit is the daily aggregate dollar amount of ACM transactions (payments and 
collections) you may send through Private Wealth Online Plus. The Wire Transfer Daily Limit is the 
daily aggregate dollar amount of wire transfers you may transmit through Private Wealth Online Plus. 
Note: By signing below, you acknowledge and agree that Deutsche Bank wIll make reasonable efforts to adhere to the ACH Daily Limit and Wire Transfer 
Daily Limit set forth herein. but shall have no obligation to do so. Further. you acknowledge and agree that, in accordance with the terms of the Internet 
Banking Services Agreement. Deutsche Bank may place land adjust) daily dollar limits on the amount that may be transferred at any time, and from time to 
time, for any reason or for no reason. 
Wire Transfer Security Code (Optional) Alpha Numeric Security Code 6-25 characters 
Security Code 
If I have selected to receive Internet Banking Services, I understand that I will 
be required to enter a separate Internet Banking Services Agreement with 
Deutsche Bank before I can access the Internet Banking Service. 
Account Holder's Signature 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Print Name 
Date 
Note: Access to DB Insight is the recommended portal to DB Private Wealth Online 
For Office Use Only: 
Primary Officer: 
Secondary Officer: 
Prepared by: 
Date: 
Approved by 
Wealth Advisor. 
Date: 
NAOSOD00014541-000102935 
13-AWM.0135 009614.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104356 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250540 
EFTA01449095

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449096.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449096.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
The Naze Trust 
Account Holder Title 
Account Number 
K Individual 
K fTF/PODIATF• K COMMA., 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Pennershlp 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Corporation 
Required: 
K Other: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
For ITFIPOD/ATF See Supplomen al arms and Conditions 
I III 
Date of Power of Attorney 
13AWM4:069 
NAOSOD00014541-000102936 
006678 092913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104357 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250541 
EFTA01449096

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449097.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449097.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
The Naze Trust 
Account Holder Title 
Account Number 
K Individual 
K fTF/PODIATF• K COMMA., 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Pennershlp 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Corporation 
Required: 
K Other: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
For ITFIPOD/ATF See Supplomen al arms and Conditions 
I III 
Date of Power of Attorney 
13AWM4:069 
NAOSOD00014541-000102936 
006678 092913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104358 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250542 
EFTA01449097

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449098.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449098.pdf
----------------------------------------
4. The undersigned will provide DBSI with any requested documents relating to the Trust. 
5. The undersigned will comply with all restrictions upon their powers as Trustees as stated in the Trust Instrument, including 
obtaining all required consents or authorizations. 
6. The undersigned will notify DBSI promptly in writing of any events or amendments to the Trust Instrument which alter or in 
any way affect the accuracy or truth of the representations set forth in this Authorization. DBSI may rely upon this 
Authorization as continuing in full effect unless and until it receives written notice from the undersigned of any changes. 
The undersigned jointly and severally agree to indemnify and hold harmless DBSI, its employees and agents, from and against 
any and all liabilities, judgments, claims, settlements, losses, damages, obligations and expenses, including reasonable fees of 
counsel, arising from or related to any representations in this agreement or any acts or omissions concerning the Trust by any of 
the Trustees. 
Very truly yours. 
EOM 
Signature:  
Signature: 
Print Name: 
Print Name: 
Address: 
Address: 
Date: 
Date: 
09.PWM-0681 COM 2105/111 TRST 
006432.051811 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104360 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250544 
EFTA01449098

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449099.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449099.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Account Agreement 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
Address 
St. Thomas 
U.S.V.I 
00802 
trar 
Account Title (Complete if different from the Client above) 
Account Number(s) 
IMPORTANT: PLEASE SIGN AND RETURN THIS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT 
This is the account agreement (Account Agreement) between Client and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred to herein 
as "DBSI"). It includes the terms and conditions and is the contract that controls each brokerage account in which Client 
has an interest (each an "Account"). Client agrees to read this Account Agreement and the Appendix to this Account 
Agreement: Disclosures and Definitions ("Appendix") carefully. If Client is not willing to be bound by these terms and 
conditions, Client should not sign this Account Agreement. Client's signature confirms that Client has read and agrees to 
the terms of this Account Agreement and the Appendix annexed hereto. 
I. CLIENT REPRESENTATIONS 
Client certifies that all of the information provided by Client in this Account Agreement is accurate and complete and 
that each of the following statements is accurate as to Client and Client's Account: 
a. Where Client is a natural person, Client is of legal age; 
b. For all accounts: (a) no one except the person(s) named on the Account(s), or, if signed in a representative 
capacity, then no one except the beneficial owner(s), has any interest in the Account(s), (b) Client is and will 
remain compliant with all Applicable Laws, (c) Client is financially capable of satisfying any obligations 
undertaken through Client's Account(s), (d) Client acknowledges that the purchase and sale of securities entails 
substantial economic risk, and represents knowingly and willingly that Client can assume such risk and (e) Client 
has read and understands the terms set forth in this Account Agreement and those agreements or supplements 
incorporated by reference and understands that Client is bound by such terms; 
c. Client agrees to notify us in writing if: (a) Client is or becomes an employee, member or immediate family 
member of any securities exchange (or corporation of which any exchange owns a majority of the capital stock). 
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) or of any broker-dealer, (b) Client is or becomes a senior 
officer or immediate family member of such a person of any bank, savings and loan institution, insurance 
company, investment company, investment advisory firm or institution that purchases securities, or other 
employer whose consent is required to open and maintain this Account by regulation or otherwise, unless such 
consent has been provided to DEM. 
Client will promptly notify DBSI in writing if any of the above circumstances change. 
II. TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO CLIENTS ACCOUNT(S) 
The following terms and conditions govern Client's Account(s): 
1. Rights of DBSI. All rights granted to DBSI under this Account Agreement are granted with the understanding that it 
shall be within the sole discretion of DBSI whether, and in what manner, to exercise such rights. The failure of DBSI 
to exercise any right granted under this Account Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such right or any other 
right granted hereunder. DBSI retains the right to delegate to its agent, including its clearing agent, Pershing LLC 
(Pershing), one or more of DBSI's rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Client. 
2. Cash Account. OBS' will classify each Account as a cash brokerage account. DBSI must separately approve the 
opening of a margin account (Margin Account) and Client must separately sign the Margin Agreement. 
3. Order Execution. Orders for the purchase or sale of assets may be routed to or executed through any exchange, market 
or broker that DBS1 selects. 
4. Rules and Regulations. All transactions in Account(s) shall be conducted in accordance with and subject to 
Applicable Law. 
13-AWM-0198 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104361 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250545 
EFTA01449099

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449100.pdf
----------------------------------------
5. Purchase of Securities. DBSI requires that cash accounts contain sufficient funds to settle a transaction, but has the 
right to accept an order without sufficient funds with the understanding that Client will submit payment on or before 
settlement date for each security purchased. DBSI retains the right to cancel or liquidate any order accepted and/or 
executed without prior notice to Client, if DBSI does not receive payment by settlement date. Alternatively, upon 
Client's failure to pay for purchased and settled securities, DBSI has the right to sell Securities and Other Property 
held in any of Client's Account(s), and charge to Client any loss resulting therefrom. 
6. Sale of Securities. Client agrees that in a cash account: (a) Client will not sell any Security before it is paid for, (b) 
Client will own each security sold at the time of sale, (c) unless such security is already held in the Account, Client 
will promptly deliver such security thereto on or before settlement date, (d) Client will promptly make full cash 
payment of any amount which may become due in order to meet necessary requests for additional deposits and (e) 
with respect to any Securities and Other Property sold, Client will satisfy any mark to the market deficiencies. Client 
must affect all Short Sales in a margin account and designate these sales as -short." All other sales will be 
designated as "long" and will be deemed to be owned by Client. In the event that DBSI enters an order to sell 
Securities and Other Property that Client represents Client owns, but which are not held in the Account at the time of 
sale, and Client fails to make delivery by settlement date, DBSI has the right to purchase or borrow any Securities 
and Other Property necessary to make the required delivery. Client agrees to compensate DBSI for any loss or cost, 
including interest, commission or fees sustained as a result of the foregoing. DBSI charges interest on unpaid 
balances in cash accounts from the close of business on settlement date. See the Annual Disclosure Statement, at 
hup://www.pwm.db.com/americas/en/annualdisclosurestatement.html for additional information on interest charges. 
7. Restrictions on Trading. DBSI has the right to prohibit or restrict Client's ability to trade Securities and Other 
Property, or to substitute securities in Client's Account. 
8. Restricted Securities. Client will not buy, sell or pledge any Restricted Securities without DBSI's prior written 
approval. Prior to placing any order for Restricted Securities subject to Rule 144 or 145 of the Securities Act of 1933, 
Client must identify the status of the securities and furnish DBSI with the necessary documents (including opinions 
of legal counsel, if requested) to obtain approval to transfer and register these securities. DBSI will not be liable for 
any delays in the processing of these securities or for any losses caused by these delays. DBSI has the right to 
decline to accept an order for these securities until the transfer and registration of such securities has been approved. 
9. Order Placement and Cancellation/Modification Requests. When Client verbally places a trade with a Client 
Advisor, Client will be bound to the oral confirmation repeated back to Client, unless Client objects at the time of the 
order. Client understands that requests to cancel/modify an order that DBSI accepts are on a best efforts basis only. 
10. Aggregation of Orders and Average Prices. Client authorizes DBSI to aggregate orders for Client Account(s) with 
other orders. Client recognizes that in so doing, Client may receive an average price for orders that may differ from 
the price(s) Client may have received had the orders not been aggregated. Client understands that this practice may 
also result in orders being only partially completed. 
11. Transmission of Instructions. Client understands and accepts responsibility for the transmission of instructions to 
OBSI and will bear the risk of loss arising from the method of transmission used in the event of transmission errors, 
misunderstandings, impersonations, transmission by unauthorized persons, forgery or intercepts. Except in the case 
of gross negligence, Client agrees to release and indemnify DBSI, its affiliates, employees and directors from any 
and all liability arising from the execution of transactions based on such instructions. 
12. Role of Certain Third Parties. DBSI engages a third-party clearing agent, Pershing. Client understands that Pershing 
is the custodian of Client's assets, clears and settles all transactions, and extends credit on any margin purchases, 
where applicable. Client further understands that Pershing may accept from DBSI, without inquiry or investigation: (i) 
orders for the purchase or sale of Securities and Other Property on margin or otherwise, and (ii) any other 
instructions concerning Account(s). Client further understands that the contract between DBSI and Pershing, and the 
services rendered thereunder, are not intended to create a joint venture, partnership or other form of business 
organization of any kind. Pershing shall not be responsible or liable to Client for any acts or omissions of DBSI or its 
employees. Pershing does not provide investment advice, nor offer any opinion on the suitability of any transaction 
or order. DBSI is not acting as the agent of Pershing. Client cannot hold Pershing, its affiliates and its officers, 
directors and agents liable for any trading losses that Client incurs. 
13. Liens. Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other 
Property in the possession or control of DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest (held 
individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and Other Property are referred to herein as 
"Collateral") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its Affiliates or 
Pershing (collectively, all such obligations are referred to herein as the "Obligations"). Clients who are joint 
accountholders (Joint Accountholders) acknowledge and agree that pursuant to the lien to DBSI and Affiliates, the 
Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint 
Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates or Pershing (whether individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any 
and all Obligations of each Joint Accountholder to DBSI and its Affiliates or Pershing. With respect to the lien 
granted to DBSI and its Affiliates, DBSI (or Pershing, at 0851's instruction) may, at any time and without prior notice, 
sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all such Collateral in order to 
satisfy any Obligations. In enforcing this lien, DBSI shall have the discretion to determine what and how much 
Collateral to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed 
to grant an interest in any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c)(1) 
(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 406(a)(i)(B) of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement account(s) maintained by 
DBSI, which may include IRAs or qualified plans, are not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property 
may only be used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to Client's retirement account(s). 
13•AWM-0198 
012146.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104362 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250546 
EFTA01449100

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449101.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449101.pdf
----------------------------------------
14. Satisfaction of Indebtedness and Assignment of Rights. Client agrees to satisfy, upon demand, any indebtedness, 
including any interest and commission charges and to pay the reasonable costs and expenses of collection of any 
amount Client owes to DBSI, including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs. Client agrees that DBSI or 
Pershing may execute or assign to each other or any third party any rights or obligations Client granted under this 
Account Agreement, including but not limited to the right to collect any Obligations, or liquidate any Securities and 
Other Property held in Account(s). 
15. Fees. Client understands that DBSI charges an Annual Account Fee for certain accounts and may charge service 
fees, processing fees and/or other fees or commissions, for the transactions and other services provided, more fully 
described in the Annual Disclosure Statement, at http://www.pwm.db.com/americas/en/annualdisclosurestatement. 
html. Client understands that these fees will be charged to Account(s) and authorizes DBSI to deduct such fees from 
Client's Account(s). 
16. No FDIC Insurance, Not Obligations of Any Bank. Client understands that the assets in Client's Account are subject 
to the risk of partial or total loss due to market fluctuations or the insolvency of the issuer(s). The assets in Client's 
Account (including all related cash balances and shares of any Mutual Fund) are not deposits or other obligations of 
NISI, Deutsche Bank AG, Pershing or any other bank, are not guaranteed by DBSI, Deutsche Bank AG, 
Administrator, Bank or any other bank, and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). 
Monies held in the Insured Deposit Program (IDP) may be FDIC insured while those monies are held in a depository 
account at a participating bank as described in the IDP Terms and Conditions. Client may from time to time be 
offered investment products for which DBSI or Deutsche Bank AG is an obligor. These products may be complex, 
may not provide for the retum of the full amount of principal invested or for the payment of a fixed rate of interest 
(or any interest) and will not usually be covered by FDIC insurance, unless otherwise disclosed in the written offering 
documents for such products. 
17. Cash Sweep Selection. Client agrees to contact DBSI regarding the selection of Cash Sweep Options and 
understands that Client's choice of Cash Sweep Options may be limited to money market mutual funds or 
deposit products that are unaffiliated with DBSI if Client's Account is an individual retirement account or an ERISA 
account, or if DBSI is acting as Client's investment adviser. Client understands that any funds Client has on deposit 
with the banks participating in IDP will be allocated among such banks in a manner described in the IDP Terms 
and Conditions. 
18. Credit Information and Investigation. Client authorizes DBSI and Pershing to obtain reports concerning Client's 
credit standing and business conduct at their discretion without notifying Client. Client also authorizes DBSI to share 
among service providers (as set forth herein) and DBSI Affiliates such credit-related and business conduct 
information and any other confidential information 0851, Deutsche Bank AG and such Affiliate(s) may have about 
Client and Client's Account, in accordance with DBSI's Privacy Policy and Applicable Law. DBSI and Pershing will 
provide Client with a copy of each of their Privacy Policies shortly after execution by Client of this Agreement. Client 
may request a copy of Client's credit report, and upon request DBSI will identify the name and address of the 
consumer reporting agency that furnished it. 
19. Confirmations, Statements and Other Communications. Client agrees to notify DBSI in writing, within ten (10) days 
after transmittal to Client of a confirmation, of any objection Client has to any transaction in Client's Account(s). In 
the absence of such written notification, Client agrees that all transactions in Client's Account(s) will be final and 
binding. Client understands objections must be directed to the Branch Supervisor in writing, at the address on 
Client's account statement or confirm. For more information on how confirmations and account statements are 
delivered, please refer to the Appendix to this Account Agreement. 
20. Recording Conversations. Client consents to DBSI recording any or all telephone calls with Client. 
21. Joint Accounts. 
a. Unless Clients specify "tenants in common" or "community property," Clients authorize DBSI to designate a joint 
account as "joint tenants with right of survivorship,' or as "tenants by the entireties" if Clients are married and 
reside in a state that recognizes said designation for personal property. Clients agree that joint accounts will be 
carried by DBSI on Pershing's books in the form reflected by the Account name appearing on the account 
statement. In the event that the Account is a joint tenancy with right of survivorship or a tenancy by the 
entireties, the entire interest in the joint Account shall be vested in the survivor or survivors on the same terms 
and conditions as before the death. The survivors and the estate of the deceased Accountholder will indemnify 
0851 for any loss incurred through treatment of the Account as provided herein. 
b. Clients agree that each party to the joint account shall have authority to deal with OBS' as if each were the sole 
Account owner, all without notice to the other Account owner(s). Clients agree that notice to any Account owner 
shall be deemed to be notice to all account owners. Each Account owner shall be jointly and severally liable for 
this Account. DBSI may follow the instructions of any owner concerning this Account and make deliveries to any 
owner, of any or all property and payment, even if such deliveries and/or payments shall be made to one owner 
personally and not to all of the Account owners. DBSI shall be under no obligation to inquire into the purpose of 
any such demand for delivery of securities or payment and shall not be bound to see to the application or 
disposition of the securities and/or monies so delivered or paid to any Account owner. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, DBSI may require joint action by all account owners with respect to any matter concerning the 
account, including the giving or cancellation of orders and the withdrawal of monies, Securities and Other 
Property. In the event DBSI receives conflicting instructions from any owner, it may in its sole discretion: (a) 
follow any such instructions, (b) require written or verbal authorization of both, all or any owner before acting on 
the instructions from any one owner, (c) send the assets of the Account to the address of the account, or (d) file 
an interpleader action in an appropriate court to let the court decide the dispute. 
13.AVVW0196 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104363 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250547 
EFTA01449101

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449102.pdf
----------------------------------------
c. In the event of the death of any owner, the survivors) shall immediately give DBSI written notice thereof. 0851 
may, before or after receiving such notice, take such action, require such documents, retain such securities and/ 
or restrict transactions in the Account as necessary for its protection against any tax, liability, penalty or loss 
under any present or future laws or otherwise. Any cost resulting from the death of any owner, or through the 
exercise by any decedent's estate, survivors (including other Account owners) or representatives of any rights in 
the Account shall be chargeable against the interest of the survivor(s) as well as against the interest of the estate 
of the decedent. The estate of the decedent and each survivor (including other Account owners) shall continue 
to be jointly and severally liable to DBSI for any obligation of the joint account or net debit balance or loss in said 
account until such time as DBSI distributes the assets in accordance with Clients' instructions. 
22. Non-disclosure of Confidential and Material, Non-public Information. During the course of business, employees of 
DBSI may come into possession of confidential and material non-public information. Under Applicable Law, such 
employees are prohibited from improperly disclosing or using such information for their personal benefit or for the 
benefit of any other person, regardless of whether such other person is a Client of 0851. Client understands that 
under Applicable Law, DBSI employees are prohibited from communicating such information to Client and that 
DBSI shall have no responsibility or liability to Client for failing to disclose such information. 
23. Third Party Authorization; No Agency. Client agrees that if Client authorizes third party(ies) (including, without 
limitation, any investment advisor or money manager) to act on Client's Account, such third party(ies) shall be 
bound by the Terms and Conditions of this Account Agreement. Client further agrees that unless otherwise agreed 
to in writing by DBSI, third party(ies) authorized by Client to act for Client, whether or not referred to Client by DBSI, 
is/are not, and shall not be deemed agents of 013S1 and DBSI shall have no responsibility or liability to Client for any 
acts or omissions of such third party, or any officers, employees or agents thereof. 
24. No Legal, Tax or Accounting Advice. Client acknowledges and agrees that: (a) neither DBSI, nor Pershing, provide 
any legal, tax or accounting advice, (b) neither DBSI nor Pershing employees are authorized to give any such advice 
and (c) Client will not solicit such advice or rely upon such advice given in error, whether or not in connection with 
transactions in or for any of Client's Account(s). In making legal, tax or accounting decisions with respect to 
transactions in or for Client's Account(s) or any other matter, Client will consult with and rely upon Client's own 
advisers, and not 0851. Client acknowledges that D851 shall have no liability therefore. 
25. Limitation of Liability. Client agrees that, unless otherwise provided in any other agreement between Client and 
DBSI or under Applicable Law, DBSI shall not be liable for any loss to Client except in the case of DBSI's gross 
negligence or willful misconduct. DBSI shall not be liable for loss caused directly or indirectly by government 
restrictions, exchange or market rulings, suspension of trading, war, strikes, act of foreign or domestic terrorism or 
other conditions beyond DBSI's control. DBSI shall not be liable for any damages caused by equipment failure, 
communications line failure, unauthorized access, theft, systems failure and other occurrences beyond DBSI's control. 
26. Customer Inquiries/Customer Complaints. For general inquiries, Client will contact the Client Advisor or Branch 
Supervisor assigned to Client's Account(s) for questions or assistance on any matter relating to these Account(s). 
Client must direct all formal complaints against DBSI or any of its employees to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., 
Compliance Department - Client Inquiries, 60 Wall Street, 23rd Floor, Mail Stop NYC60-2330, New York, NY 
10005-2836 or Client may call {212) 250.1085. 
27. Entire Understanding. This Account Agreement contains the entire understanding between Client and DBSI 
conceming the subject matter of this Account Agreement and there are no oral or other agreements in conflict 
herewith. The Terms and Conditions of this Account Agreement shall apply to each and every account and, 
collectively, any and all funds, money, Securities and Other Property that Client has with DBSI and supersedes any 
prior Account Agreement Client may have signed with DBSI. Client acknowledges that Client may be required to 
enter into separate agreements with respect to products or services offered by or through 08SI or its affiliates. 
28. Right to Terminate or Amend. Client agrees that DBSI has the right to terminate this Account Agreement and close 
any related accounts or amend the Terms and Conditions of this Account Agreement at any time and for any reason 
by sending written notice of such termination or amendment to Client. Any such termination or amendment shall be 
effective as of the date that DBSI establishes. Client cannot waive, alter, modify or amend this Account Agreement 
unless agreed in writing and signed by DBSI. No failure or delay on the part of DBSI to exercise any right or power 
hereunder or to insist at any time upon strict compliance with any term contained in this Account Agreement, shall 
operate as a waiver of that right or power or term. 
29. Controlling Law. This Account Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in the State of New York and shall 
be construed, and the rights of the parties determined, in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and 
the United States, as amended, without giving effect to the choice of law or conflict-of-laws provisions thereof. 
30. Headings. Paragraph headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any 
provision of this Account Agreement. 
31. Assignment, Separability, Survivability. This Account Agreement shall be binding upon Client's heirs, executors, 
administrators, personal representatives and permitted assigns. It shall inure to the benefit of DBSI's successors and 
assigns, or any successor clearing broker, to whom DBSI may transfer Client's Account(s). 0BS1 may, without notice 
to Client, assign the rights and duties under this Account Agreement to any of its Affiliates, or to any other non-
affiliate entity upon written notice to Client. If any provision or condition of this Account Agreement shall be held to 
be invalid or unenforceable by any court, administrative agency or regulatory or self-regulatory agency or body, 
such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision or condition. The validity of the remaining 
provisions and conditions shall not be affected thereby and this Account Agreement shall be carried out as if any 
such invalid or unenforceable provision or condition were not contained herein. 
32. The provisions of this Account Agreement goveming arbitration (Section III). controlling law (Section 11.29) and 
limitation of liability {Section 11.25) will survive the termination of this Account Agreement. 
13-AWM.0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104364 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250548 
EFTA01449102

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449103.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449103.pdf
----------------------------------------
III. ARBITRATION 
1. 
This section of the Account Agreement contains the pre-dispute arbitration agreement between Client and DBSI and 
Pershing, as applicable, who agree as follows: 
a. All parties to this Account Agreement (being Client, DBSI and Pershing) are giving up the right to sue each other 
in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which a 
claim is filed, or as prohibited by Applicable Law; 
b. Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an 
arbitration award is very limited; 
c. The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally more limited 
in arbitration than in court proceedings; 
d. The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for 
an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled 
hearing date; 
e. The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the 
securities industry; 
f. The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a 
claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court; and 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated 
into this Account Agreement. 
2. 
Subject to the preceding disclosure, Client agrees to arbitrate any controversies or disputes that may arise with 
DBSI or Pershing, whether based on events occurring prior to, on or subsequent to the date of this Account 
Agreement, and including any controversy arising out of or relating to any Account with DBSI, the construction, 
performance or breach of any agreement, or any duty arising from any agreement or other relationship with DBSI, to 
transactions with or through DBSI, or any controversy as to whether any issue is arbitrable. Any arbitration under 
this Account Agreement shall be determined only before an arbitration panel set up by FINRA in accordance with its 
arbitration procedures or an exchange of which DBSI is a member in accordance with the rules of that particular 
regulatory agency then in effect. Client may elect in the first instance whether arbitration shall be by FINRA or a 
specific national securities exchange of which DBSI is a member, but failure to make such election by registered 
letter to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Compliance Department - Attention: Director of Compliance, 60 Wall Street, 
23rd Floor, Mail Stop NYC60-2330, New York, NY 10005.2836 within five days after receipt of a written request 
from DBSI for such election, gives DBSI the right to elect the arbitration forum that will have jurisdiction over the 
dispute. Judgment upon arbitration awards may be entered in any court, state or federal, having jurisdiction. Any 
arbitration under this Account Agreement will be conducted pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act and the laws of 
the State of New York. 
3. 
Neither DBSI, Pershing nor Client(s) waive any right to seek equitable relief pending arbitration. No person shall 
bring a putative or certified class action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any pm-dispute arbitration agreement 
against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action or who is a member of a putative class who has 
not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until: (a) the class 
certification is denied, or (b) the class is decertified, or (c) the Client is excluded from the class by the court. Such 
forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement 
except to the extent stated herein. 
B. 
(THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
13-AWM-0198 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104365 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00250549 
EFTA01449103

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449104.pdf
----------------------------------------
IV. TAX ELECTION/DECLARATION OF TAX STATUS 
This Account Agreement is designed for use by both U.S. Persons and Non-U.S. Persons. Please check the box next to the applicable item below. 
Client certifies that Client will notify OBS, in writing immediately if the representation certified to below ceases to be true and correct. 
1.O U.S. Citizen or U.S. Resident Alien 
Form W9 
Substitute 
Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification 
useless name/disregarded entity name, if 
erent from above 
appropriate box for federal tax classification (require 
Individual/sole proprietor 0 
C Corporation 0 
S Corporation 0 
Partnership 0 
Trust/estate 
O Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C=C corporation, 5=5 corporation, P=partnership) 
Other 
El Exempt payee 
MAI 
110.4 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on the -Name" line 
to avoid backup withholding. For individuals, this is your social security number ISSN). For other 
entities, it is your employer identification number IEIN). 
Social Security Number 
LL
ml 
ee
I 
Sign 
Here 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me). and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: la) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service FIRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding, and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined in the instructions). 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding 
because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. 
2.0 Non-U.S. Person 
I am not a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien). I am submitting the applicable Form W8 with this form to certify my foreign status and. if applicable, 
claim tax treaty benefits. 
For example: Client is not a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien). Client agrees to provide OBSI with this application the applicable Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) Form W-8 to certify the client's foreign status. W-8 forms and instructions are available on the IRS website at www.irs.gov. 
13-AWM-0198 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104366 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250550 
EFTA01449104

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449105.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449105.pdf
----------------------------------------
BY SIGNING BELOW CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT: (1) CLIENT HAS RECEIVED, READ AND AGREES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS 
ACCOUNT AGREEMENT. INCLUDING THE APPENDIX WHICH CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION; AND (2) THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS 
ACCOUNT APPLICATION IS ACCURATE. 
CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT CONTAINS A PREDISPUTE ARBITRATION CLAUSE AT SECTION III, PAGE 5, AND CLIENT 
AGREES TO ITS TERMS (ALL ACCOUNT AGREEMENT SIGNATORIES MUST INITIAL'. 
IBITIALHEREf 
THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE DOES NOT REQUIRE CLIENTS CONSENT TO ANY PROVISION OF THIS DOCUMENT OTHER THAN THE CERTIFICATION 
REQUIRED TO AVOID BACKUP WITHHOLDING. AND, IF APPLICABLE. THE CERTIFICATION REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH CUENT'S STATUS AS A NON-U.S. 
PERSON AND OBTAIN A REDUCED RATE OF WITHHOLDING. 
Important Information for ERISA employee benefit plan clients: U.S. Department of Labor regulations require DBSI to disclose to a responsible plan fiduciary 
certain information in connection with the services that DBSI provides to a plan, to assist the fiduciary in evaluating the reasonableness of DBSI's services and 
related compensation. The disclosure is available online, at http://www.pwm.db.comfamerkasferderisa_disclosure_pcs.html. By signing below, you acknowledge 
that you aro a fiduciary responsible for the procurement of DBSI's services to the plan, you have road the disclosure and you understand the disclosure. 
Individual or joint account (IF THIS IS A JOINT ACCOUNT, ALL ACCOUNT OWNERS MUST SIGN): 
CONFIRMATION OF TAX AND COMPLIANCE RESPONSIBILITIES 
Client acknowledges having sole responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable in any relevant jurisdictions that 
may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in Client's accounts) and business relationship with DBSI. 
CHECK A BOX BELOW ONLY IF CLIENTS DO NOT WANT JOINT TENANTS WITH RIGHTS OF SURVIVORSHIP OR TENANTS BY THE ENTIRETIES. 
CLIENTS SPECIFY INSTEAD: 
OTenants in common; or 
OCommunity Property (for married couples in certain states: each spouse retains 50% interest in the community property upon death of the first spouse).
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Signature 
Date 
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Signature 
Date  
Print Name 
SSN/EIN 
Corporation, partnership, trust or other entity: 
CONFIRMATION OF TAX AND COMPLIANCE RESPONSIBILITIES 
Client acknowledges having sole responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable to in any relevant jurisdictions 
that may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in Client's accountfsl and business relationship with DBSI. Furthermore, Client confirms that the 
necessary information Ito the best of Client's knowledge and capabilities) is made available no less than annually to the relevant beneficial owner(s), settlor(s), 
beneficiarylies). partnor(sl, etc. to enable such person(s) to fulfill any respective tax obligations that may arise for such person(s) in connection withaliacto 
business relationship with D851. 
Name of Entity J Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation. Inc 
 Employer ID No. 
Signature of Officer. Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
Print Name/Title 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
 Date 
Print Name/Title 
Signature of Officer, Partner, Trustee, Authorized Party 
 Date 
Print Name/Title 
13'AWM'0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104367 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250551 
EFTA01449105

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449106.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449106.pdf
----------------------------------------
10. Notices. Notices and other communications may also be provided to Client verbally. Such notices and other 
communications left for Client on Client's answering machine, voice mail, electronic mail or otherwise, are 
considered to have been delivered to Client whether actually received or not. Transactions entered into Client's 
Account shall be confirmed by DBSI in writing where required by law or regulation. DBSI will not send separate 
confirmations for the following transactions: (a) dividends or distributions credited or reinvested, or transactions 
effected pursuant to a Dividend Reinvestment Plan, (b) shares of money market funds that are purchased or 
redeemed, or are part of the Cash Sweep Options, or (c) transactions effected pursuant to a periodic plan or an 
investment company plan. Client's periodic account statements will reflect these transactions. Notices concerning all 
matters related to Account(s) usually will go through DBSI although Pershing may send notices) directly to Client 
with a duplicate to DBSI should market conditions, time constraints or other circumstances so require. 
11. Possible Conflicts of Interest. Services and recommendations that DBSI provides to Client may differ from the 
services and recommendations provided to other Clients or by other individuals or groups at DBSI and/or affiliates of 
Deutsche Bank AG, whether acting as principal or agent. DBSI provides investment advice, portfolio management 
and execution services for many Clients and, in addition, acts as principal in various markets. Given these different 
roles, individuals and groups at DBSI and affiliates of Deutsche Bank AG are seldom of one view as to an investment 
strategy and may pursue differing or conflicting strategies. Employees of DBSI shall have no obligation to 
recommend to Client, or inform Client of, strategies being pursued by DBSI or other Clients. Further, (a) DBSI and its 
affiliates may provide services for a fee to or solicit business from companies whose securities are recommended by 
DBSI, (b) DBSI and its affiliates may be paid fees by investment companies registered under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 or other investment vehicles, including without limitation, fees for acting as investment 
advisor, administrator, custodian and transfer agent, and (c) DBSI and its affiliates act as brokers, principals and/or 
market makers in certain markets and may do so in transactions with Client. DBSI may recommend securities or 
strategies that are issued, underwritten, implemented or advised by DBSI or one or more of its affiliates. DBSI may 
receive compensation, in addition to the compensation Client pays DBSI, in the form of Rule 12b-1 fees, distribution 
fees, finder's fees, fees based upon fund management fees and cash or non-cash payments that are paid by mutual 
funds lout of fund assets in the case of Rule 12b-1 fees) or by the managers and other service providers to the funds 
(not out of fund assets). DBSI also participates in a program offered by Pershing, under which DBSI shares in 
revenue received by Pershing from mutual funds offered on the Pershing platform. All of these payments may vary 
based on sales volume or assets under management and may give DBSI a financial incentive to recommend certain 
funds or strategies and to include those funds in models and programs. In addition, DBSI may receive trail 
compensation in connection with sales of auction rate securities. 
12. Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). DBSI provides SIPC coverage through Pershing and/or as a 
member of SIPC. For additional information on this coverage see www.SlPC.org or call the SIPC public information 
number (201) 371.8300. Client will refer to the Annual Disclosure Statement, at http://www.pwm.db.com/americas/ 
en/annualdisclosurestatement.html for additional information regarding SIPC and excess of SIPC coverage. 
13. Tax-Exempt Entities. Charitable remainder trusts, foundations, pension plans and other tax-exempt entities may be 
deemed to receive unrelated business taxable income (UBTI) as a result of investing in certain securities, borrowing 
monies under a margin loan, investing in a partnership or limited liability company that generates UBTI or other 
leverage or loan arrangements. Tax-exempt entities should consult with their tax adviser before making an 
investment or entering into such arrangement. If Client's periodic Account Statement indicates that any Securities 
were forwarded to Client and Client has not received them, Client should notify DBSI immediately. If notification is 
received within 120 days after the mailing date, as reflected on Client's Account Statement, replacement will be 
made free of charge. Thereafter, a fee for replacement may apply. 
DEFINITIONS 
The following are definitions of certain terms that are used within this Account Agreement. As required, the singular shall 
be plural and the plural shall be singular. 
1. 
"Account Agreement" means the written agreement entered into between Client(s) and DBSI regarding Client's)' 
Account(s). The Account Agreement includes the Terms and Conditions, Arbitration, Tax Election/Declaration of Tax 
Status, and the Appendix to the Account Agreement, as well as any other applicable disclosure documents related to 
Client's Account(s), together with any amendments or supplements to such documents. There may be disclosures, 
agreements and terms applicable to a particular feature, program, account or service provided as a result of a Client 
election, modification of or addition to the Account Agreement, change in service or otherwise. DBSI will provide to 
Client such disclosures, agreements and terms, which shall be incorporated into this Account Agreement by 
reference. From time to time, DBSI may require that Client sign other agreements or documents for certain services 
or instructions and such additional agreements and documents shall become part of this Account Agreement. 
2. 
"Affiliate(s)" means any entity that is controlled by, controls or is under common control with DBSI. DBSI is a 
subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. Each affiliate is a separate legal entity. 
3. 
"Applicable Law* means the constitution, rules, regulations, customs and usages of the exchange or market, and its 
clearing house, if any, where a transaction is executed and applicable federal and state laws and regulations, 
including but not limited to securities laws and regulations (including the rules and regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board or foreign securities regulator, as applicable), and the rules 
and regulations of FINRA, or any other self-regulatory agencies or organizations having governing authority to a 
transaction in an Account in effect from time to time. 'Applicable Law" shall also include the rules of any national 
securities association, registered securities exchange or of the Options Clearing Corporation or other clearing 
organization applicable to the trading of option contracts. 
13-AWM-0196 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SONY-0104389 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250553 
EFTA01449106

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449107.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449107.pdf
----------------------------------------
4. 
"Branch Supervisor" means the manager of the branch office at which Client's Account(s) is/are maintained. 
5. 
"Cash Sweep Options" means the program through which certain uninvested cash balances in eligible Account(s) 
will be deposited automatically each day into interest-bearing, FDIC-insured depository accounts through DBSI's IDP 
or into an available money market mutual fund until Client invests these balances or balances are otherwise needed 
to satisfy obligations arising in connection with Client's Account(s). The Cash Sweep Options are described more 
fully in the Cash Sweep Options Disclosure Statement, which will be provided to Client under separate cover after 
the Account is opened. 
6. 
"DBSI Privacy Statement" means the statement of DBSI's policies pertaining to gathering, protecting and 
maintaining the confidentiality of Client information and, in certain limited situations, providing Client information 
outside of DBSI. 
7. 
"Party" or "Parties" means Client(s) and DBSI, together with its affiliates, collectively. 
8. 
"Restricted Securities" means securities of a corporation of which Client is a director, executive officer or 10% 
stockholder, or otherwise classified as a control person or insider, or securities that are subject to any restrictions 
on resale (whether by Applicable Law, contract or legend on the security), or are not traded on or through a national 
securities exchange, automated quotation system or other nationally recognized published interdealer quotation system. 
9. 
"Securities and Other Property" means, but is not limited to, money, securities, financial instruments and 
commodities of every kind and nature and related contracts and options (whether for present or future delivery), 
distributions, proceeds, products and accessions of all property owned by the Client or in which the Client has 
an interest. 
[THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK) 
13-AWM-0196 
012145.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104370 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250554 
EFTA01449107

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449108.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARGIN DISCLOSURE 
IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS MARGIN DISCLOSURE PRIOR TO OPENING A MARGIN ACCOUNT AND 
RETAIN A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (DBSI) is furnishing this document to you, the Client, to provide some basic facts about 
purchasing securities on margin, and to alert you to the risks involved with trading securities in a margin account. Before 
trading in securities in a margin account please review this Margin Disclosure carefully (which is to be read in 
conjunction with the entire Account Agreement). Please call your Client Advisor with any questions or concerns 
regarding the use of margin. 
When you purchase securities, you may pay for the securities in full or you may borrow pan of the purchase price from 
DBSI (via a margin loan offered by Pershing). You may also borrow for purposes other than the purchase of securities 
based on the value of fully paid securities held in the Account. If you choose to borrow funds from DBSI, you must open 
a margin account and sign the attached Margin Agreement along with the Account Agreement. If the securities in your 
account decline in value, so does the value of the collateral supporting your loan, and, as a result, DBSI can take action, 
such as issuing a margin call and/or selling securities or other assets in any of your accounts (as provided in the Margin 
Agreement) in order to maintain the required equity in the account. 
It is important to fully understand the risks involved in trading securities on margin. These risks include the following: 
1. 
You can lose more funds than you deposit in the Margin Account. A decline in the value of securities that are 
purchased on margin may require you to provide additional funds to DBSI to avoid the forced sale of those 
securities or other securities or assets in your account(s). 
2. DBSI can force the sale of securities or other assets in your account(s). If the equity in your account falls below 
the maintenance margin requirements, or DBSI's higher "house" requirements, DBSI can sell the securities or other 
assets in any of your accounts held at DBSI to cover the margin deficiency. You also will be responsible for any 
shortfall in the account after such a sale, including costs and interest accrued. 
3. DBSI can sell your securities or other assets without contacting you. Some investors mistakenly believe that a 
firm must contact them for a margin call to be valid, and that the firm cannot liquidate securities or other assets in 
their accounts to meet the call unless the firm has contacted them first. This is not the case. Generally, DBSI does 
attempt to notify its Clients of margin calls, but it is not required to do so. However, even if DBSI has contacted a 
Client and provided a specific date by which the Client can meet a margin call, DBSI can still take necessary steps to 
protect its financial interests, including immediately selling the securities without notice to the Client. 
4. 
You are not entitled to choose which securities or other assets in your account(s) are liquidated or sold to meet a 
margin call. Because the securities are collateral for the margin loan, DBSI has the right to decide which security to 
sell in order to protect its interests. 
5. DBSI can increase its "house" maintenance margin requirements at any time and is not required to provide you 
advance written notice. These changes in firm policy often take effect immediately and may result in the issuance 
of a maintenance margin call. Your failure to satisfy the call may cause DBSI to liquidate or sell securities in 
your accounts►• 
6. 
You are not entitled to an extension of time on a margin call. While an extension of time to meet margin 
requirements may be available to clients under certain conditions, a client does not have a right to the extension. 
7. 
Short Sales are margin transactions and involve the risks described above. A short sale means any sale of 
securities that you do not own or which are borrowed for your account ("Short Sales"). Because short sales are 
margin transactions, such transactions are subject to the same risks and terms and conditions of margin transactions. 
8. 
DBSI and/or Pershing may loan any securities which collateralize your margin loan. Securities held in a margin 
account may be lent, to DBSI, to Pershing or to others, and may be pledged, repledged, hypothecated or 
rehypothecated by DBSI and/or Pershing, without notice to you. DBSI and/or Pershing may do so without retaining 
in its possession or control for delivery a like amount of similar Securities and Other Property and in doing so, are 
authorized to retain certain benefits, including interest on your collateral posted for such loans. While your securities 
are loaned out, you will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. Pershing and/or DBSI may receive 
compensation in connection with these transactions. For additional information on rehypothecation, please refer to 
the Margin Addendum. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104371 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250555 
EFTA01449108

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449109.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449109.pdf
----------------------------------------
MARGIN ADDENDUM TO ACCOUNT AGREEMENT 
READ AND SIGN BELOW TO OPEN A MARGIN ACCOUNT. 
Supplemental Terms and Conditions that Apply to Client Margin Account 
Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein or in the Margin Disclosures shall have the meaning specified in the 
Account Agreement and/or its Appendix annexed thereto. 
By signing this Agreement Client agrees to be bound by the Terms and Conditions in this Margin Addendum as well as 
those terms and conditions contained in the Account Agreement all of which are incorporated herein by reference. 
1. Mechanics and Risks of Margin. Client represents that Client understands the mechanics and risks of using margin 
as explained in the attached Margin Disclosure which is incorporated herein by reference. 
2. Financing. Client understands that the margin transactions in the Account may be financed by Pershing or DBSI. 
3. Interest and Costs. Client agrees to pay interest on all sums borrowed and other balances due and costs incurred by 
Deutsche Bank in maintaining the Margin Account on Client's behalf. DBSI will deduct all interest charges from 
Client's Account. Interest charges will be reflected on Client's account statement. For additional information on 
interest charges, please refer to the Annual Disclosure Statement at http://www.pwm.db.com/americaslen/ 
annualdisclosurestatement.html. To obtain the current schedule of rates visit: http://pwm.db.com/pwm/en/ 
alexbrown_legal_overview.html and click on "DBAB Call Rate" or contact the Client Advisor. 
4. Client's Margin Loan Is a Demand Loan. As such, DBSI or Pershing has the right to demand at any time the 
immediate payment of all or any portion of a margin balance. 
5. Liens. Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other 
Property in the possession or control of DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest (held 
individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and Other Properly are referred to herein as "DB 
Collateral") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its Affiliates or 
Pershing (collectively, all such obligations are referred to herein as the 'DB Obligations"). Client further grants to 
Pershing a security interest in and lien (the "Pershing Lien") upon all Securities and Other Property held in Client's 
Margin Account(s) and any associated cash account(s) (*Margin Collateral") to secure the indebtedness or any other 
obligation of Client to Pershing in this Margin Account (the "Margin Obligations"). Clients who are joint account 
holders (Joint Accountholders) acknowledge and agree that DB Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property 
held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates (whether 
individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any and all DB Obligations of each Joint Accountholder to DBSI 
and its Affiliates. With respect to the lien granted to DBSI and its Affiliates, DBSI (or Pershing, at DBSI's instruction) 
may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal 
with any or all such DB Collateral in order to satisfy any DB Obligations. In enforcing this lien, DBSI shall have the 
discretion to determine which Securities and Other Property to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. With respect 
to the Pershing Lien, Pershing may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release, exchange, settle or 
otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all Margin Collateral in order to satisfy any Margin Obligations. In enforcing 
this Pershing lien, Pershing shall have the discretion to determine what and how much Margin Collateral to apply for 
the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to grant an interest in 
any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c)(1)(8) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 406(a)(i)(B) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement account(s) maintained by DBSI, which 
may include IRAs or qualified plans, are not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property may only be 
used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to Client's retirement account(s)• 
6. Consent to Loan or Pledge of Securities and Other Property. Within the limitations imposed by Applicable Law, all 
Securities and Other Property now or hereafter held, carried or maintained by or in the possession of DBSI that have 
not been fully paid for, or are held in a margin account as collateral for a margin loan, may be lent to DBSI, to 
Pershing or to others, and may be pledged, repledged, hypothecated or rehypothecated by DBSI and/or Pershing 
without notice to Client, either separately or in common with other securities, commodities and other property of 
DBSI's or Pershing's other clients for any amount due in any account with DBSI in which Client has an interest, or 
for any greater amount, and DBSI and/or Pershing may do so without retaining in its possession or control for 
delivery a like amount of similar Securities and Other Property. Client understands that while securities held for 
Client's Account(s) are loaned out, Client will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. Margin securities in 
Client's account may be used for, among other things, settling short sales and lending the securities for short sales. 
As a result, Pershing and/or DBSI may receive compensation in connection with these transactions. Neither 
Pershing, nor DBSI, will lend or pledge fully paid for securities without Client's written permission. 
7. Margin Maintenance, Calls for Additional Collateral, Liquidations and Covering Short Positions. In order to engage 
in margin transactions, Client will be required to maintain such Securities and Other Property in Client's Margin 
Account(s) for margin purposes as shall be required under Applicable Law or otherwise by DBSI or Pershing for any 
reason. Client may be required to post, deposit or maintain additional collateral at any time. In addition to the rights 
otherwise set forth in this Agreement, DBSI and Pershing also shall have the right to liquidate any Securities and 
Other Property held in the Margin Account whenever DBSI or Pershing deems it necessary for its protection. 
Circumstances that may result in collateral calls or liquidations include, but are not limited to, the failure to promptly 
meet any call for additional collateral, the filing of a petition in bankruptcy, the appointment of a receiver by or 
against Client, or the attachment or levy against any account with DBSI in which Client has an interest. 
1340.NM-0196 
012145 032813 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104372 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250556 
EFTA01449109

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449110.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Consent to Electronic Delivery of Materials and Communications 
Re: 'insert account number(s1) 
In an effort to continue to provide you with timely information on Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management's brokerage, 
investment advisory, trust, banking and other product and service offerings, when possible, we would like to send offering 
documents, prospectuses. term sheets, free writing prospectuses, Forms ADV Part 2 and other communications (collectively 
the "Materials") to you electronically, including by email, facsimile, website, CD-ROM or other electronic means. This 
permission for Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management to deliver Materials to you electronically is being granted to Deutsche 
Bank AG and its affiliates and subsidiaries that conduct business through Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management, including 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, Deutsche 
Bank Trust Company, N.A. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware, among others. 
Please note that certain offerings (pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and, in the case of bearer debt 
obligations, in compliance with the U.S. Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982) are only available for purchase 
outside the United States. Any documents for such offerings must be read by you outside the United States and any 
purchases by you of securities pursuant to such offerings must be made outside the United States. For this purpose, the 
"United States" includes any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the territories and possessions of the 
United States. Any such offering shall be so identified in its corresponding email or facsimile cover letter. If you have 
requested Hold Mail Service, by signing below, you hereby specifically authorize us to send any Materials to you by the 
electronic means described above. 
To view and print certain Materials online, you will need Adobe Reader. If necessary, you can download the software at 
www.adobe.com. 
Client: By signing below. (a) I represent that I am authorized to sign on behalf of the accounts) covered by this consent form, 
(b) I hereby consent to receipt of Materials via the electronic means described above, (c) I represent that the email address 
provided above is an email address that an accountholder will access, and is not an email address of someone other than an 
accountholder, (d) I agree to notify Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management promptly of any change to my email address or 
facsimile number, and (e) I agree to hold Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management harmless to the extent I do not receive 
Materials through my failure to notify Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management of any change to my email address or 
facsimile number. I understand that I may revoke my consent at any time without charge by sending a written request to my 
account representative. By signing below as Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common, the parties agree that delivery by 
electronic means to the email address herein constitutes delivery to each party. 
This consent applies to all accounts that I hold with Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management. 
4nle of . 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
um. 
franfirolauttithiuid Sign/Sty:: 
Oast 
Signature:  
Name of Authorized Signatory: 
Date:  
Title:  
FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 
By signing here, the Office Supervisor certifies that the above listed client signatory has proper authority to grant this consent: 
Ill
 llIII 
ED 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
13-AWM-0213 ED 
006421.032713 
DB-SDNY-0 104376 
SDNY_GM_00250560 
EFTA01449110

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449111.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449111.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Private Wealth Management 
Corporate Account Authorization and Terms and Conditions 
Officer's Certificate 
Account Number: 
I, 
, the duly elected and acting 
of J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc Rita "Corporation")  hereby certify that: 
ill The following resolutions were adopted by unanknous consent of the Board of Directors of the Corporation on the 
RESOLVED, that any persons designated by the 
of the Comoration &reauthorized on behalf of the Corporationlitii 
(A) Open and maintain one or more brokerage account(s) for and in the name of the Corporation at Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred 
to herein as "DBSI") (including any successor thereof); 
WI Deposit, deliver, assign, withdraw and transfer funds, instruments and securities of any type; 
(CI Sell any securities owned by the Corporation; 
(D) Buy any securities in a cash account; and 
(E) Buy, sell and sell securities (including put and call options) short in a margin account; and (DELETE (E) IF INAPPLICABLE) 
(F) Execute all documents, and exercise and direct the exercise of all duties, rights, and powers, and take all actions necessary or 
appropriate to perform the powers enumerated above. 
EURTHEFTRESOLVED; thilthe 
MI glitotgasietiort Shit 
powers,.. office or identitY of tilsee.Persons authorized to perform the powers enumerated above. DBSI may rely upon any such certificate of 
authority furnished by the Corporation until written certification of any change in authority shall have been received by DBSI. Any past action in 
accordance with this resolution is hereby ratified and confirmed. The powers enumerated above pertain to securities of any type now or hereafter 
held by the Corporation in its own right or in any fiduciary capacity. Powers previously certified by the Corporation shall not be affected by the 
dispatch or receipt of any other form of notice nor any change in the position with the Corporation held by any person so empowered. Any 
officer of the Corporation is hereby authorized to certify these resolutions to whom it may concern. 
a) 
Each of the following are authorized to perform the powers enumerated in the foregoing resolutions and by signing his or her name in this 
section 2 agrees on behalf of the Corporation to the Terms and Conditions attached hereto: 
(List name and corporate position) 
EMI 
IMO 
Name 
Position 
Signature 
Name 
Position 
Name 
Position 
Signature 
Signature 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG, conducts investment banking and securities activities in the UK ed St tes. 
1111111111111111111 I0 
CORP 
09.PVVM-0186 Corp Acct Au h & T&C 102/12) CORP 
006420-022212 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104377 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250561 
EFTA01449111

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449112.pdf
----------------------------------------
13) 
(4) 
No action has been taken to rescind or amend said resolutions, and they are now in full force and effect. 
15) 
No one other than the Corporation shall have any interest in any account opened and maintained in the name of the Corporation. 
16) 
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ON THE NEXT TWO PAGES CONTAIN A PRE-DISPUTE ARBITRATION CLAUSE AT PARAGRAPH 11. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto affixed my hand and the seal of the Corporations 
SEAL 
Signature of Second Certifying Officer 
Name of Second Certifying Officer 
Corporate Title of Second Certifying Officer 
IF THE CLIENT IS INCORPORATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, THE CLIENT MUST COMPLETE AND RETURN A FORM W-8 ALONG WITH 
THIS OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE. 
09-PWM-0186 Corp Acct Auth & T&C 102/121 CORP 
006420.022212 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104378 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250562 
EFTA01449112

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449113.pdf
----------------------------------------
Terms and Conditions Corporate Accounts 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (referred to herein as "DBSI") accepts the Account of the client described in the attached certificate (the "Client"). The 
term DBSI includes its affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees. Client understands that Pershing LLC is the carrier of the Account as 
clearing broker pursuant to a clearing agreement with OBS!. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. As used herein, the term "affiliate of Deutsche Bank" or "Deutsche Bank 
affiliates" means Deutsche Bank AG and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Each of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates is a separately incorporated legal 
entity, none of which is responsible for the obligations of the others. "Securities and Other Property" shall include, but shall not be limited to, money 
and securities, financial instruments, commodities of every kind and nature, and all contracts and options relating to any thereof, owned by the Client 
or in which the Client has an interest. These terms and conditions shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the 
United States, as amended. 
By opening the Account, Client agrees to the following terms and conditions: 
1. Confirmations, and Transmission of Instructions 
Client agrees to notify DBSI in writing, within ten (101 days of sending Client a confirmation, of any objection Client has to any transaction in its 
Account. In the absence of such written notification, Client agrees that all transactions for its Account will be final and binding on it. Client 
understands that it is responsible for transmission of instructions to DBSI and that Client bears the risk of loss arising from the method of 
transmission that Client uses in the event of transmission errors, misunderstandings, impersonations, transmission by unauthorized persons or 
forgery. Client agrees to release and indemnify DBSI from any and all liability arising from the execution of transactions based on such instructions 
except if °BSI's gross negligence caused the transmission error. 
2. Cash Account 
With respect to the Account: (i) Client will make full cash payment on or before settlement date for each security purchased, unless funds 
sufficient therefor are already held in the Account; (ii) Client does not contemplate selling any security before it is paid for as provided in the 
preceding clause; (iii) Client will own each security sold at the time of sale and, unless such security is already held in the account, will promptly 
deliver such security thereto on or before settlement date; and fiv) Client will promptly make full cash payment of any amount that may become 
due in order to meet necessary requests for additional deposits or, with respect to any unissued security purchased or sold, to mark to the market. 
3. Short and Long Orders; Deliveries and Settlements 
Client agrees that, in giving orders to sell, all "short" sales will be designated by it as "short" and all other sales will be designated by DBSI as 
long." Client also agrees that DBSI may, at its discretion, immediately cover any short sales in the Account, without prior notice. In case of non-
delivery of a security, DBSI is authorized to purchase the security to cover Client's position and charge any loss, commissions and fees to the 
Account. Client agrees that if DBSI fails to receive payment for securities Client has purchased. DBSI may, without prior demand or notice, sell 
those securities or other property held by DBSI in the Account and any loss resulting therefrom will be charged to the Account. Cient authorizes 
DBSI, at its discretion, to request and obtain extension(s) of Client's time to make payment for securities Client purchased, as provided for by 
Federal Reserve Bank Regulation T. 
4. Liens 
Client hereby grants to DBSI and its Affiliates a security interest in and lien upon all Securities and Other Property in the possession or control of 
DBSI, any of its Affiliates or Pershing, in which Client has an interest 'heId individually, jointly or otherwise) (collectively all such Securities and 
Other Property are referred to herein as "Collatora") in order to secure any and all indebtedness or any other obligation of Client to DBSI and its 
Affiliates or Pershing (provided that such indebtedness or obligation to Pershing arises in connection with this Agreement) (collectively, all such 
obligations are referred to herein as the "Obligations"). Clients who are joint accountholders ("Joint Accountholders") acknowledge and agree that 
pursuant to this lien, the Collateral shall include Securities and Other Property held in the Account or any other account held by either Joint 
Accountholder with DBSI or its Affiliates (whether individually, jointly or otherwise) and shall secure any and aN Obligations of each Joint 
Accountholder to DBSI and its Affiliates. DBSI (or Pershing. at DBSI's instruction) may, at any time and without prior notice, sell, transfer, release. 
exchange, settle or otherwise dispose of or deal with any or all such Collateral in order to satisfy any Obligations. In enforcing this lien. DBSI shall 
have the discretion to determine which Securities and Other Property to apply for the purposes of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing. 
nothing herein shall be deemed to grant an interest in any Account or assets that would give rise to a prohibited transaction under Section 4975(c) 
111181 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended. or Section 406(a)01(8) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended. Securities and Other Property held in Client's retirement accounts) maintained by DBSI, which may include IRAs or qualified plans, are 
not subject to this lien and such Securities and Other Property may only be used to satisfy Client's indebtedness or other obligations related to 
Client's retirement account(s). 
5. Authority to Borrow 
In case of the sale of any security or other property by DBSI at Client's direction and DBSI's inability to timely deliver the same to the purchaser by 
reason of Client's failure to supply DBSI therewith, Client authorizes DBSI to purchase or borrow any security or other property necessary to make 
the required delivery, and Client agrees to be responsible for any loss or cost, including interest, which DBSI sustains as a result of Client's failure 
to make delivery to DBSI. 
B. Interest Charges 
Client acknowledges that debit balances in the Account, including, but not limited to, those arising from its failure to make payment by settlement 
date for securities purchased, will be charged interest at the then current rate, in accordance with ()BSI's usual custom. Interest will be computed 
on the net daily debit balance, which is computed by combining all debit balances and credit balances in each account with the exception of 
credit balances associated with short security positions. 
7. Credit Information and Investigation 
Client authorizes DBSI to obtain reports concerning its credit standing and business conduct at DBSI's discretion. Client also authorizes DBSI and 
any affiliate of Deutsche Bank, including, without limitation, Deutsche Bank AG, to share among such affiliates such information and any other 
confidential information DBSI and such affiliates may have about Client and the Account. 
09-PWA4-0186 Corp Acct Auth & T&C 1021121 CORP 
006420022212 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104379 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250563 
EFTA01449113

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449114.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449114.pdf
----------------------------------------
8. Satisfaction of Indebtedness 
Client agrees to satisfy, upon demand, any indebtedness, including any interest and commission charges. Client further agrees to pay the reasonable 
costs and expenses of collection of any amount it owes DBSI, including reasonable attorney's fees and court costs. Client agrees that ()BSI and its 
clearing broker have the right to collect any debit balance or other obligations owing in Client's Account, and that such rights may be assigned to each 
other. 
9. Loan or Pledge of Securities and Other Property 
Within the limitations imposed by applicable law, all Securities and Other Property now or hereafter held, carried, or maintained by DBSI in its 
possession that have not been fully paid for, may be lent, either to DEMI or to others. pledged, and repledged by DBSI, without notice to Client. 
Client understands that while securities held for its Account are loaned out, Client will lose voting rights attendant to such securities. 
10. Aggregation of Orders and Average Prices 
Client authorizes DIM, at its discretion, to aggregate orders for the Account with other customer orders. Client recognizes that in so doing, it may 
receive an average price for its orders that may be different from the price(s) it might have received had its orders not been aggregated. Client 
understands that this practice may also result in its orders being only partially completed. 
11. Arbitration 
- This section of the Agreement contains the predispute arbitration agreement between us. By signing this Agreement, we agree 
as follows: 
(i) 
All parties to this Agreement are giving up the right to sue each other in court, including the right to a trial by jury, except as provided by 
the rules of the arbitration forum in which a claim is filed; 
Ili) Arbitration awards are generally final and binding. A party's ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited; 
(iii) The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements and other discovery is generally limited in arbitration as compared to 
court proceedings; 
(iv) The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award, unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision 
has been submitted by all parties to the panel at least twenty (20) days prior to the first hearing date; 
(v) The panel of arbitrators will typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry; 
Iv') The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases. a claim that is ineligible for 
arbitration may be brought in court; and 
(vii) The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this Agreement. 
- Client agrees to arbitrate with DBSI any controversies which may arise, whether or not based on events occurring prior to the date of this 
agreement,including any controversy arising out of or relating to any account with DBSI, to the construction, performance or breach of any 
agreement, or any duty arising from any agreement or other relationship with ()BSI, or to transactions with or through DBSI, only before the 
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., or any exchange of which DBSI is a member, at Client's election. Client agrees that Client shall 
make Client's election by registered mail to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Compliance Department - Attention: Director of Compliance. 60 
Wall Street, 23rd Floor, Mail Stop NYC60-2330, New York. NY 10005-2836. If Client's election is not received by DBSI within ten 110) 
calendar days of receipt of a written request from DBSI that Client make an election, then DBSI may elect the forum before which the 
arbitration shall be held. 
- Neither DBSI nor Client waive any right to seek equitable relief pending arbitration. No person shall bring a putative or certified class action to 
arbitration, nor seek to enforce any pre-dispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action; or 
who is a member of a putative class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action 
until (i) the class certification is denied; or (ii) the class is decertified; or (ii) the customer is excluded from the class by the court. Such 
forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not constitute a waiver of any rights under this agreement except to the extent stated 
herein. 
Important Disclosures for Your Records 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. -DIM" is furnishing this document to you to alert you to important matters regarding your account. 
Securities Investor Protection Corporation ("SIPC") 
Securities held by our clearing broker, Pershing LLC, for your account are protected up to the total net equity held in the account. Of this total, SIPC 
provides S500,000 of coverage, including 5100.000 for claims for cash awaiting reinvestment. The remaining coverage is provided by Pershing 
through a commercial insurer. SIPC protection applies when the SIPC member firm through which you hold your investments fails financially and is 
unable to meet its obligations to securities clients, but SIPC protection does not protect against losses attributable to the rise and fall in the market 
value of investments. A small number of client accounts are not carried on Pershing's books due to specific account factors. These accounts are 
covered under DBSI's SIPC membership. DIM does not provide coverage in excess of SIPC coverage. Certain investments, such as commodity 
futures contracts and currency, are ineligible for SIPC protection. For additional information on SIPC, see www.SlPC.org or cal the SIPC public 
information number. (202) 371.8300. 
Payment for Order Flow 
DBAB receives payment when its routes for execution certain orders in certain securities. The determination as to where to route orders is based on 
several factors, consistent with DBSI's obligation to provide best execution for all client orders. Because several factors aro considered with respect 
to such determinations, DBSI could potentially secure price improvements on such orders by routing them in a different manner and all such orders 
potentially could be executed at prices superior to the best bid or best offer. Payment is received by DBSI in the form of rebates, or credits against 
exchange fees, and specialist fees. Details will be furnished upon written request. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104380 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250564 
EFTA01449114

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449115.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449115.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
DBTCA Deposit Account Opening Application 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Personal Accounts 
K 
Checking Acct. # 
K 
Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
K 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
(DBTCA deposit account required, 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
Private Wealth Premiums" 
Internet Banking Services 
K 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus 
K 
Link to Existing Online Relationship 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Business Accounts 
K 
Checking Met. # 
K 
Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
K Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
IDBTCA deposit account required. 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
K 
Cash Master Sweep Account 
Checking Acct. # 
(User/Co. ID Number) 
Client Relationship 
K Individual Account 
K Joint Tenants with Right 
of Survivorship 
K Joint Tenants in Common 
K In Trust For/Payable on 
Death/As Trustee for 
K Trust 
K Estate 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Banking Services 
K 
Consumer Debit Card # 
K 
Joint Applicant Debit Card # 
K Business Debit Card # 
K 
Deluxe Checkbook Style # 
K 
Name Only 
K 
Name and Address 
K 
Duplicate Statement 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
K 
Mailing address (if different) 
Name 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Target Amount 
Trigger Amount 
K Custody under NY UTMA 
K Foundation 
K Non-Profit Organization 
K Attorney Trust Escrow 
K Landlord Master Escrow 
K Corporation 
K Limited Liability Company 
K Partnership 
K Limited Liability Partnership 
13-AWM -0101 
NAOSOD00014542-000102945 
013959.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250565 
DB-SDNY-0104381 
EFTA01449115

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449116.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449116.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Title and Joint Application Information 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Fot 
Name of Account Title 
(last name, first name, middle initial) or Business 
Joint Applicant 
(last name. first name, middle initial) 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
Address 
Address 
St Thomas 
U.S Vitahllslai.00802 
City, State and Zip Code 
City, State and Zip Code 
Home Telephone Number 
Home Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
DateNE 
Date of Birth 
Name of Employer 
Address 
Not applicable 
City, State and Zip Code 
Name of Employer 
Address 
City, State and Zip Code 
Notice of Customer Identification Policy 
Important Information 
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verity, and record information that identifies each person who establishes an account, investment or 
other business relationship with a financial institution. This means that we will ask for your name, address, and other 
information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see identifying documents such as a certificate of 
formation or good standing (legal entities) or a passport or other photo identification (individuals). 
3rd EU Notice 
Governmental rules have also broadened the scope of the Bank's obligations to aid in the fight against money laundering 
and terrorist financing; these rules call for an active involvement of both asset management firms and their clients. For 
new and existing clients we currently have a legal obligation to ask our customers questions regarding their identities, 
addresses, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, beneficial owners or control 
structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, enhanced anti•money laundering 
requirements require that should any of the above personal or institutional information change, our clients would be 
obliged to immediately notify us of the change(s) and provide us with relevant documentation to verify these changes. 
Telephone, Facsimile or Email Instructions 
By signing below, you agree that from time to time you may give instructions by telephone, facsimile or email regarding 
the above captioned account(s) (defined herein as "Verbal Instructions"). It is understood that the risk of Verbal 
Instructions being given by person or persons purported to be you is your own. Absent the gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of 0eusche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA), you agree to indemnify and hold harmless DBTCA for 
any claims, losses, expenses, costs or attorneys' fees resulting from DBTCA's acting upon such misunderstood and 
unauthorized Verbal Instructions. You understand that DBTCA may, but shall not be required to, seek verification of your 
verbal, facsimile or email instructions by call back. In case of doubt, DBTCA may in its sole discretion refuse to execute 
your Verbal Instructions or any part thereof, without incurring any liability. DBTCA is under no obligation to execute your 
Verbal Instructions to transfer funds or securities to any account(s) without written instructions bearing your original 
signature. 
Joint Account Disclosure 
You have opened a joint account with DBTCA and acknowledge receipt of the following information: This deposit and any 
additions to the account shall become the property of each owner as joint tenants, and DBTCA may release the entire 
account to any owner during the lifetime of all owners. DBTCA may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from 
any owner during the lifetime of all owners. The Bank may be required by service of legal process to remit funds held in 
the joint account to satisfy a judgment entered against, or other valid debt incurred by, any owner of the account. DBTCA 
may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s) and may treat the 
account as the sole property of the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s). Unless DBTCA receives written notice 
signed by any owner not to pay or deliver any joint deposit or addition or accrual. DBTCA shall not be liable to any owner 
for continuing to honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from any owner. After the receipt of the notice referred to 
in the previous sentence, DBTCA may require the written authorization of any or all joint owners for any further payments 
or deliveries. 
13-AVVM-0101 
013959.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104382 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250566 
EFTA01449116

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449117.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449117.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, by and through its authorized officer, has caused this instrument to be 
executed on the date listed below. 
(FOR BUSINESS USERS] 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Business Name 
Name/title 
Signature 
Date 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS 
By 
Print Name/Title 
Date 
[FOR ALL OTHER USERS] 
Account Namo 
NameMlle 
Signature 
Date 
WM I 31667 
010198080613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104384 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250568 
EFTA01449117

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449118.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449118.pdf
----------------------------------------
Barcode_Num 
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus Account Opening Application 
Ar 
Client Information 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Client/Company Name 
Online Contact Name 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation. Inc 
Title 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
Address 
St Thomas 
City 
Phone Number 
U.S. Virgin Islands 
00802 
State 
Zip Code 
Email address 
Accounts and Services (please check services for each account) 
Balance & 
Account 
Activitiy 
Book 
Number 
Reporting 
Transfer 
K 
Bill Pay 
K 
ACH 
K 
Wire 
Positive Pay 
Transfer 
(Fees Apply) 
K 
Account 
Reconciliation 
(Fess Apply) 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
ACH Daily Limit $ 
Wire Transfer Daily Limit $ 
The ACM Daily limit is the daily aggregate dollar amount of ACM transactions (payments and 
collections) you may send through Private Wealth Online Plus. The Wire Transfer Daily Limit is the 
daily aggregate dollar amount of wire transfers you may transmit through Private Wealth Online Plus. 
Note: By signing below, you acknowledge and agree that Deutsche Bank wIll make reasonable efforts to adhere to the ACH Daily Limit and Wire Transfer 
Daily Limit set forth herein. but shall have no obligation to do so. Further. you acknowledge and agree that, in accordance with the terms of the Internet 
Banking Services Agreement. Deutsche Bank may place land adjust) daily dollar limits on the amount that may be transferred at any time, and from time to 
time, for any reason or for no reason. 
Wire Transfer Security Code (Optional) Alpha Numeric Security Code 6-25 characters 
Security Code 
If I have selected to receive Internet Banking Services, I understand that I will 
be required to enter a separate Internet Banking Services Agreement with 
Deutsche Bank before I can access the Internet Banking Service. 
Account Holder's Signature 
Print Name 
Date 
Note: Access to DB InSight is the recommended portal to DB Private Wealth Online 
For Office Use Only: 
Primary Officer: 
Secondary Officer: 
Prepared by: 
Date: 
Approved by 
Wealth Advisor 
Date: 
NAOSOD00014542-000102945 
13-AWM.0135 009614.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104385 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250569 
EFTA01449118

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449119.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449119.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Card 
Deutsche Bonk. Trust Company Americas 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Account Holder Title 
Account Number 
K Individual 
K ITF/POD/ATF• K Corporate 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Requited: 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Pannership 
K Other: 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
Date of Power of Attorney 
or ITF/POD/ATP See Supplemon al elms and Conditions 
I III II 1111 
IIIIIUIIIIiTIIIIIIIIIII 
13-AWM.4:06/9 
NAOSOD00014542-000102946 
006678 08:913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104386 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250570 
EFTA01449119

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449120.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Card 
Deutsche Bonk. Trust Company Americas 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Account Holder Title 
Account Number 
K Individual 
K ITF/POD/ATF• K Corporate 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Requited: 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Pannership 
K Other: 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
Date of Power of Attorney 
or ITF/POD/ATP See Supplemon al elms and Conditions 
I III II 1111 
IIIIIUIIIIiTIIIIIIIIIII 
13-AWM.4:06/9 
NAOSOD00014542-000102946 
006678 08:913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104387 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250571 
EFTA01449120

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449121.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449121.pdf
----------------------------------------
Private Wealth Manage -n 
Deutsche Bank 
Not -For -Profit Organization Resolut ion - Deposit Account 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
 • 
Secretary of  
[a corporation] [an unincorporated association] duly organized and 
existing under the laws of  
 , described 
herein as "this organization," hereby certify that the following is a 
true copy of resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of this 
organization at a meeting duly held, a quorum being present, 
on 
, 20 
and that such resolutions are 
now in full force and effect: 
"RESOLVED, that Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. New 
York, N. Y. (the "Bank"), is designated a depositary of this 
organization for each account of this organization now or 
hereafter opened and maintained at the Bank (whether one or 
more, the "Account"); and 
"FURTHER RESOLVED, that all drafts, checks and other written 
instruments or orders for the payment of money drawn (i) against 
the Account or (ii) to or otherwise made payable to this 
organization shall be signed or endorsed (for transfer or 
encashment) by any 
of the following*: (insert titles but not names 
of officers): 
 :and 
"FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Bank is hereby requested. 
authorized and directed to honor all orders for the payment of 
money by wire or other electronic means made or issued in this 
organization's name on the Account: (i) when transmitted and 
delivered to the Bank by telex, cable, facsimile or other 
mechanical or electronic transmission; letter or other written 
communication; or telephonic or other oral communication; and 
(ii) when separately authorized in writing by any 
of officer(s) 
designated in the preceding 'RESOLVED' clause and the Bank 
shall be entitled to honor and charge the Account for all such 
orders which it believes in good faith to be genuine regardless of 
by whom or by what means such orders may have been issued. 
The authorization provided in this clause shall include, without 
limitation, the right to enter into any agreement(s) with the Bank, 
from time to time, containing such indemnities in favor of the 
Bank as it may require and such other provisions in order to 
effectuate the purpose hereof; and 
"FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Bank is authorized to place to 
the credit of the Account, funds, drafts, checks, credits or other 
property by whomever delivered or transmitted to the Bank for 
deposit for account of this organization, endorsed with the name 
and/or Account number of this organization or other agreed-
IIII III III 111111 
III 111111 
IIII III IIII 
upon symbol or identifying mark by rubber stamp, facsimile. 
mechanical, 
manual or other signature (and any 
such 
endorsement by whomever affixed shall be the endorsement of 
this organization), or otherwise endorsed, or unendorsed. 
provided that if any such item shall bear, or be accompanied by, 
directions (by whomever made) for deposit to a specific Account. 
then such deposit shall be to the credit of such specific Account; 
the Bank may at any time refuse any such deposit or credit to the 
Account and/or may return by mail or otherwise the whole or any 
part of a deposit to this organization; and 
"FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Bank is hereby directed to 
accept, and/or apply any draft, check or other instrument or order 
for the payment of money, or any proceeds thereof, including 
any order for the transfer thereof by wire or other electronic 
means, drawn, made or issued on such Account or drawn to or 
otherwise made payable to this organization (each such payment 
order herein an "Order") when signed or endorsed, made or 
issued as required by these resolutions without limit as to 
amount, without inquiry and without regard to the disposition of 
any such item or any proceeds thereof, and the Bank shall not be 
liable in connection therewith notwithstanding that such Order: 
(i) may be payable or endorsed to the order of a person whose 
signature appears thereon or who otherwise made or issued 
such Order or of any other officer(s) or agent(s) of this 
organization, or Off or any proceeds thereof may be used or 
disposed of for the personal credit or account of any such person 
(5). officer(s) or agent(s) with the Bank or otherwise or in 
payment of the individual obligation of any such person(s), officer 
(s) or agent(s) to the Bank or otherwise, or (iii) may cause or 
increase an overdraft on the Account; and 
"FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Account and all transactions 
related thereto, the authorities, specifications, agreements and 
services herein provided shall also be subject to all other 
agreements, rules, regulations and conditions set forth in any 
signature card, deposit ticket, passbook, instrument, receipt, 
statement of Account and all state and federal laws, rules and 
regulations applicable to the subject matter hereof." 
I further certify that this organization is operated primarily for 
religious, philanthropic, charitable, educational, fraternal or other 
similar purposes and is not operated for profit. 
I further certify that the following persons hold in this 
organization the positions indicated below: 
Name 
Title 
OPA.D A 
C' 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
NA0S0D0 001 4 5 4 2-0 001 0 2 9 5 1 
DB-SDNY-0104388 
SDNY_GM_00250572 
EFTA01449121

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449122.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449122.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Complete only if doing business under assumed name; 
otherwise disregard.) 
I further certify that this organization is (1) doing business under 
the name of 
(Assumed Name) 
as shown by the annexed Certificate of the Secretary of State; (2) 
the sole owner of the above assumed name; and (3) will be the 
owner of each check, draft or other item drawn or made payable 
to said assumed name and deposited to the credit of the 
Account. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto subscribed my 
signature and affixed the seal of this organization this 
day of 
,20 
(SEAL) 
• If two signatures are desired, with one signature from each of 
two groups, strike out the underlined words and insert "by one 
from each of the following two groups, respectively;" then list the 
groups separately. 
If two signatures are desired, but as a signature and 
countersignature, with authority limited accordingly, strike out 
the underlined words and add "and signed and countersigned by 
one from each of the following two groups, respectively;" then 
arrange signature and countersignature groups accordingly. 
•• 
(Secretary) 
If the Secretary conferred by the above resolutions is 
authorized to sign alone. the certification of resolutions must be 
confirmed below by another officer. 
Confirmed: 
(Official Title) 
70444 (04) 
SO/PAD AK 11401 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104389 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250573 
EFTA01449122

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449123.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Amanda Kirby 
9/12/2013 5:41:22 PM 
Paul Morris 
Updates II] 
pic12478.gif; pic24554.gif 
classification: For internal use only 
Paul -- I'm watching my godsister's son tonight so will be leaving shortly. I 
have my Blackberry and cell if you need me. Below are some updates from the 
day 
Southern Financial 
- spoke with Harry. He is out tomorrow and won't have any documents for 
us until Monday. He also didn't mention the ACAT5 or ask for updates on the 
accounts so we won't need to speak with him about those topics until after the 
weekend. vahe also knows this, 
- I sent account opening documents for both Haze Trust and 7E Foundation 
. Harry will return them earliest on Monday 
Barry Bloom: Caroline cannot do the week of Sep 23. Do you want to do the 
meeting without her? or wait? 
Steve Pincus breakfast is set for September 26 (can always change if that is 
the only day that works for Bloom) 
Peter Gaslow 
Entailed Jordana again. will call tomorrow 
I'll see you in the morning. Email or call if you need anything 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12478.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
SIM 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic24554.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104390 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250574 
EFTA01449123

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449124.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104391 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250575 
EFTA01449124

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449125.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104392 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250576 
EFTA01449125

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449126.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449126.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Manish-m Gupta 
Sent: 
9/12/2013 5:55:03 PM 
To: 
PWM A0G 
• Amanda Kirb
 Paul Morris 
CC: 
Kusam San 
PWM A0G
; Shivani Kacholia 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: New banking account :- Jeepers, Inc # 42953002 & 44129455 II I 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Everyone, 
Both accounts are opened. 
Please let me know if any changes required. 
Thanks & Regards, 
Mani sh Gupta 
Manish Gupta 
D601 Global Services Private Limited 
Private Banking 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra world City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104393 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250577 
EFTA01449126

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449127.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449127.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Manish-m Gupta 
Sent: 
9/12/2013 5:57:30 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby Saul 
Morris INIMIIM 
CC: 
Gaurav Bhargava 
Subject: 
Fw: New banking account:-Jeepers, Inc # 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Amanda, 
The online is not setup because the ACH & wire Limit is not mentioned in the 
form. 
Could you please provide the Limits as well. 
Thanks & Regards, 
Manish Gupta 
manish Gupta 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Private Banking 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
manish-m..gupta@db.com 
Ph No - 
212.469.3271 
Forwarded by Manish-m Gupta/db/dbcom on 09/12/2013 05:55 PM 
From: 
Manish-m Gupta/db/dbcom 
To: 
PWM A0G/db/dbconeDBAMER/cAs, Amanda kirby/db/dbcom@DBAMERIcAs, Paul 
morris/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
kusam saini/db/dbcom@DBAmERIcAs, PWM A0G/db/dbcom@DBAmERIcAs, shivani 
kacholia/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
Date: 
09/12/2013 05:55 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: New banking account :- Jeepers, Inc # 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Everyone, 
Both accounts are opened. 
Please let me know if any changes required. 
Thanks & Regards, 
Manish Gupta 
manish Gupta 
080I Global Services Private Limited 
Private Banking 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra world city 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
manish-m..gupta@db.com 
Ph No - 
212.469.3271 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104394 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250578 
EFTA01449127

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449128.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449128.pdf
----------------------------------------
TiGul
Froni:
Manish-r 
Se
To: 
9/12/2013..... 
PAIMAOG 
Amanda Kirb 
nt 
CC: 
Kusam Saini ,,,,,,— fl,„..„„„...„, 0, PWM AO 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: New banking account :- Jeffrey Epstei 
. Paul Morrisla 
iKachoha 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Everyone, 
Both Accounts are opened. 
Please let me know if any changes required. 
Amanda 
The Online is not setup because the ACH & Wire Limit is not mentioned in the 
form. 
Could you please provide the Limits as well. 
Thanks & Regards, 
manish Gupta 
Manish Gupta 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Private Banking 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra world City 
SEZ 302029 Jai ur India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104396 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250580 
EFTA01449128

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449129.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449129.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
aily Deposit Report 20130913 
RM CODE 
09/12/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
35266976 JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
37989772 DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
37992955 JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
M 
.00 
42942688 SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
42952763 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
42952771 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
42953002 JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
44129252 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
44129455 JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104397 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250581 
EFTA01449129

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449130.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449130.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
9/13/2013 8:48:26 AM 
To: 
Manish-m Gu 
CC: 
Kusam Saini [ 
); Paul Morris 
; PWM A0G 
Shivani 
Kacholia 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: New banking account :- Jeepers, Inc it 
Attachments: pic07829.gif; pic01554.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thank you! 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07829.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212)454-6439 
Fax +1(646)863-9836 
Email amanda.kirby@db.com 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01554.gif) 
From: 
Manish-m Gupta/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
To: 
PWM AOG/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS, Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Paul 
Morris/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
Kusam Saini/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, PWM AOG/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Shivani 
Kacholia/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
Date: 
09/12/2013 05:55 PM 
subject: 
Re: Fw: New banking account :- Jeepers, Inc I 
classification: For internal use only 
Hello Everyone, 
Both accounts are opened. 
Please let me know if any changes required. 
Thanks & Regards, 
manish Gupta 
Manish Gupta 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Private Banking 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra world City - 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
manish-m..guptaeldb.com 
Ph NO - 
212.469.3271 
(I] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104398 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250582 
EFTA01449130

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449131.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449131.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104401 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250585 
EFTA01449131

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449132.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449132.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Amanda Kirby 
9/13/2013 10:49:52 AM 
Tazia Smith 
; Paul Morris
i 
Fw: power of attorney 
Classification: Public 
Hi Laurie, 
Just wanted to touch base on the below trading authorization to see if you had signed your copy. Let me know 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bark Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
New York NY US 
10154-0004 
Peeprott 
Forwarded by Amanda Kebytdbkibcom on 05'13/2013 10.46 AM ---
From. 
Harry Belle 
'To 
Date.
Subject 
Amanda Kaby/dbfelbcom@DBAMERICAS. 
0512/2013 11:16AM 
power of attorney 
Amanda 
I will followup with laurie for her signed power 
Harry 
Begin forwarded message: 
From  
Date: September 12, 2013 10:54:02 AM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Messy e from ICMBT C253 
Reply-To: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250586 
DB-SDNY-0 104402 
EFTA01449132

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449133.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449133.pdf
----------------------------------------
Private Wealth Management 
Deutsche Bank Alex.Brown 
Trading Authorization Limited to Purchases and Sales of Securities 
Account Number. 
Account Name: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
( whose signature appears below ) as In
The undersigned hereby authorizes Theta Trading' LLC 
or her agent and attorney in fay to buy, sell ( including short sales ) and trade in stocks. bonds, and any other securities andlor contracts relating to the 
same on margin or otherwise in accordance with your terms and conditions for the undersigned's account and Ask and in the undersigned's names, or 
number on your books The undersigned hereby agrees to indemnify and hold you harmless from and to pay you promptly on demand any and au losses 
arising therefrom or debit balance due thereon. 
In all such purchases, sales or trades you are authorized to follow the instructions of the aforesaid agent in every respect concerning the 
undersigned's account with you: and sThe is authorized to act for the undersigned and in the undersigned's behalf in the same manner and with the same 
force and effect as the undersigned might or could do with respect to such purchases, safes or trades as well as with respect to all other things necessary 
or incidental to the furtherance or conduct of such purchases, sales or trades. 
The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms any and all transactions with you heretofore or hereafter made by the aforesaid agent or for the 
undersigned's account. 
This authorization and indemnity is in addition to ( and in no way limits or restricts ) any rights which you may have under any other agreement 
or agreements between the undersigned and your firm. 
This authorization and indemnity is also a continuing one and shad remain in full force and effect until revoked by the undersigned by a written 
notice addressed to you and delivered to the Branch office of the Client Advisor whose signature appears below, but such revocation shall not affect any 
liability in any way resulting from transactions initiated prior to such revocation. This authorization and indemnity shall Inure to the benefit of your present 
firm and of any successor firm or firms irrespective of any change or changes at any time in the personnel thereof for any cause whatsoever, and of the 
assigns of your present firm or any successor firm. 
As used herein, "you" and 'your refers to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
September 11,2013 
Dated 
Agent's Address 
Greenwich 
CT 
06831 
Gry 
State 
Zip Code 
Agent's Soda Security*: 
Signature of Authorized Agent 
Signature of Client Advisor 
Vepytrulyycurs. 
ft Signature 
a tZt  4i,e' 
Print Name 
Agent's Date of Birth: 
Date 
Dare 
Approved by 
Date 
Deutsche Bank Alec Brown is the Private Client Service, Division of Deutsche Bank Securities UK. 
09.PWM-0159 CS70 (2.09) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104403 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250587 
EFTA01449133

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449134.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449134.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
9/13/201310:49:52 AM 
To: 
CC: 
Tazia Smith 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Fw: power of attorney 
Attachments: pic10804.gif; pic12333.gif; SIOABT_C25313091210530.pdf 
Classification: Public 
Hi Laurie, 
Just wanted to touch base on the below trading authorization to see if you had 
signed your copy. Let me know 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10804.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212)454-6439 
Fax +1(646)863-9836 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12333.gif) 
 Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 09/13/2013 10:46 AM 
From: 
Harry Beller 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcomilosAmERIcAs, 
Date: 
09/12/2013 11:16 AM 
Subject: 
power of attorney 
Amanda 
I will followup with laurie for her signed power 
Harry 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: Se tember 12, 2013 10:54:02 AM EDT 
TO:
subject: Message rom KMBT_C253 
Reply-To: 
(see attac e 
i e: 
530.pdf) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104404 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250588 
EFTA01449134

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449135.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449135.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104405 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250589 
EFTA01449135

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449136.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449136.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104406 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250590 
EFTA01449136

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449137.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449137.pdf
----------------------------------------
Private Wealth Management 
Deutsche Bank Alex.Brown 
Trading Authorization Limited to Purchases and Sales of Securities 
Account Number. 
Account Name: 
Southern Trust Company, Joe.
( whose ugnature appears below ) as In
The undersigned hereby authorizes Theta Trading' LLC 
or her agent and attorney in fie.t to buy, sell ( including short sales ) and trade in stocks. bonds, and any other securities andlor contracts relating to the 
same on margin or otherwise in accordance with your terms and conditions for the undersigned's account and risk and in the undersigned's names, or 
number on your books The undersigned hereby agrees to indemnify and fold you harmless from and to pay you promptly on demand any and au losses 
arising therefrom or debit balance due thereon. 
In all such purchases, sales or trades you are authorized to follow the instructions of the aforesaid agent in every respect concerning the 
undersigned's account with you: and sThe is authorized to act for the undersigned and in the undersigned's behalf in the same manner and with the same 
force and effect as the undersigned might or could do with respect to such purchases, safes or trades as well as with respect to all other things necessary 
or inradental to the furtherance or conduct of such purchases, sales or trades. 
The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms any and all transactions with you heretofore or hereafter made by the aforesaid agent or for the 
undersigned's account. 
This authorization and indemnity is in addition to ( and in no way limits or restricts ) any rights which you may have under any other agreement 
or agreements between the undersigned and your firm. 
This authorization and indemnity is also a continuing one and shad remain in full force and effect until revoked by the undersigned by a written 
notice addressed to you and delivered to the Branch office of the Client Advisor whose signature appears below, but such revocation shall not affect any 
liability in any way resulting from transactions initiated prior to such revocation. This authorization and indemnity shall Inure to the benefit of your present 
firm and of any successor firm or firms irrespective of any change or changes at any time in the personnel thereof for any cause whatsoever, and of the 
assigns of your present firm or any successor firm. 
As used herein, 'you- and 'your. refers to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
September 11, 2013 
Dared 
Upland Drive 
Veytrulyyours. 
ft Signature 
sj 
Agent's Address 
Print Name 
Greenwich 
CT 
06831 
Gry 
State 
Zip Code 
Agent's Social Seeurityrit 
46-3018209 
Signature of Authorized Agent 
Signature of Client Advisor 
Agent's Date of Birth: 
Date 
Dare 
Approved by 
Date 
Deutsche BankAlecBrown is the Private Client Service, Division of Deutsche Bank Securities UK. 
09.PWM-0159 CS70 (2.09) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104407 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250591 
EFTA01449137

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449138.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
9/13/2013 2:34:59 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Amanda Kirby 
CC: 
tazia.smith@db.com; Kevin Quinn 
Subject: 
Epstein Account Summary [II 
Attachments: pic08899.gif; pic20182.gif; Epstein Account Summary 9.12.13.xlsx; Southern Trust Positions 9.12.13.pdf 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul and Amanda, 
Per our meeting, I've summarized below the Epstein accounts that can/cannot be 
transferred. Note that there are mutual fund holdings in the accounts, and 
that the ACAT process will be more efficient if Jeff were to liquidate the 
funds instead of transferring them in kind. 
Furthermore, it would be easier if Jeff isolates the positions that cannot be 
transferred into separate accounts - this way, entire accounts can be moved 
instead of transferring many individual positions. 
I've also attached the below summary spreadsheet in case you would like to 
make changes to the format, verbiage, etc. Also attached is the isolated 
southern Trust statement. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. Have a great weekend! 
Thank you, 
vahe 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic08899.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic20182.gif) 
vahe Stepanian 
Associate I Markets Coverage Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
(See attached file: Epstein Account Summary 9.12.13.xlsx)(See attached file: 
southern Trust Positions 9.12.13.pdf) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104408 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250592 
EFTA01449138

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449139.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449139.pdf
----------------------------------------
leepers Derivatives (x5OO5) - ALL Holdings Transferrable 
Haze Derivatives (x4006) - All Holdings Transferrable 
STC Asset (x0002) - ALL Holdings Transferrable 
Southern Trust (x5001) - ONLY Cash Is Transferrable. Please see attached statement. 
SFFLC Asset (x9006) - ALL Holdings Transferrable 
SFLLC Derivatives (x0003) - Non-Transferrable Holdings: 
Holding 
Identifier 
Market Value 
Notes 
JPY PUT CAD CALL FX 
EUR STYLE OPTION 
(EXP 10/8/13) 
XJPYPBEXZ 
$ 
1,578,637.62 
WTI CALL OPTION USD 
PUT (EXP 2/14/14) 
OTCBDCPHK 
$ 
549,233.65 
LONG TOTAL RETURN 
SWAP (7/20/14) 
SWPBDRUH6 
406,638.41 
JPY PUT USD CALL FX 
EUR STYLE OPTION 
(EXP 9/10/13) 
XJPYPBFJZ 
JPY CALL CAD PUT FX 
EUR STYLE OPTION 
(EXP 10/8/13) 
XJPYCATZZ 
JPY SELL CAD FWD 
(CONTRACT FX RATE 
VALUE 10/10/13) 
FXJPYBERE 
(152,437.87) 
WTI PUT OPTION USD 
CALL (EXP 2/14/14) 
OTCBDPKGF 
$ 
(591,105.94) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104409 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250593 
EFTA01449139

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449140.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104410 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250594 
EFTA01449140

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449141.pdf
----------------------------------------
Document Produced in Native Format 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104411 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250595 
EFTA01449141

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449142.pdf
----------------------------------------
O 0 
O O 
Z Z 
11 
5 
mm 
zz 
-I -I 
• r-i 
C 
C 
-r1 
m 
O 
U 
C) 
5. 
:0
a 
ci, 
rn 
z 
• 0 
-( w
O
C Z 
-< 
° 0 O 
-• 
CT O 
a 
O1 a 
CD -• 
O) hl 
J.P. Morgan Online - Positions 
I 
(12-..?Lei
(4W-avow 
Positions 
?.flienterl View 
I Southern Trust L Cameron (la 
Show 
•••
•••••••••••••••••••.••••• 
As of 09/11/2013 I Change 
t All Asset-Classes 
and ( All Cunrencies 
View Tex Lots 
9/12/13 11:39AM 
Total Value 
Unrealized Gain/Loss 
Accrued Income 
$4,820,348.80 
4134,352.55 
50.00 
Est Annual Income 
6651.92 
Cash 8 Sweep 
6,619,227.35 0 
Description 
Security In 
Clientity 
Pimp 
Price 
Change 
(4:g%) 
Value 
Value 
Change 
cost 
retire 
Gam/Loss 
tens.) 
US DOLLAR 
0USDPRAA7 
..... 
. .. ... .... .. . ••.. 
. 
5,519,227.35 fB 
1.00 
0.00 s 
5,519,227.35 1,926,644 00 
5,519,227.35 
0.00 
DU Y GBP SELL USD FORWARD CONTRACT FX 
FXGBPBDLV 
18,696.41 
9.393.09 a 
18,696 41 
RATE 1.563w110TRADE 08/21/13 VALUE 09/23/13 
BUY USD SELL AUD FORWARD CONTRACT FX 
FXUSDBMNO 
0.00 
28,717.80 
0.00 
RATE .9170000TRADE 09/04/13 VALUE 09/11/13 
WRITE - AUD PUT USD CALL FX EUROPEAN 
XAUDPAJEZ 
0.00 
0.00 as 
-43,654.50 
43,654.50 
STYLE OPTION JAN 24, 2014 © .89 WINDOW RKI 
0.8760 UNTIL 9SEP13 
WRITE - NZD PUT USD CALL FX EUROPEAN 
XNZDPAFAZ 
-2,983.51 
-2,983.51 w 
-78,144.00 
75,160.49 
STYLE OPTION JAN 23, 2014 
.79 KI 
0.75 
WRITE-AUD PUT USD CALL FX EUROPEAN 
XAUDPAJFZ 
4,141.33 
-4,141.33 1, 
-51,100.00 
46,958.67 
STYLE OPTION JAN 24, 2014 @ .89 KI @0.84 
BUY USD SELL AUD FORWARD CONTRACT FX 
FXUSDBMPW 
-5,068.15 
-6,857.63 
-5,088.15 
RATE .9300000TRADE 09/10/13 VALUE 09/27/13 
WRITE - JPY CALL USD PUT FX EUROPEAN STYLE XJPYCAUWZ 
-21,953.34 
-9,438.60 w 
-71,250.00 
49,298.66 
OPTION JAN 29, 2014 © 95. KI © 94 KO 6101 
BUY USD SELL GBP FORWARD CONTRACT FX 
FXUSDBMMO 
-33,328.43 
-9,393.42 v 
-33,328.43 
RATE 1.5490000TRADE 08/29/13 VALUE 09/23/13 
WRITE - NZD CALL USD PUT FX EUROPEAN 
XNZDCADEZ 
45,360.38 
-1,647.97 
-15,280.00 
-20.080.38 
STYLE OPTION FEB 06, 2014 © .8 KO © 0.77 
WRITE - CAD CALL USD PUT FX EUROPEAN 
XCADCAFGZ 
ents r ^erronsho err% 
41444 
S 
PON 
42,494.21 
-2,947.24 
-58,500.00 
16,005.79 
ht ps://ipmorgan.chase.com/Seture/Positions?Alar410634821 
I 
Pape 1 of 3 
EFTA01449142

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449143.pdf
----------------------------------------
Z z 
m m 
O  O
Z Z 
-I -I 
• 
Tl> 
-D
Co
rn 
0) 
CD
Co
Z O 
O 
8Pa  6 
N E 
'4 Ca 
I.P. Morgan Online - Positions 
9/12/13 11:39AM 
I I LC vr- 
r CD I I , .CV 1.1 
- 
- 
WRITE - AUD CALL USD PUT FX EUROPEAN 
XAUDCAFLZ 
STYLE OPTION FEB 06,2014 @ 92 0.9230 WINDOW 
KI EXPIRING 13 SEP 13 OPTION KNOCKEDIN 
R
- 
WRITE - NZD CALL USD PUT FX EUROPEAN 
XNZDCADDZ 
STYLE OPTION JAN 23, 2014 © .82 KI fi 0.845 KO 
0.768 
MP, 
BUY USD SELL NW FORWARD CONTRACT FX 
FXUSDBMMP 
RATE .7770000TRADE 08/29/13 VALUE 09/23/13 
WRITE - AUD CALL USD PUT FX EUROPEAN 
XAUDCAFKZ 
STYLE OPTION JAN 24, 2014 © .94 IQ 0 0.98 KO 
0.88 
MEN 
-88.780 66 
000 tit 
-18,400.00 
-98,972.21 
-7.117.79 v 
-82,000.00 
-108,544.48 
-5,749.18 v 
•
.70,380 66 
•
-
_
•
•
-16,972.21 
-108,544.48 
- 
-130,944.38 
-9,166.00 w' 
-96,350.00 
-34,594.38 
WRITE - GBP CALL USD PUT FX EUROPEAN 
XGBPCAOVZ 
- 
-145,003.90 
-30,728.18 v 
STYLE OPTION FEB 08, 2014 
1.57 KI la 1.585 KO 
1.53 
-49,847.50 
-95,156.40 
Totals 
$4,820,348.80 $1,874,584.16 
54,954,701.35 
4134,352.55 
Where are my other accounts N 
Where applicable, acquisition date, cost. and gain/loss values may reflect special calculations rules used for gifted securities 
Quotes delayed by at least 20 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. 
INVESTMENT PRODUCTS: NOT FDIC INSURED I NO BANK GUARANTEE I MAY LOSE VALUE 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (JPMS) and J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. (JPMCC) (both members of FINRA, NYSE, and SIPC); and Chase Insurance Agency, Inc. (CIA) (a licensed Instil-ems 
agency, doing business as Chase Insurance Agency Services, Inc. in Florida) are affiliates of JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA. (JPMC) (a member of FDIC). 
Vow Statement of Financial Condition I View Sweep Option Yields 
Bank Products and Services, including fiduciary and custody products and services, are offered through JPMC and its bank affiliates. Securities and Investment Services are provided by the 
following entities For Clients of J.P. Morgan's Private Bank or Private Wealth Management Securities Services by JPMS; Custody Services by JPMC and JPMCC; Cleating Services by 
JPMCC. For Clients of J.P. Morgan Securities: Securities 8 Investment Advisory Services by JPMS; Clearing & Custody Services by JPMCC. For Clients of Chau Private Client: Securities & 
Investment Advisory Services by JPMS; Clearing & Custody Services by JPMCC; Annuities & Insurance Products* by various Insurance companies and offered through CIA. *Products not available 
in all states. 
"J.P. Morgan Private Bank" is a marketing name for private banking business conducted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries worldwide. 
EQUAL HOUSING LENDER 
Not a commitment to lend. All extensions of credit are subject to credit approval. 
https://fpmorgan.ehase.co rit /sec o re Posit i nn s>Ai -410634821 
Page 2 of 3 
EFTA01449143

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449144.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby [ 
Sent: 
9/13/2013 2:46:57 PM 
To: 
CC: 
'Harry Belle 
; 'Richard Kahn' 
; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Wire instructions 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Below are the formats for both money market/checking account wires and brokerage. 
Banking Accounts: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA #: 021001033 
Account #: 
Account Name: 
Brokerage Accounts: 
Bank of New York 
ABA #: 021000018 
Beneficiary: Pershing LLC 
Beneficiary Account #: 
FFC Account Name: 
FFC Account #: 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212)4544439 
Fax +1(646)863-9836 
Email amandaldrbvedb.com 
Pitniewitr Peepron 
From: 
"Jeanne Brennan" <jahwcpa@gmail.com, 
Amanda Kirbyklb/dbcom@DSAMERICAS. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104414 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250598 
EFTA01449144

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449145.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc. 
- Richard Kahn-  ic
>. - Harry Beller-
Daie, 
09/13/2013 02:30 PM 
Subject. 
Wire instructions 
Amanda, 
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incoming wires for the Southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account 
number 
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104415 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250599 
EFTA01449145

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449146.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449146.pdf
----------------------------------------
Amanda, 
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incomin 
' 
r the 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account number 
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104417 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250601 
EFTA01449146

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449147.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104418 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250602 
EFTA01449147

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449148.pdf
----------------------------------------
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
111.04 
Passiowbr Perfoyi, 
From 
"Jeanne Brennan' 
o. 
Cc 
"Richard Kahn' 
Date 
09,13/201302:30 PM 
Subject 
Wire instructions 
Harry Boiler' 
Amanda, 
Pleaseprovide me with the wire instructions for incoming wires for the Southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account 
numbe 
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104421 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250605 
EFTA01449148

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449149.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449149.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
9/13/2013 3:33:34 PM 
To: 
jabwcpa@gmail.com 
CC: 
'Harry Beller' j 
; Paul Morris 
'Richard Kahn' 
Subject: 
RE: Wire instructions 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Yes. Money market is a banking wire. Below would be the instructions for Southern Trust: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA #: 
Account #: 
Account Name: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bar* Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
New 
Tel. + 
Fax + 
Email 
Panitn4v- Peelbon 
From. 
"Joanne Brennan" 
To. 
Amanda Kirbyklbrdbcom@DBAMERICAS. 
Cc: 
- Harry Beller-  
. - Richard Kahn-  < 
Date: 
09111:2013 0324 PM 
Subject: RE: Wire instructions 
Paul Morrisklbklbcom©DBAMERICAS 
Amanda 
Please confirm that money market account wire instructions fall under Banking Accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104422 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250606 
EFTA01449149

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449150.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449150.pdf
----------------------------------------
Amanda, 
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incoming wires for the Southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account 
number 44129244. 
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104424 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250608 
EFTA01449150

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449151.pdf
----------------------------------------
To: jabwcpa@gmail.com 
Cc: 'Harry Beller"; 'Richard Kahn'; Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Wire instructions 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Below are the formats for both money market/checking account wires and 
brokerage. 
Banking Accounts: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA #: 
Account #: 
Account Name: 
Brokerage Accounts: 
Bank of New York 
ABA #: 
Beneficiary: Pershing 
Beneficiary Account #: 
FFC Account Name: 
FFC Account #: 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic13860.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. +1 
Fax +1 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic11186.gif) 
From: 
"Jeanne Brennan" 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
"'Richard Rahn'" < 
Date: 
09/13/2013 02:30 PM 
Subject wire instructions 
, "'Harry Beller'" < 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104426 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250610 
EFTA01449151

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449152.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449152.pdf
----------------------------------------
Amanda, 
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incomin wires for the 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account number 
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
/f you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche sank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104427 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250611 
EFTA01449152

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449153.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449153.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104429 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250613 
EFTA01449153

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449154.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104430 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250614 
EFTA01449154

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449155.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104431 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250615 
EFTA01449155

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449156.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449156.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeanne Brennan 
Sent: 
9/13/2013 3:34:42 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirb 
CC: 
'Harry Beller' 
aul Morris 
'Richard Kahn' 
Subject: 
Perfect. Thanks. Have a nice weekend. 
From: Amanda Kirby [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, September 13, 2013 3:34 PM 
To: 
Cc: 'Harry Beller; Paul Morris; 'Richard Kahn' 
Subject: RE: Wire instructions 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Yes. Money market is a banking wire. Below would be the instructions for Southern Trust: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA #: 
Account #: 
Account Name: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212)454-6439 
Fax +1(646)863-9836 
Email amanda.kkbvedb.com 
PossinoV Peepow 
From 
"Jeanne Brennan" 
'To 
Amanda Kirbyldbldbcom@OBAMERICAS. 
Cc 
"Harry 
- Richard Kahn"' 
Oa 
v; 
0913:201303.24 PM 
Sublet 
RE: Wre instructions 
Paul MorrisidWdbcom@DBAMERICAS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104432 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250616 
EFTA01449156

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449157.pdf
----------------------------------------
From. 
"JeanneBrennanAIIIIIIIIIII> 
To. 
Amanda Kirbyrdb/dbcomiaDEMMERICAS. 
Cc: 
-.Richard Kahn'" a. 
^Harry Bake a> 
Date: 
Mit $2013 02:30 PM 
Subject. 
Wire Instructors 
Amanda, 
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incoming wires for the Southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account 
number 
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104434 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250618 
EFTA01449157

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449158.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
9/14/2013 3:03:19 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20130914 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/13/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
35266976 JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
37989772 DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
37992955 JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
tot 
.00 
42942688 SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
42952763 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
42952771 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
42953002 JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
44129244 SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
44129252 SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
44129455 JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104436 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250620 
EFTA01449158

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449159.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
9/14/2013 7:41:48 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com) 
Subject: 
Re: 
classification: Public 
Also had really interesting large estate situation want to run by you, could 
also be opportunity, thx 
 original message  
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 09/13/2013 10:58 PM EDT 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
subject: 
Classification: Public 
Most accounts are now open, waiting for last couple acct opening docs back, 
should get them by Monday. ACATs transfer should start early next week, looks 
pretty clean other than few positions we can discuss on Monday, looks like 
most mature near term anyway. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104437 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250621 
EFTA01449159

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449160.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein beevacation@gmail.coml 
Sent: 
9/14/2013 8:01:06 AM 
To: 
Paul Morris I 
Subject: 
Re: 
340 775 8111 now 
On Sat, Sep 14, 2013 at 7:41 AM, Paul Morris < 
> wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Also had really interesting large estate situation want to run by you, could also be opportunity, thx 
Paul Morris 
--- Original Message ---
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 09/13/2013 10:58 PM EDT 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Subject: 
Classification: Public 
Most accounts are now open, waiting for last couple acct opening dots back, should get them by Monday. 
ACATs transfer should start early next week, looks pretty clean other than few positions we can discuss on 
Monday, looks like most mature near term anyway. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@jpnail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104438 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_002501322 
EFTA01449160

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449161.pdf
----------------------------------------
From. 
"Jeanne Brennan" 
To. 
Amanda FGrby/dtildbcom@DBANIERICAS. 
Cc: 
'Harry Boner-  ca. 
- Richard Kahn-  •ca. 
Paul MornsidlAbcom@DBAMERICAS 
Date: 
09/1312013 03.24 PM 
Subfect: RE: %We instructcris 
Amanda 
Please confirm that money market account wire instructions fall under Banking Accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
From: Amanda Kirby [mailto: 
Sent: Friday, September 13, 2013 2:47 PM 
To: 
Cc: 'Harry BeIler'; 'Richard Kahn'; Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Wire instructions 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Below are the formats for both money market/checking account wires and brokerage. 
Banking Accounts: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA #: 021001033 
Account #: 
Account Name: 
Brokerage Accounts: 
Bank of New York 
ABA #: 021000018 
Beneficiary: Pershing LLC 
Beneficiary Account #: 
FFC Account Name: 
FFC Account #: 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104440 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250624 
EFTA01449161

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449162.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449162.pdf
----------------------------------------
Nee 
0154-0004 
Tel 
Fax 
Email 
<Mail Attacliment.gif> 
From: 
-JeatleteBremmn- 
> 
To. 
AmandaKabyMbhiboo 
DBAMERICAS, 
Gc. 
"Riehardkatm-  
. 'Han Oder .:
2. 
Date' 
09'13201302:30 PM 
Subject. 
Nfreinewebors 
Amanda, 
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incoming wires for the Southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account 
number 44129244. 
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104441 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250625 
EFTA01449162

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449163.pdf
----------------------------------------
Yes. Money market is a banking wire. Below would be the instructions for 
Southern Trust: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA #: 
Account #: 
Account Name: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<mail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212)454-6439 
Fax +1(646)863-9836 
Email amanda.kirby@db.com 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From: "Jeanne Brennan" 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
Date: 09/13/2013 03:24 PM 
"'Richard Kahn" < 
.com>, Pau Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
subje RE: wire instructions 
ct: 
Amanda 
Please confirm that money market account wire instructions fall under 
Banking Accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
From: Amanda Kirby (mailto:amanda.kirby0db.com) 
Sent: Frida 
Se tember 13, 2013 2:47 PM 
To: 
Cc: 'Harry Beller': 'Richard Kahn'; Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: wire instructions 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Below are the formats for both money market/checking account wires and 
brokerage. 
Banking Accounts: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104443 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250627 
EFTA01449163

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449164.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA #: 021001033 
Account #: 
Account Name: 
Brokerage Accounts: 
Bank of New York 
ABA #: 021000018 
Beneficiary: Pershing LLC 
Beneficiary Account #: 
FFC Account Name: 
FFC Account #: 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212)454-6439 
Fax +1(646)863-9836 
Email amanda.kirby@db.com 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From: 
"Jeanne Brennan" <jabwcpa@gmail.com> 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@DBAmERIcAs, 
Cc: 
Date: 
09/13/2013 02:30 PM 
Subject wire instructions 
Amanda, 
Harry Beller'" < 
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incoming wires for the 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account numbe 
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104444 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250628 
EFTA01449164

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449165.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449165.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104447 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250631 
EFTA01449165

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449166.pdf
----------------------------------------
Below are the formats for both money market/checking account wires and brokerage. 
Banking Accounts: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA #: 
Account #: 
Account Name: 
Brokerage Accounts: 
Bank of New York 
ABA #: 
Beneficiary: Pershing LLC 
Beneficiary Account #: 
FFC Account Name: 
FFC Account #: 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachmentgif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
New York NY US 
10154.0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
<Mail Attachment.gif5' 
From 
'Jeanne Brennan' <-> 
To 
Amanda Kirby 
Cc. 
"Richard Kahn"' 
- Flany seller' 
Date 
09/13/2013 02:30 PM 
Subject 
Wire instructions 
Amanda, 
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incoming wires for the Southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104450 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250634 
EFTA01449166

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449167.pdf
----------------------------------------
numbe 
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104451 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250635 
EFTA01449167

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449168.pdf
----------------------------------------
we were expecting a wire in the amount of 1,000,000 to this account either today or this week 
please advise if you see anything that may have hit or be in process 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax 646-350-0954 
cell 917-414-7584 
On Sep 13, 2013, at 3:33 PM, Amanda Kirby wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Yes. Money market is a banking wire. Below would be the instructions for Southern Trust: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA #: 
Account #: 
Account Name: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. •1(212)4544439 
Fax •1(646)8639636 
Email amanda.kirbyadb.com 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From' 
"Jeanne Brennan* <jabwcpaegmail corn> 
To' 
Amanda KirbyklbtrIbcom@DBAMERICAS. 
Cc: 
- Name Baer-  <harrybelletimail corn>. - Richard Kahn"' eikhardkahnt2edomail corn>. Paul Mornedb.rdbcom@DBAMERiCAS 
Date: 
09/13/2013 0324 PM 
Subject: RE: Wire instructions 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104453 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250637 
EFTA01449168

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449169.pdf
----------------------------------------
Amanda, 
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incoming wires for the Southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account 
number 
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
Th- is communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
Th- is communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
Th- is communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104455 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250639 
EFTA01449169

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449170.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thank you for the heads up. Nothing has hit the account as of this morning. I will keep monitoring it and will let you know 
once it has been received 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachmentgif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From. 
Richard Kahn 
To. 
Amanda Kirbyrdb/dbcom@DEIAMERICAS. 
- Harry Beller 
Date. 
0911612013 10:20 AM 
Subject: 
Re: Wire instructions 
, Paul MomsidbrdbcomeaDEIAMERICAS 
we were expecting a wire in the amount of 1,000,000 to this account either today or this week 
please advise if you see anything that may have hit or be in process 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York New York 10022 
tel 
fa 
ce 
On Sep 13, 2013, at 3:33 PM, Amanda Kirby wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Yes. Money market is a banking wire. Below would be the instructions for Southern Trust: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA #: 
Account 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104457 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250641 
EFTA01449170

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449171.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Name: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attacfiment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
New York, NY. USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
<Mail Attacfiment.gif> 
From: 
'Jeanne Brennan-
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom©DBAMERICAS. 
Cc: 
'Harry Beller"' 
'Richard Kahn' 
Paul MorrlarebrebcomaDBAMERICAS 
Date: 
OW13,2013 03:24 PM 
Subject: RE: Mare instructions 
Amanda 
Please confirm that money market account wire instructions fall under Banking Accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
From: Amanda Kirby [rtaiittli ll 
Sent: Frida 
September 13, 
•
To 
Cc: 'Harry Beller'; 'Richard Kahn'; Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Wire instructions 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Below are the formats for both money market/checking account wires and brokerage. 
Banking Accounts: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA #. 
Account 
Account Name: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104458 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250642 
EFTA01449171

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449172.pdf
----------------------------------------
Brokerage Accounts: 
Bank of New York 
ABA #: 
Beneficiary: Pershing LLC 
Beneficiary Account # 
FFC Account Name: 
FFC Account #: 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachment gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA. 10154.0004 
Tel. +1(212)4544439 
Fax +1(646)863-9836 
Email amends kirbyedb.com 
<Mail Attachmentgif> 
From' 
'Jeanne Bremen' 
To. 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@DBA/AERICAS. 
Cc: 
"Richard Kahn"' <IMINIEllfl. 
- Hany Beller" < 
Data 
09/13/2013 02:30 PM 
Subject 
Wire instructions 
Amanda, 
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incoming wires for the Southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account 
numbe 
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104459 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250643 
EFTA01449172

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449173.pdf
----------------------------------------
Amanda Kirby 
<mail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
<mail Attachment.gif> 
From: Richard Kahn 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
morris/db/ 
Date: 09/16/2013 10:20 AM 
"'Harr Beller." a 
, Paul 
Subjec Re: wire instructions 
t: 
we were expecting a wire in the amount of 1,000,000 to this account 
either today or this week 
please advise if you see anything that may have hit or be in process 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New •r 
Y• 
10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
on Sep 13, 2013, at 3:33 PM, Amanda Kirby wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Yes. Money market is a banking wire. Below would be the instructions for 
Southern Trust: 
Deutsc 
• t Company Americas 
ABA #: 
Account #: 
Account Name: southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104462 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250646 
EFTA01449173

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449174.pdf
----------------------------------------
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From: "Jeanne Brennan" 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
Cc: 
"'Harr Beller'' < 
, "'Richard Kahn*" < 
>, Pau Morris 
Date: 09/13/2013 03:24 PM 
subje RE: wire instructions 
ct: 
Amanda 
Please confirm that money market account wire instructions fall under 
Banking Accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
From: Amanda Kirby [mailto: 
Sent: Frida 
Se tember 13, 2013 2:47 PM 
To:
Cc: Harry Be er ; Richard Kahn'; Paul Morris 
subject: Re: wire instructions 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Below are the formats for both money market/checking account wires and 
brokerage. 
Banking Accounts: 
Deutsch 
t Company Americas 
ABA #: 
Account #: 
Account Name: 
Brokerage Accounts: 
Bank o 
ABA #: 
Beneficiary: Pershing LLC 
Beneficiary Account if: 
FFC Account Name: 
FFC Account *: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104463 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250647 
EFTA01449174

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449175.pdf
----------------------------------------
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212)454-6439 
Fax +1(646)863-9836 
Email imil.Mingwom 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From: 
"Jeanne Brennan" 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@DBAmERIcAs, 
Cc: 
"'Richard Kahn'" < 
, "'Harry Beller'" < 
Date: 
09/13/2013 02:30 PM 
Subject wire instructions 
Amanda, 
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incoming wires for the 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. money market Account number
•
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104464 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250648 
EFTA01449175

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449176.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104466 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250650 
EFTA01449176

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449177.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104467 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250651 
EFTA01449177

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449178.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris loolawistiteloom. 
Sent: 
9/16/2013 6:08:27 PM 
To: 
Vahe Stepanian 
CC: 
Subject: 
southern financial/southern trust III 
classification: For internal use only 
we should start pulling together what we will need for ISDAS, i don't know who 
here runs with that so need help, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Di rector 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
mew York, NY 10154 
Office: 212-454-0701 
Cell: 917-971-2507 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104468 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250652 
EFTA01449178

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449179.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
9/16/2013 8:03:50 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
CC: 
Subject: 
Attachments: pic23090.gif 
Re: southern financial/southern trust fl] 
Kevin Quinn 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul, 
I CC'ed Kevin here who likely will be running point on ISDAs for Southern 
Financial and Trust. I thought we were going to wait until the assets are 
in-house to begin that process? 
Happy to help move forward regardless. 
Thank you, 
vahe 
(Embedded image moved to file: pi c23090 . gi f) 
vahe stepani an 
Associate I Markets coverage Group 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Email 
From: 
Paul Morri s 
To: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Cc: 
Date: 
09/16/2013 06:08 PM 
Subject: 
southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
we should start pulling together what we will need for ISDAs, i don't know who 
here runs with that so need help, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Di rector 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York 
NY 10154 
office: 
cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104469 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250653 
EFTA01449179

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449180.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104470 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250654 
EFTA01449180

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449181.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
9/16/2013 8:28:48 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
AUTO: Vahe Stepanian is out of the office. (returning 09/19/2013) 
I am out of the office until 09/19/2013. 
If 
ou need immediate assistance, 
• 
Thank you. 
Vahe 
please contact Ja Li man 
or Joe cothron 
Note: This is an automated response to your message "Re: southern 
financial/southern trust [I]" sent on 9/16/2013 8:25:56 PM. 
This is the only notification you will receive while this person is away. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104474 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250658 
EFTA01449181

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449182.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
9/16/201310:32:33 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
CC: 
Kevin Quin 
Subject: 
Re: southern financial southern trust (I) 
Attachments: pic28406.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
Agreed here. Should be simultaneous. Kevin, we'll follow up the same way we 
did for Grassie. Paul, be back to you in AM (apologies, I was in meetings the 
entire day today). 
TDS 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Markets Coverage Group 
Deutsche Bank securities, Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel: (212) 454-2889 
Mobile: (917) 327-4107 
Fax: (646) 257-3131 
E-mail: tazia.smith0db.com 
 Original Message  
From: Paul morris 
Sent: 09/16/2013 08:25 PM EDT 
To: vahe Stepanian 
Cc: Amanda Kirby; Tazia Smith; Kevin Quinn 
Subject: Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
NO we should try dual track whenever possible, kevin pls call me tomorrow so 
we get it moving, thanks 
 Original Message  
From: vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 09/16/2013 08:03 PM EDT 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Amanda Kirby; Tazia smith; Kevin Quinn 
Subject: Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul, 
I cc'ed Kevin here who likely will be running point on ISDAs for southern 
Financial and Trust. I thought we were going to wait until the assets are 
in-house to begin that process? 
Happy to help move forward regardless. 
Thank you, 
vahe 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28406.gif) 
vahe stepanian 
Associate I markets Coverage Group 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104475 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250659 
EFTA01449182

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449183.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile
Email 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
, Vahe Stepanian/db/dbcom@OBAmericas, 
Cc: 
Date: 
09/16/2013 06:08 PM 
Subject: 
southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
we should start pulling together what we will need for ISDAs, i don't know who 
here runs with that so need help, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104476 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250660 
EFTA01449183

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449184.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104477 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250661 
EFTA01449184

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449185.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
17 2013 2:33:16 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20130917 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/16/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT I 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104478 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250662 
EFTA01449185

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449186.pdf
----------------------------------------
On Sep 13, 2013, at 3:33 PM, Amanda Kirby wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Yes. Money market is a banking wire. Below would be the instructions for Southern Trust: 
Deutsch 
n Trust Company Americas 
ABA # 
Account #: 
Account Name: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
New York NY U 
10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Ems 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From: 
"Jeanne Brennan" 
To: 
Amanda Kirby' 
Cc: 
^Harry BeNer 
Date 
09/13/2013 03:24 PM 
Subject RE: Wire instructions 
"'Richard Kahn 
Paul Mona 
Amanda 
Please confirm that money market account wire instructions fall under Banking Accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
From: Amanda Kirby [maillo_ 
Sent: Friday, September 13, 201 
:47 PM 
To  
Cc: 'Harry Beller'; 'Richard Kahn'; Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: Wire instructions 
Classification: Public 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104480 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250664 
EFTA01449186

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449187.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449187.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hi Jeanne, 
Below are the formats for both money market/checking account wires and brokerage. 
Banking Accounts: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA # 
Account #: 
Account Name: 
Brokerage Accounts: 
Bank of New York 
ABA #: 
Beneficiary: Pershing LLC 
Beneficiary Account #: ■ 
FFC Account Name: 
FFC Account #: 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachmentgif,
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 1015443004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From' 
'Joanne Brennan* 
To. 
Amanda Kirbyrdb/dbcomeDBAMERICAS. 
Cc. 
-Richard Kahn". 
Mairl Beller
Date. 
09,13/2013 D2:30 PM 
Subject 
Me instructions 
Amanda, 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104481 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250665 
EFTA01449187

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449188.pdf
----------------------------------------
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incoming wires for the Southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account 
numbellIIIIIII 
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104482 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250666 
EFTA01449188

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449189.pdf
----------------------------------------
Yes. Money market is a banking wire. Below would be the instructions for 
Southern Trust: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA /7: 021001033 
Account if: 44129244 
Account Name: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<mail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From: "Jeanne Brennan" < 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
"'Harr Geller'" < 
, 
"Richard Kahn'" < 
, Pau Morris b/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
Date: 09/13/2013 03:24 PM 
Subje RE: Wire instructions 
ct: 
Amanda 
Please confirm that money market account wire instructions fall under 
Banking Accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
From: Amanda Kirby [mailto: 
Sent: Frida 
Se tember 13, 2013 2:47 PM 
To:
Cc: Harry Be er ; Richard Kahn'; Paul Morris 
Subject: Re: wire instructions 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Below are the formats for both money market/checking account wires and 
brokerage. 
Banking Accounts: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104484 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250668 
EFTA01449189

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449190.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA #: 
Account
Account Name: 
Brokerage Accounts: 
Bank of New York 
ABA I': SSP 
Beneficiary: Pershing LLC 
Beneficiary Account #: 
FFC Account Name: 
FFC Account #: 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<mail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212)454-6439 
Fax +1(646)863-9836 
Email amanda.kirby@db.com 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From: 
"Jeanne Brennan" 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcomelDBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
"'Richard Kahn"' 
Date: 
09/13/2013 02:30 PM 
Subject wire instructions 
Amanda, 
>, "'Harry Geller'" < 
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incomin wires for the 
southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account number 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104485 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250669 
EFTA01449190

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449191.pdf
----------------------------------------
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104486 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250670 
EFTA01449191

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449192.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449192.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104487 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250671 
EFTA01449192

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449193.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104488 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250672 
EFTA01449193

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449194.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
From: 
Paul morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
tazia.smith@db.com, vahe stepanian/db/dbcom@DBAmericas, 
cc: 
amanda.kirby@db.com 
Date: 
09/16/2013 06:08 PM 
Subject: 
southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
we should start pulling together what we will need for ISDAs, i don't know who 
here runs with that so need help, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
34S Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104490 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250674 
EFTA01449194

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449195.pdf
----------------------------------------
ISDA preliminary requirements: 
1) New Account Forms (PWM Account) — n/a 
2) Name of Counterparty -
3) Authorized trading persons (email, phone and fax) —
4) Primary contact with regards to documentation (email, phone and fax) -
5) 2 years of financial statements (audited preferred) -
6) Ownership Structure and Purpose 
7) Bank Statements (if client does not hold a lot of assets with DB) - 
Preliminary Background Information: 
***Documents should be less than a year old, if possible 
1) Legal Name and Address of account —
2) Account contact email, telephone number, fax number —
3) Trading Capacity (as Agent or Principal) -
4) Nature of Business -
5) If trading as Agent/Investment Manager, we will need to know the Legal Entity Names of the 
Managed (sub) Accounts —
6) US Tax ID Number for US Domiciled Accounts -
7) Corporate Resolution Letter / Certificate of Incorporation Certificate of Limited Partnership — 
Trading Relationship Authority - Corporate Resolution, etc. If needed, you may also 
complete the attached blanket Corporate Resolution. This document should be printed on your 
company letter head, fully executed and returned to us. - 
8) An Investment Management Agreement/Investment Advisory Agreement or Trading 
Authorization —
9) Name of a Senior/Controller Officer (CEO, COO, CFO, Principal) —
10) All legal representatives (List of Directors - Registrar of Directors/Annual Report/3rd Party 
Auditor/internal Legal Counsel) -
11) Senior Management - 5 Control Person(s) or all if fewer -
12) List of all Ultimate Beneficial Owners (25% or more): 
a. Full Legal Name -
b. Nationality -
c. Date of Birth -
d. Exact amount of ownership interest -
e. Source of wealth -
For above UBOs with Nationality from Level 314 Country, Government Photo ID e.g. Passport/ 
Driving License required 
Ownership must be documented with Operating Agreements if this lists a breakdown with along with 
a percentage of holdings of the Ultimate Beneficial Owners. Also may be done through Share 
Register/ Annual Report/ Reliable 3rd party/ Internal Legal Counsel. "If there are no such 
individuals nor entities please provide an email or letterhead with a statement to that effect. The 
information must be provided by a senior manager, internal counsel, compliance officer, etc. - 
10) Settlement Instructions (Full DTC instructions needed for account opening coming directly 
from the client) — 
11) Products that Account is interested in trading - 
'"Please keep in mind depending on the Entity Type of the Account, additional documentation or due 
diligence may be required from TMG QA 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104491 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250675 
EFTA01449195

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449196.pdf
----------------------------------------
we were expecting a wire in the amount of 1,000,000 to this account either today or this week 
please advise if you see anything that may have hit or be in process 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Sep 13, 2013, at 3:33 PM, Amanda Kirby wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Hi Jeanne, 
Yes. Money market is a banking wire. Below would be the instructions for Southern Trust: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
ABA #: 
Accoun 
Account Name: Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Best. 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
New Y 
A 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
From. 
'Jeanne Brennan' El
v 
To. 
Amanda K,rbY 
'Harry Beier'•• • 
v.- RChwA Kahn' 
Paul MoMsr 
Date: 
09/13/2013 03 24 PM 
Subject: RE: Wire instructions 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104494 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250678 
EFTA01449196

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449197.pdf
----------------------------------------
TO7 
AmanclaKMwMbitibeem DBAMERICAS. 
Cc 
"Richard Kahn'" < 
. "Harry goer -
Date: 
OW13ZA302:30PM 
Subject: 
Wire instructions 
Amanda, 
Please provide me with the wire instructions for incoming wires for the Southern Trust Company, Inc. Money Market Account 
number 
In addition please send wire instructions for brokerage type accounts. 
Thanks 
Jeanne 
Th- is communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
Th- is communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
Th- is communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104496 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250680 
EFTA01449197

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449198.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
9/17/2013 11:00:20 AM 
To: 
Troy-D Williams 
CC: 
Paul Morris-; 
Kevin Quinn 
Subject: 
KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) [II 
Attachments: pic09048.gif; pic13957.gif; pic28218.gif 
Caroline Kitidis 
Classification: For internal use only 
Troy - southern Financial/southern Trust (Epstein) is a new, significant, 
active relationship that we are on-boarding to KCP. Once we obtain the 
information for the ISDA template (per below), can we please have a brief 
meeting among all of us on this email to discuss the relationship (like we did 
for Grassie, Cindy's client) to ensure that we are all on the same page from a 
credit and timing perspective? 
Thank You, 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic09048.gif) 
Tazia smith 
Director I Key client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th FloorT 
r 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic13957.gif) 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 09/17/2013 10:S6 AM 
From: 
Kevin Quinn/db/dbcom 
To: 
Paul morris/db 
Date: 
09/17/2013 10:14 AM 
Subject: 
Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
Amanda, 
I am going through the account opening process while the ACAT forms are out. 
In the meantime, can you please fill out the credit's ISDA template and 
retrieve the relevant financials etc? I am happy to answer any questions. 
[attachment "ISDA Preliminary Requirements - collection Sheet.docx" deleted by 
Tazia smith/db/dbcom] 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104498 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250682 
EFTA01449198

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449199.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
vahe Stepanian/db/dbcom@D8Americas, 
Cc: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcomeDBAMERICAS, Tazia Smith/db/dbcomOOBAMERICAS, Kevin 
Quinn/db/dbcom@DBAMERIcAs 
Date: 
09/16/2013 08:25 PM 
subject: 
Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
No we should try dual track whenever possible, kevin pls call me tomorrow so 
we get it moving, thanks 
 Original Message  
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 09/16/2013 08:03 PM EDT 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Amanda Kirby; Tazia Smith; Kevin Quinn 
Subject: Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul, 
I CC'ed Kevin here who likely will be running point on ISDAs for Southern 
Financial and Trust. I thought we were going to wait until the assets are 
in-house to begin that process? 
Happy to help move forward regardless. 
Thank you, 
vahe 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28218.gif) 
vahe stepanian 
Associate I markets coverage Group 
Deutsche Sank securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. (212) 454-1539 
Fax (646) 257-3131 
mobile (347) 854-4676 
Email vahe.stepanian@db.com 
From: 
Paul morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
vahe Stepanian/db/dbcom@DBAmericas, 
Cc: 
Date: 
09/16/2013 06:08 PM 
Subject: 
southern financial/southern trust [I] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104499 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250683 
EFTA01449199

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449200.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: For internal use only 
we should start pulling together what we will need for ISDAs, i don't know who 
here runs with that so need help, thx 
Paul Morris 
managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104500 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250684 
EFTA01449200

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449201.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104502 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250686 
EFTA01449201

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449202.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104503 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250687 
EFTA01449202

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449203.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
; Caroline Kitidis 
Subject: 
Re:SIC [Cj 
Attachments: DB Research - Asian Currencies 8.23.13.pdf; FX Perspectives July 13.pdf; fx_blueprintl6may2013.pdf; The Dollar Is 
Back 2.28.13.pdf; DB Research - Bullish US Equities Despite Higher Rates 8.26.13.pdf; pic16452.gif; pic31000.gif; 
pic14930.gif; pic19638.gif; pic01988.gif; pic2S246.gif 
Tazia Smith 
9/17/2013 12:33:24 PM 
classification: confidential 
Hi Laurie - This will be included with the isda negotiation, but I would guide 
you indicatively to 10%. Call me and we can discuss that. Attached here is 
some of the research we spoke of yesterday. I like our Exchange Rate 
Perspectives piece (typically published quarterly) because in addition to 
themes and regional summaries, it has DB Global Markets Research's forecasts 
consolidated nicely in the early pages. Also, we made a bullish USD call in 
Feb that is the undertone of our analyst's views this year. Please see 
attached. Last but not least, please note that I am making progress on the 
Autobahn front and can confirm that the functionality is indeed 24 hours and 
inclusive of OTC options, forwards, etc. I'll 
be back to you with more on 
that today as we talked about. 
Kind Regards, 
Tazia 
(See attached file: DB Research - Asian Currencies 8.23.13.pdf)(See attached 
file: FX Perspectives July 13.pdf) 
(See attached file: fx_blueprintl6may2013.pdf)(See attached file: The Dollar 
Is Back 2.28.13.pdf)(See attached file: DB Research - Bullish US Equities 
Despite Higher Rates 8.26.13.pdf) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic16452.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email tazia.smith@db.com 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic31000.gif) 
From: 
Laurie Cameron 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
09/17/2013 11:05 AM 
Subject: 
Re: STC [C] 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104504 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250688 
EFTA01449203

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449204.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hi Tazia, 
If you could also please give me ideas of how collateral used for g-20 
currencies (mostly vs usd for now) on fx options I would appreciate it, too. 
Thank you. 
Laurie 
On Mon, Sep 16, 2013 at 1:07 PM, Tazia Smith 
wrote: 
classification: confidential 
Apologies that I didn't have the Autobahn answers confirmed yet. Be back to 
you with clarification ASAP. 
Truly, 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic14930.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19638.gif) 
From: 
Laurie cameron 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db 
Date: 
09/16/2013 01:05 PM 
subject: 
Re: sTc [c] 
Hi Tazia 
Thank you very much for your time. I look forward to working with you. 
Laurie 
On Mon, Sep 16, 2013 at 12:42 PM, TAZiA Smith 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Laurie - Yes, 2:30 should work, 2:45 would be even better (I've got a 2pm 
that should run 30min). Or feel free to call me anytime now until 2pm. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104505 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250689 
EFTA01449204

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449205.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kind Regards, 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01988.gif) 
Tazia smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax +1 
mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic25246.gif) 
From: 
To: 
Date: 
Subject: 
Hi Tazia, 
I hope that 
dealing and 
I wonder if 
Many thanks. 
Laurie 
Laurie Cameron 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, 
09/16/2013 12:15 PM 
STC 
you are well. I would like to schedule a time to discuss 
your option trading system when you have a minute, please. 
you have time at 2 15 or 230 today to discuss this? 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104506 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250690 
EFTA01449205

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449206.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 2013 
Update: Asia's currency laggards need policy clarity and some breathing room 
1% of ext debt in short-term, residual maturity basis 
45.O-
40.0 
35.0 1. 
30.0 1 
25.0 3-
mo 
15.0 r
10.0 
o.o 
India 
Indonesia 
Malaysia 
Sane WC IMP. aulvew M* Csmo. 11Arise Snag Oa main It mon*4 avagang favor ovary Spat 
Indonesia and Malaysia are also vulnerable to bond market outflows 
considering the large chunk of their markets owned by foreign investors. The 
interesting development of the past few months however has been that India 
has faced more outflows (USD7.6bn in June-July)• perhaps due to the fact that 
it is the only country among the three that is not a part of a major bond index, 
thus drawing more fickle investors. Going forward, however• Malaysia's 
vulnerability is considerable on this metric. Beyond bond holdings, India and 
Malaysia are also at risk from equity investors, who have been large net buyers 
(USD36.9bn and USD9.3bn. respectively) of their stocks since early 2012. 
{Foreign ownership of local currency bonds 
60% 
50% 
40% 
30% — 
20% 
10% 
0% 
India 
Indonesia 
Malaysia 
tarot CAC Noestang FIVOCI UP, Alai* 
M11 
It must be appreciated though that none of these economies appear to be in 
danger of falling into an outright currency crisis. Reserves cover, despite recent 
declines, is still ample. Even when one adds up the entire stock of short-term 
liabilities with the projected current account needs for this year, all three 
economies have reserves to finance them comfortably. The situation is 
nowhere close to past episodes of balance of payments crisis• when the need 
to seek support from an external lender (like the IMF) was warranted. 
Stabilization of global markets could provide breathing room for policy makers 
in these countries. In the meantime, however, a good deal of fire-fighting is 
warranted. Measures to expedite fiscal and external balance adjustment will 
soothe investor fears. Monetary management is also critical, especially with 
regards to the signals being sent to market participants. Both India and 
Indonesia have taken steps in recent months that have been construed as 
Page 2 
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104509 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250693 
EFTA01449206

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449207.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 2013 
Update: Asia's currency laggards need policy clarity and some breathing room 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
Additional information available upon request 
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this 
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our 
website at htto://qm.db.corn/qeddisclosure/DisclosureDirectorv.ecisr 
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, 
the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation 
or view in this report. Taimur Beig 
Page 4 
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104511 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250695 
EFTA01449207

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449208.pdf
----------------------------------------
David Folkerts-Landau 
Global Head of Research 
Marcel Cassard 
Global Head 
CB&S Research 
1.,,statacific 
Fergus Lynch 
Regional Head 
International Locations 
Ralf Hoffmann & Bernhard Speyer 
Co-Heads 
DB Research 
Guy Ashton 
Chief Operating Officer 
Research 
Andreas Neubauer 
Regional Head 
Richard Smith 
Associate Director 
Equity Research 
North America 
Steve Renard 
Regional Head 
Bootsen.) Bank AG 
Dentscho Bank AG 
OSSICSCilA S31' AG 
Deutsche 54,Jcui eicel lno 
Deutsche Bank Place 
GroBeGallusstrage 10-14 
Filiale Hongkong 
2.11-1 Nagatacho 
Level 16 
60272 Frankfurt am Main 
International Commerce Contre 
Sanno Park Tower 
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets 
Genman 
I Austin Road West.Kosoloon, 
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-6171 
Sydney. NSW 2000 
Tol 149) 69 910 00 
Hong Kale 
Japan 
Australia 
Tol: P352)22038888 
Tel: (81) 3 5156 6770 
Tel (6 I) 2 8258 1234 
Dohocho thi 
A1., l on.j.a• 
t4“ 
grt4 
Great Wncheeter Street 
Wall Street 
London EC2N 2E0 
New York, NY 10005 
United Kingdom 
United States of America 
Tel (44120 7545 8000 
Tel: 111 212 750 2500 
Global Disclaimer 
Th* ~ba 
and eptinbni in INS nitael win prepated br NMKN Bink AG or ene of as atleten OCANCIkety 'Pisbak, Bath te* aformaton neer, a beaat to Ce Mala and Ns been abram, frons baba 
~es 
braad to bs Mare Dodere Bak malies no partner een is to Ira accunet or complabass ot san ddon-uton 
Dauwen* Bak rray mees In storm ornaat nnh on • propeasov bun el efterwaa a • renner neonelven. ra tbr inve liaan in Ine maar neon In Sart 
enken vorm ~sen 
Bank. •Øm° 
Infr•j411 And salon rite mar taks.. ar« she a reoronreni wa inas Ira aa* raeren repon 
Conans. beman and peen:ron, a Ika neen tommin ~carnet :armer 
IX n 
stoer ie af th* aa* ol Inn neon tvry do nat raceibab rabat ers arre. 
e1 bilune Bank re aa sober lo change 
talhout nafta Deerns Bank Ns no Obigaban t0 aart 
nader or aft0•31^0 marl ot te oe-ambt rotha  reCipenl erna en 9y want Ine a ny Opmaat delreel r *stas . sr kin!, taart <hanen Of 
frubseawfiuy brems educaties pita and araibbilly ti  feacial intranals we baars to Praha adaul nel Ir Thn naat n prooded Iq trilorrnitenel purpers ons, n n al an rear or a errata 
of an 
offer Ia ba/ or sant( rara' 
inendments blo Meeree on are pariater Varp taant , Tart pres in inbare, zeegaine *ne I radon Ol IN natst roSarbal As • rasa ot Certscne Br* s Mach 1010 
acchnthon et Bei-Bank AG. a sociale emir be arrend sy mart aan one rasse nam tre Dehare Bark grove ten cd these anders ~sr test aalup onearaabeas to vara da .KWYY 45 • mal. Ins 
rrommentistons enry dab ani aa pree trees and ••••••1•4 Of ta:h mrt bry W4•1" The 'brom roln.rnants discvssed in ais tepel 0w1 n>1 bs bacil* lor al noire, taf rorion mat mikt Inca aan 
anesurara randde Stoet omsabans 
bad to hash ita • tree IX µK* teder nos ad neen laars X a Instaand nataal 
a rroinnattel n *anorak ras !ban rr.. IN•140es berench a change 
et inga mrt mar amben/ afren Ons inteitmat Past palormanCe 4 not neertrek roeem* ot mum neon. Deunalw flentt eerei ars mort te broer 
c
artad br ets neon, salt k> ta bat bom 
<oscars on a printer ble. and centra aes report in dading to nart oer a paµe4ry bars 
Denrinves stanssateus ineorn waas 
ral endpro. mare Othen, Inrit" ceaterpany deara w 
ensaday nek Me appnaprestaar er onnerase of VWO, prooats lot tra ty masten n d.Ø1 
en tee 
tonden tam Cl ~ad" 
Katodre ihe• ta. PO*C”" 1Tch, naasten/ anrannarit and :ha retta• ol Ilwc oen« mala and barn 
and 4t s'.0" nonnen Vale tite aan »gal and f ~beid alnca baant 
aap mto any pat ntabanAmbt et er trnpored br na torren et sen artsen 
Tarnen ebben eboba nik and n rot stenen lor alanten 
haar to breng or nling an oren maren mat twen be 
thafactenstes ard RoblelY Suribubnird Opeens.- at bnp *wen aar 
convcomporantabestrasiec PO 
X )lh.1 are aan 
to acces e* kasba* ars* enlid C•Uthrh, Park AG n • I 0111 150-7>34. lor • 
t epy ol t. . ananas dromen 
Th* rak Of 10.3 .4 ruwe. turn 
/oen n or damar,- ten b .."4""' 
As 
rensolth.  nym Team* a‘ Walker Orratable n raap nu n0. Knor In« N Moral dat ret graas INn Ins *moer ot rads 
enode deOrted 
Lear graag 
Sa roods Wanne.. 
roman tra snode to 'metra debiet. Ins Cbtruche Bank asey n Ins wanten hom* ;Nidnavn in na LI S ens report n appand arehr oerbar 
br Derisens 
Bak Sabra. loc, a mandaat MIM haSE tra ?<ASO. lka A and SIFC rn Gemeen bb nibon n nexuani rdjr 
cemmuncatal by Dalave Bank AS Frankfort auttorrad by ti faam In ere braad Kapdom ns 
woon n •Mr0Ved •-•JáT, erronondaef by Deod'. Bak AG tenen a ~ba 
ol a» aansla Stoet &ronkte ad muldtid by th* Farel 
5•0•5C•6 Adeonty lor Me cradel el ~rover 
kamer tri IN UK 
and Aterdad by rat Bah thi Iran 
•/•!totAffild ree HaN Kond by dart* 
tank AG Mabe Kano &inch. in KOM...bv Leasen Saaist Ken. Co Ths raga a chertuad en Sen:~ 
by drab* 
Sak AA 
Smartte raren ot Coutarta Schoon SIn 1,4100. SI noen bare t ard taant/ms m Spaeb OHM! rbreb art la ceneKt beaat* Bank AG Sr•pliftt• ColIKII of Deurah raaien No Lee*. Sorteren 
Batch n respect er *nv meten bnp kom, or in cantrun ene ara neon ~aai. 
rabat a raki Or domut bad 
5,9•00.• re a panen wroeter an acoadrial amber .5•M .eeteb er verwenst 
knV•140, (th Para n 
aparable Sauteer. am And naders% Dwasda Bats aa Sneoportr Onnet or Daarna raat" 
Aha trad. Sneert, ere, lauws apr rasponsibetv to star vanen lor :br 
penant of ne repen in Japan ets report is *poesta anaal dijWittAdd tri Cateschie Secerrts Mc Ti.. itionnaton centsral in :hts boon does net constntaelles roman of atnsimar *dna In Aattask feta 
drab eestte *abn • copy ol a gereden C.+40:4 sr* Save-aam IPJSI na re to we 'maand ~ai 
°farad te n eks rapen and onder re POS talon mark, ani ~taan 0~J Vbh•tha te aqua, ten product 
disticha Bank AG Johermesboop4 trarprinad n IN Tarn/ /boette ot Gentainy Ottioxl. Alerte ?lemen Ser" Alna 1012/0331421, 01 Autonel nrorma en •14•Ih• lo 1•CUTTI10, «lef banaal prodects of 
eban decussed an eis neon n rakere span mouw Thee tapen mrt tol be resrod ace. dittrand et pubished ty ent penen lot ene report kashba Uhafichet Bank'. gaar wier canard kaar ob tear ce 
tata gaine 
Geprate 2 2013 Dattecra Bons AG 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104513 
SDNY_GM_00250697 
EFTA01449208

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449209.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Markets Research 
Global 
Foreign Exchange 
FX Spot 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
July 2013 
(diver I tarvetv 
Macro strategist 
1+44120 754-51947 
oliver.harvey@db.com 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MICA1P) 054/04/2013. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104514 
SDNY_GM_00250698 
EFTA01449209

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449210.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449210.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Table Of Contents 
Currency Forecasts  
The Big Picture: 
FX and the Financial Transaction Tax  
Monitors: 
G10 FX Valuation Monitor: Lines in the sand  
Capital Flows and Basic Balances 
Commodity Price and Currency Monitor  
U.S. Trade Balance 
Central Bank Reserves Currency Composition Monitor   46 
Page 2 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104515 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250699 
EFTA01449210

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449211.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Currency Forecasts 
Industrialized Countries 
Currency 
US $ Exchange Rates 
Spot 
3M 
SM 12M 
U.S. 
DB USD Index 
Euro 
EURNSD 
1.33 1.26 1.20 1.18 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1.33 1.33 1.33 
Japan 
USD/JPY 
102 110 112 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 
U.K. 
GSPMSD 
1.53 1.47 1.41 1.40 
(Fwd. Rates) 
• 1.53 1.53 1.53 
Canada 
USD/CAD 
1.03 1.00 1.02 1.04 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 1.03 1.03 1.04 
Australia 
AUDAJSD 
0.92 0.98 0.98 0.95 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 0.91 0.91 0.90 
N2. 
NZD/USD 
0.80 0.80 0.80 0.77 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 0.80 0.79 0.78 
Switzerland USD/CHF 
0.93 0.99 1.04 1.06 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 0.93 0.93 0.93 
Euro Cross Rates 
Japan 
EUR/JPY 
130 129 132 132 
(Fwd. Rates) 
130 130 130 
U.K. 
EUR/GBP 
0.86 0.86 0.85 0.84 
(Fwd. Rates) 
0.86 0.86 0.87 
Switzerland EUR/CHF 
1.23 1.25 1.25 1.24 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 1.23 1.23 1.23 
Norway 
EUR/NOK 
7.86 7.35 7.25 7.15 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 7.88 7.91 7.97 
Sweden 
EUR/SEK 
8.58 8.25 8.05 8.00 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 8.60 8.62 8.66 
.beat' Oar" 
Moortaberp Thaw Lit DS /MOM 
Latin America 
Currency 
Spot 
3M 
6M i2M 
Argentina USD/ARS 
5.49 5.60 5.98 6.62 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 4.63 4.87 533 
Brazil 
USD/BRL 
2.26 2.12 2.15 2.17 
(Fwd. Rates) 
231 235 2.44 
Chile 
USD/CLP 
509 
505 502 
500 
(Fwd. Rates) 
516 521 531 
Colombia 
USD/COP 
1887 1910 1930 1950 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 1907 1924 1960 
Mexico 
USD/MXN 
12.7 12.6 12.1 11.9 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 12.8 12.9 13.1 
Snot Dainon, Rage; IlbenSerp Mtn Lem twee 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Asia 
Currency 
Spot 
3M 
6M 
12M 
China 
USD/CNY 
6.13 
6.13 
6.15 
6.07 
(Fwd. Rates) 
6.17 
6.20 
625 
Hong Kong USDA-IKD 
736 
7.77 
7.80 
7.80 
(Fwd. Rates) 
7.75 
7.75 
7.75 
India 
USDANR 
592 
57.0 
55.0 
55.0 
(Fwd. Rates) 
60.6 
61.8 
63.9 
Indonesia 
USDA0R 
10278 10500 10500 10000 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 10723 11000 11412 
Malaysia 
USD/MYR 
3.24 
3.17 
3.15 
3.13 
(Fwd. Rates) 
• 
3.26 
3.27 
3.30 
Philippines 
USD/PHP 
433 
42.6 
42.3 
413 
(Fwd. Rates) 
43.3 
43.4 
43.6 
Singapore 
USD/SG D 
1.27 
1.27 
1.28 
1.30 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1.27 
1.27 
1.27 
South Korea USD/KRW 
1112 
1130 
1120 
1130 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1118 
1122 
1127 
Taiwan 
USD/1WD 
29.9 
30.0 
29.6 
29.7 
(Fwd. Rates) 
29.9 
29.8 
29.7 
Thailand 
USD/THB 
31.1 
30.5 
30.0 
30.0 
(Fwd. Rates) 
313 
31.4 
31.7 
San CISISOM Rosen Soombeep ',Moat": De AVOONO 
!Emerging Europe 
Currency 
Spot 
3M 
OM 
2M 
Czech Rep. EUR/CZK 
25.9 
25.8 
25.6 
253 
(Fwd. Rates) 
25.9 
25.8 
25.8 
USD/CZK 
19.5 
20.5 
21.3 
21.5 
(Fwd. Rates) 
19.5 
19.5 
19.4 
Hungary 
EUR/HUF 
299 
285 
279 
275 
(Fwd. Rates) 
301 
304 
308 
USD/HUF 
224 
226 
233 
234 
(Fwd. Rates) 
227 
229 
232 
Poland 
EUR/PLN 
4.21 
4.13 
4.00 
4.00 
(Fwd. Rates) 
4.24 
4.26 
4.31 
USD/PLN 
3.18 
3.28 
3.33 
3.40 
(Fwd. Rates) 
3.20 
3.21 
3.25 
Russia 
USDIRUB 
32.8 
31.8 
31.8 
32.0 
(Fwd. Rates) 
303 
30.9 
31.5 
Turkey 
USD/FRY 
1.92 
1.94 
1.95 
1.98 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1.96 
1.99 
2.07 
South Africa USD/ZAR 
9.78 
9.90 
9.70 
9.50 
(Fwd. Rates) 
9.90 10.04 10.32 
Son Decoosort Ram Sloarteg "ante LP. OS ravens 
Page
CONFIDENTIAL- PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104516 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250700 
EFTA01449211

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449212.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
member states. In February 2013, the European Commission published its detailed 
proposal of the FTT under the aegis of an enhanced cooperation agreement. 
The proposal closely mirrors that of the September 2011 original. Transactions in 
securities will be taxed at 0.1% of their notional value, transactions in derivatives at 
0.01 % of their notional value. Financial institutions will be captured by the tax with 
a few exemptions. Non-financial institutions are not directly liable to pay the HT. 
However, financial entities will be liable to pay when undertaking transactions with 
non-financial entities. Any trade involving a counterparty established in, or a 
financial instrument issued in a participating member state will be captured. 
The FIT would have wide ranging implications for the FX industry. While FX spot 
transactions will not be taxed, forwards, swaps, NDFs and options may be taxed. 
These products currently make up nearly two thirds of FX market turnover.' 
Transactions in these products would be taxed at the rate for derivatives. While the 
FTT is only being introduced in 11 member states, the extra-territorial impact of the 
FTT under the current proposal is wide, and would have a significant effect on all 
major global trading centres of foreign exchange. 
The European Commission's proposal still has some way to go before it is agreed, 
let alone implemented. The eleven member states will continue to debate the 
proposal until it achieves unanimous agreement. In recent weeks there has been 
speculation over the future of the FTT after participating member states wrote to 
the European Commission for clarification on key details and EC officials 
acknowledged that implementation by the target date was unlikely!.
In its current form, the FIT would dramatically increase transaction costs for FX 
markets with the likely result of effectively closing the non-spot FX market in 
Europe. Indirect impacts would include changes to market structure, shifts in the 
behaviour of investors and hedgers and the relocation of global liquidity hubs. 
In research carried out for the Global FX Division of the Global Financial Markets 
Association, Oliver Wyman estimated that the FIT would result in price increases 
of up to 1790% at the short end of the FX swap market (1 week EUR/USD swap) 
and 270% at the long end (6 month EUFVUSD swap).` Looking at the average 
transaction costs for FX swaps in recent years, the impact of the FIT would be 
comparable to the rise in transaction costs around the Lehman liquidity crisis. 
These costs would be magnified further by the FX market's high turnover and deal 
velocity. Many market participants roll shorter-dated FX forwards and swaps for 
liquidity management, asset-liability matching and short-term funding purposes. 
Each transaction would be captured by the FTT, while the impact on short-dated 
instruments is far higher than long-dated instruments. 
The effective rate of the FTT would also be higher than the headline rate. This is 
because the FTT would apply to every step and, where applicable, leg of a 
transaction. By definition, swaps and forwards trade with multiple legs and often 
The Enhanced Cooperation procedure allows member states to proceed with integration within the 
structures of the EU but without the participation of Si member states 
BIS Manner FX Survey. September 2010 
tin 3T May 2013 spokesperson for EC Tax and Customs Algirdas Semeta acknowledged that 
implementation by the 2014 target date was 'unlikely.' 
Proposed EU Commission Financial Transaction Tax Impact Analysis on Foreign Exchange Markets, 
Oliver VVyrronJtorsay 2012 
Page 6 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104519 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250703 
EFTA01449212

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449213.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
transaction. For example, where a dealer provides liquidity to a financial entity and 
simultaneously hedges the same transaction with a third counterpany, afl three 
entities are likely to be caught. 
The FX industry would be impacted by this cascade effect. FX is an intermediated 
market, with several potential stages between the client and ultimate liquidity 
provider. These stages have evolved in response to demand for tighter pricing and 
a more efficient market. For example, in the case of an NDF transaction, a dealer is 
able to provide a better price for a client by being able to hedge that transaction 
through an offsetting one with a third counterpany. By discouraging this kind of 
intermediation, the FTI. may result in dealers providing wider prices for clients. 
By definition many FX transactions also contain multiple legs, each of may be 
subject to the FTT. For example, an FX swap is composed of two forward 
transactions, meaning that the FTT could be charged twice. FX transactions can 
also involve very large notionals, which would increase gross costs. 
As illustrated by the diagram below, a headline rate of 1bp translates into a much 
higher effective rate once the multiple steps of a typical FX transaction is taken into 
account. In this case, the final cost for a USD/iNFI NDF potentially increases up to 
8bp, meaning the absolute cost for a USD 10.000,000 notional becomes US() 
8,000. 
Figure 17 The FIT 'Cascade Effect' 
&madam =OMR 1 mceith 
M$. nmional USD 
10,000.000. ScIvenunc 
based on European 
toininnilan OnVinal and IS 
diugrative Only 
.t, 
Ell 
Total Final Cost 
Saga Past/0SM 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Financial Institutions 
ad World 
Bank 
an II) 
(1) 
New world 
Bank 
Non-financial Institutions 
Corporates Can Chown 
Bank 
Bank 
II) 
'V 
tst 
(1) 
(1) 
Bank 
Bank 
Bank 
Bank 
* 
Prime 
Broker 
Clearing
Haze 
O4.N1ug 
Broker 
Clewing 
8reskei 
CI' -nt 
Max: USD 8.000 
Min. USD 4,000 
( I 
Max: USD 8.000 
Min: USD4.800 
Max: USD 5001) 
Min: DSO 3,000 
ma
Max: USD 7,000 
Min: use 3,000 
Lism ck,it 
MM." 
Pays 9 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104522 
SDNY_GM_00250706 
EFTA01449213

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449214.pdf
----------------------------------------
Upto7 days 
days -1 year 
Over 1 year 
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 3: FX Forwards Percentage Global Turnover 
!Figure 4: FX Swaps Percentage Global Turnover 
1
•Pa rticipating member states 
■Global 
Scan 0.
 ant ea hieseraniet Anew 2010 
so 
-
-
- 
-
-
- 
■Participating member 
states 
■Global 
Over 1 year 
Upto 
7days-1year 
Sans Oats.* BM. ad masa Szavy. Swart 2070 
A Tax on the Real Economy 
Many have noted that the proposed FIT would have wide-ranging negative 
implications for financial markets, reducing trading volumes, disrupting short 
term funding markets and curtailing the profits of financial firms. 
The FTT would also have a significant impact on the real economy. The fact 
that the proposal does not exempt transactions involving non-financial 
corporations would result in costs being passed down to end users of 
derivatives. This would make hedging financial risks more expensive and less 
attractive, potentially increasing the volatility of firms' cash flow and share 
prices. 
Non-financial corporations use FX derivatives to hedge cash flow and balance 
sheet risks arising from currency fluctuations. As the largest economy among 
the participating member states and one of the foremost proponents of the 
FTT, a useful case study is the impact the tax would have on German importers 
and exporters. 
Surveys suggest that an overwhelming majority of German corporates use 
derivatives to hedge FX risks. Using a simple approach based on German 
trade and BIS data, assumptions about hedging ratios, hedge rollovers and 
basis point cost per transaction, we calculate that the FTT would impose an 
annual cost of anywhere between EUR 1 to 2.4bn on German importers and 
exporters. Using export elasticities from the IMF we calculate that German 
exports could be reduced by as much as EUR 3.3bn per year. 
In recent years, German exports to outside the Eurozone have grown as the 
economy has responded to weak demand in the single currency area. 
Germany's relatively strong growth compared the rest of the Eurozone is in no 
small part due to this flexibility, with exports to East Asia in particular playing 
an important role. The FTT would hamper Germany's export flexibility by 
See, for example, International Capital Market Association report, 'The Impact of the Financial 
Transaction Tax on the European Repo Market. April 8' 2013 
Gordon Bodnar and Gunther Gebhardt. DOlivahVe$ Usage en Risk Management by US and German Non-
Fsnancol Firms A Comparative Study, 1999 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 11 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104524 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250708 
EFTA01449214

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449215.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
[Figure 5: Ex-Euro Area German exports have gained share 
70,000 
6014° 1 
50.000 I 
40,000 -I 
20.000 
—Euro-Area 
Non.EuroArea 
wpm 
German exports, 
-I 
—, 
Y 
mns. EUR 
Y 
Jan-93 Dec-95 Nov-98 Oct-01 Sep-04 Aug-07 Jul-10 
SaMWDOOMftergatWOOKOrOV*LP 
'Figure 6: Two ways of measuring the FTTs impact on German trade 
Fall in 
Maximum Estimated Impact* 
Basis Point Cost 
Direct tax on 
German exports, 
Direct tax on 
exports • 
German 
exports, EUR 
Hedge Rollover 
Trade 
Per Annum 
Hedging Ratio Intermediation Per Transaction 
EUR mns 
imports, EUR mns 
mns 
80% 
High 
1,325 
2,416 
3271 
60% 
Moderate 
414 
755 
1022 
50% 
Low 
138 
252 
341 
Minimum Estimated Impact" 
Trade 
Basis Point Cost 
Intermediation 
Per Transaction 
High 
Moderate 
Low 
Cost to 
German 
Corporates, 
EUR mns 
952 
794 
635 
•Estimates German merchandise trade exports and imports 2013 based on four quarter annualized 
growth rate. Basis point cost per transaction based on European Commission proposal. Hedging rollovers 
vary depending on exporter type and hedging policy. 
•• Data from BiS used to estimate annual German non-financlal turnover in EX forwards. This is a product 
of German share of work, trade and total non-financial FX forward turnover. 
Note. Calculation does not take account of corporate hedging strategies using options or swaps. 
Calculation is preliminary estimate only. 
Seine fleunct. $e•A 9%,, ,Crfw ...ox 
31$ Tem...a F. 
e.yy Snee,Y.,
Page 12 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104525 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250709 
EFTA01449215

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449216.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
A stated goal of the FIT is to reduce transactions that do not contribute to market 
efficiency. One aspect of efficient market functioning is the rapid incorporation of 
news into asset prices, or price discovery. Liu (2(X7) examined how market 
efficiency evolved in line with financial transaction taxes in Japan. He measured 
price discovery using the autocorrelation of returns in the Japanese securities 
market. In a more efficient market, new information should be incorporated 
immediately into asset prices. This should, in turn, reduce the autocorrelation of 
returns. Lui found that reductions in the financial transaction tax in the securities 
market reduced the autocorrelation of Japanese stock price changes, suggesting 
that financial transaction taxes diminish price discovery. 
A key feature of an efficient financial market is liquidity. This can be briefly 
summarized as the ability to transact when needed at a reasonable price. The best 
measure of liquidity is the bid-offer spread. We have already noted how bid-offer 
spreads would widen by the amount of tax that 'cascades' down the transaction. 
The FTT may widen bid-offer spreads still further through secondary effects. 
Academic evidence suggests that financial transaction taxes result in wider bid 
offer spreads. Pomeranets and Weaver (2011) study New York State Security 
Transaction Taxes on the NYSE and AMEX stock markets throughout the 20"' 
century. They found that financial transaction taxes had a strong positive 
correlation to bid-offer spreads. 
Figure 7: Historically. financial transaction taxes have led to wider bid-offer 
spreads 
Percentage change in New 
York State Stock Transfer 
Tax versus changes on 
bid-ask spread on sample 
stocks, NYSE & AMEX 
exchanges 
1.5 • 
• Mar-32 
e 
0.5 a . '
• Jul-66 
• Jun-33 
• 
So 
e 
OCI- 
• 
Aug-75 
-r-
Oct-81.• • 
Aug-7 
; 
Oct-80 
Jan-45 
-0.5 
-0.6% 
-0.4% 
-0.2% 
0.0% 
0.2% 
0.4% 
0.6% 
0.8% 
Changein tax 
Sown Rename en/ Wave. StalgY Din KW Tow ong Metere *arty. ant dents hWup Rpm Nonete 2011 
Wider bid-offer spreads would result in higher transaction costs for all market 
participants. In their research, Oliver Wyman estimated that based on a 70% fall in 
volumes, the most liquid G10 derivative products could see spreads widen by 
110%, while in less liquid G10 products spreads could widen by as much as 
200%. It is worth noting that under the European Commission's initial impact 
assessment a fall in derivative trading of 90% in participating countries was 
anticipated, suggesting that the Oliver Wyman estimates were conservative. 
Page 14 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104527 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250711 
EFTA01449216

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449217.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
It is also unclear as to whether the 'issuance principle' outlined in the 
European Commission's proposal would apply to the euro currency and euro-
denominated products. The ECB, which issues euro currency, is established in 
Frankfurt, one of the participating member states. If it were, the FTT would 
have far reaching effects across global financial markets given the euro's 
status as the world's second most traded currency and the importance of 
participating member states to the global economy. 
Anal thoughts 
As of the time of writing, there is uncertainty surrounding the future of the FTT. 
In April, participating member states wrote to the European Commission to ask 
for clarification on a number of key issues including how collection of revenues 
would work and how key terms such as 'purchase and sale' and 'netting and 
settlement,' were defined. 
The decision by the European Council to permit participating member states to 
enact the FTT using 'enhanced cooperation' is now subject to a legal challenge 
by the UK government. In addition, a number of European policymakers have 
expressed concerns over the tax, particularly concerning its impact on bank 
funding and credit. Most recently, the media have reported that the FTT is 
unlikely to be enacted in its current form. Last month, European Commission 
officials have acknowledged that implementation of the tax by January 2014 
now looks 'less likely.' 
In its current form, the FTT would have major adverse consequences for the FX 
markets. It would dramatically increase transaction costs for market 
participants. This could result in the effective closure of the non-spot FX 
market in participating member states. 
The Fri' would result in substantial costs to the real economy. The tax would 
be passed on to end users of FX derivatives, reducing corporate 
competitiveness and acting as a tax on extra-EMU exports. The FTT would also 
result in less liquid markets, impair market efficiency and widen bid-offer 
spreads. 
The design of the FTT may make it incompatible with existing global efforts at 
financial reform. By discouraging forms of financial intermediation, the FTT 
potentially runs counter to the goals of US and European legislation, which are 
to encourage greater clearing and margining of transactions in order to reduce 
credit risk. Ultimately, we hope that policy makers will take note of these 
considerations, and in particular take in the interests of non-financial 
corporations, pension funds and the real economy in their decision making 
process. 
Oliver Harvey, London, 
For example, Bundesbank President Jens Wadmenn in a speech in Dresden. 
Apnl 2013 and 
Bangue de France Governor Gimbal Noyer, in remake made to journalists 28' May 2013 
" Reuters Arida 'Europe Flan Maim Scaling Back of Finznaal Trading Tax, '30' May 2013 
Page 16 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104529 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250713 
EFTA01449217

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449218.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Leiser Disclaimer: This article is intended to provide background information only. Readers 
should consult with their legal and compliance advice's as to the potential enpact of any 
regulatoryProvisions noted in this &Ode upon their respective businesses 
The author would like to thank Bilal Hafeez and Matt Holmes for their help in 
writing this report. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 17 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104530 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250714 
EFTA01449218

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449219.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
G10 FX Valuation Monitor Lines in the Sand" 
[Figure 1: The euro looks expensive and the dollar cheap 
-10 
-20 .1 
29.0 25.8 
19.8 
15.0 12.0 10.5
7.0 
Figure 27 The dollar is 9% cheap to fair value 
130 
120 
110 
100 
pp' 
V 
...is
JP.41)4
-2.3 
-8.5 
-12.3 
NZD AUD CHF CAD EUR NOK GBP SEK USD JPY 
Said DS PYR•rwal 
I
FIgure 3: EUR/USD: The euro is expensive tltough 
remains within the 20% threshold ... 
1.6 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
0.8 
0.6 
rrr Utt)11A1 
Agit
••••••.. 
76 78 82 85 86 91 94 97 00 03 08 09 
Seim Da aRaikaarch 
130 
120 
110 
100 
  so 
Fig We 4' LISIX1PV7 
The yen is very cheap to fair value 
EUFVUSD 
— — —• 20% Band 
r 1.6 
350 
PPP EURUSD 
San. DS IltReenn 
[Figure 5: USD/GBP: GBP is expensive ... 
095 
085 
075 
085 
055 
045 
• 
035 
• 
.er 
025 
USD/G8P 
PPP uSDiG8P 
Sane DB FX Rase A 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
0.8 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
0.6 
095 
0.85 
75 
065 
55 
045 
035 
25 
A 
''D.JF^e 
350 
• 300 
250 
• 200 
150 
100 
OS 
Sant Le Pt Iteneich 
'Figure 6: USD/CHF: as well as CHF 
San*. DO +X Roserch 
'Our measure of relative PPP is calculated using long-term averages from Jan-80 to Dec-04 and deflating by monthly CPI differentials. We refer to 
current spot rates as 'cheap' or 'expensive' with explicit reference to this measure of fair valuation: these statements are not intended in any way to be 
'buy' or 'ser recommendations. 
Page 18 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB,SDNY•0104531 
SONY GM_00250715 
EFTA01449219

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449220.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 13: EUR/CHF: CHF is expensive against the euro 
4.0 
3.5 
3.0 
2.6 
2.0 
1.6 
1.0 
BUR/CHF 
— — — • 2o% Band 
 • PPP BUR/CHF 
San 081,  X Resat. 
'Figure 15: AUDNZ0: NZD is fair value against AM.... 
1.8 
1.6 
1.4 
0.8 
0.6 
Mew OIPXRererch 
'Figure 14: EUR/CAD: CAD is close to fair value against 
ieuro 
4.0 
1.9 
1.7 
1.6 
2.6 
I
/ 
-fril 
3.5 
3.0 
1.1 
•
Sans OBIX Remora 
rr " 
C '0 
---- 
20% Band 
PPP EURtCAD 
. 
. 
. 
1.9 
1.7 
1.6 
1.3 
1.1 
r 
0.9 
J 
Figure 16: CADINZD: ....and is expensive against CAD 
1.8 
1.8 
1.6 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
0.8 
1.6 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
0.8 
0.6 
0.6 
0.4 
'Figure 17: JPY/NZD: NZD is expensive against the yen 
0.025 
0.020 
0.016 
0.010 
0.005 
000 
Sans. O41FX Reavell 
Sant O11X Sean. 
1.8 
1.6 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
0.8 
0.6 
0.4 
'Figure 18: GBP/JPY: JPY is very cheep against GBP 
0.025 
800 
700 
600 
BOO 
400 
300 
20D 
100 
0.020 
0.016 
0.010 
0.006 
0.000 
Page 20 
GB P/JPY 
--- 
20% Band 
 PPP GBP/JPY 
803 
700 
aoo 
500 
400 
X0 
—..ages04 
200 
100 
San Oitnitaostra. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104533 
SDNY_GM_00250717 
EFTA01449220

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449221.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
FX Behavioral and Fundamental Equilibrium Exchange Rates (BEER and FEERr 
Figure I: USD.croas BEER and FEER valuations 
1110
..1
24j 
J 
i l wir
l .; A
 ; I 
 C 
: I  
-4
1.
411112
.T1
 i
-10 
-5 
-11 -11 -11 42312 -1343 -14 
-20 
-15 
-21 
-30 
-213 
V
O 
 V PI 5 .- 1 8 ec ... 6 J eg Q
CC 
2, - 
Savoie te IX Research 
oz
at BEER 
FEER 
ut 
21 
f 
-28 
ZS Rs g 
el 2 
... e
[Figure 2: EUR/USD is a bit expensive vs. BEER FV 
[Figure 3: USD/JPY is now above fair value vs. BEER FV 
1.8 
1.6 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
0.8 
EUR 
BEER Fair Value 
—Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Snow 08 AC Ream. 
'Figure 4: GBP/USD Is very undervalued vs BEER IV 
2.0 
1.5 -• 
1.0 
BEER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Sara as PX1tasperA 
300.0 
250.0 • 
200.0 
150.0 
100.0 
50.0 
PY 
BEER Fair Value 
—Spot 
8082848688909294969800020406081012 
sans D8 a Mast. 
(Figure 5: USD BIS TWI is fair value vs. BEER FV 
140.0 
130.0 
120.0 
110.0 
100.0 
90.0 
80.0 
BEER Fair Value 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
j
ken 00/ixftwant, 
'Sources: BIS, Bloomberg, Deutsche Bank Notes: For details on model, see Exchange Rate Perspectives, Jan-13. BEER model as relative PPP 
adjusted for terms-of-trade and productivity effects. Relative FEER model is based on current account surplusesideficits relative to longterm 
(structural) surpluses/deficits. Over/undervaluation calculated off TWIs and converted to USD-crosses using matrix algebra. EM graphs available upon 
request 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 21 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104534 
SONY GM_00250718 
EFTA01449221

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449222.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 12: EUR/USD is cheap vs. FEER FV 
1.8 
1.6 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
Os 
0.6 
MILL_ Rel a ti ve FEER Fair Value 
—Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Sows' 08 ?X Rasa. 
'Figure 13: USD/JPY is very cheap vs. FEER FV 
350.0 
300.0 
250.0 • 
200.0 
150.0 
100.0 
50.0 
PY- 
Relative FEER Fair Value 
—Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 0002 04 06 08 10 12 
Sand, O81X Resevell 
[-Figure 14: GBP/USD is expensive vs. FEER FV 
IFigure 15: USD BIS PM is a bit cheap vs. FEER FV 
3.0 
2.5 
2.0 
1.5 
1.0 
GBp 
Relative FEER Fair value 
—Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
sown, as rxsearch 
140.0 
130.0 
120.0 
110.0 
100.0 
90.0 
80.0 
Relative FEER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 84 868890 92 94 96 98 0002 04 06 08 10 12 
Sinew A SPX Rama 
[Figure 16: USD/GAD is quite cheap vs. FEER FV 
Figure 17: AUD/USD is cheap vs. FEER FV 
" 
CA.P
.RelativeFEER Fair Value 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Soured, OHM Rineattn 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
0.8 
0.6 
0.4 
M a —Relative FEER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Soutar 08 IX Rosaittn 
Page 23 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104536 
SONY GM_00250720 
EFTA01449222

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449223.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 13: Equity flows tend to respond with a lag to 
market performance 
230 
180 • 
130 • 
• 
• 
-20 
iece, 
-120 
— 
DSP
Freon %eke 
-170 V< 
—Set 500 OW 
777981 83 86878691 93 96 97 99 01 03 05 07 09 11 13 
Swot 00040. MR <At 1,001/1, on> fliearterg !rune I 0 
2.0 
013 
Figure 14: The dollar is increasingly following net equity 
flows 
ConeletIon(6 mo hg)-58% 
-100 
76 
1.O 
470 
465 
460 
455 
450 
445 
440 
435 
430 
425 
420 
OS 
V 
Sant Ot4100A. Sent US Treaty and 10000000 Fiwwe (0 
Figure IS; Generally inverse link between foreign interest 
IFiguie 16: The dollar and agency & corp bond inflows 
in USTs versus US equities 
SOO 
foreign 8ufoliates°, US Tenswis 
- 
Fe ign Pu Winn 01 US him 
460 
920 
1£0 
i 
thi,4 
I 
•"*.asen Ves, 
603 
-460 
- no 
- 180 
- 40 
-100 
- ACID 
80 fQ 84 86 88 93 92 94 96 98 CO 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Source 08 PX Research as us Nasser 
Canada (CAD bn) 
Figure 17: The basic balance has generally been in a 
downtrend since 2007 
ea —now Balance 40 
so 
cArvug) -Quer* 
Average es) 
-
— 
-.20 
-613 - 
-80 -
-100 
Dec-90 
Saito 08 fx 170.00•Ch ON 1 ?MI ' 
Dec-S4 Dec-98 Dec-o2 Dec-06 Dec-to 
110 
05 
00 
0.95 
0.90 
MSS 
080 
0.75 
070 
0.65 
oho 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
803 
700 
033 
603 
403 
303 
200 
103 
.100 
-200 
—Corp and agency Borels06 
—Cerise fiords0a 
1.1631, 4 00*,..04 
98 
CO 
09 
Smoak Dam:he 800.4 US lent" end wag
—LP 
100 
4.8 
4.7 
4.6 
Figure It: as net FDI outflows continue 
-20 
4o J 
Ms -90 
FOI 
Outer Used Investments 
—Inwast Cent Investme 
Mar-97 roar-98 
PAM-02 Mar-06 Mar-IC 
Sow* 08 FX Rinewc eV How 
-20 
.10 
Page 27 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104540 
SDNY_GM_00250724 
EFTA01449223

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449224.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: EX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 19: Portfolio inflows seem to have peaked after an 
Figure 20: as foreign Interest in Canadian securities has 
upsurge since 2008 
150 
.—hontillo Flaws 12-month 
—Sark lace 40 Wing 
100 
CAMS° - Quenon? &Lena,...) IS 
-100 
Jun-91 
Jun-96 
Jun-99 
J tin-03 
Jun-07 
San 08 FP Rana\ awl net 
Jun-11 
1.10 
1.05 
1.00 
0.95 
0.90 
0.85 
0.60 
0.75 
0.70 
0.65 
0.80 
!fallen from record highs 
160 
100 
-50 
news *Woad 
 Foreign inflows 
—Net Ebb. 
150 
100 
-so 
-100 
-100 
-150 
-150 
Jan-91 J an-94J an-97 J an.00Jant0 Jan06J an-09 Jan-12 
SCCIOD: 08FX nista au new 
I 
['Figure 21: Net equity outflows continue unabated 
Figure 22: while net debt inflows have started 
moderating front record highs. 
—ConceVan Fbwa Abort 
rimer Inlbets 
—Net Equity Flown 
-20 
- -20 
-40 
-60 
-60 
-80 
-80 
Jan-91 Jan-94 Jan-97 Jan-03 Jan-03 Jan-06 Jan-09 Jan-12 
Sauey OS FX north sr:lamer 
Japan (JPY trillion) 
I
Figure 23: The negative basic balance has been 
accelerating recently... 
-s 
Janal JeniS4 Jan-97 Jan00 Jan.03 isr.06 Jan09 Jen.12 
r\\: 
Basic Barnes 12M sum 
USCVJFY night scab. ewer:4 
San Oft <Xiamen. MOP, sal Maw 
eo 
so 
100 
110 
120 
-5 
130 
140 
.11 
160 
- 
150 
125 
—Cenallall FbW11 Abroad 
r 125 
Po mg a Inflows 
100 
--
Met Debt PE ,'" 
F100 
F SO 
.25 
.25 
-60 
-60 
.75 
.75 
Jan-91 J 4.94Jan-97 Jan-00Jen-03 Jarkte J an-09J an-12 
San DB PP Ronal pal lame 
(Figure 24: ...as net FDI outflows remain large 
Page 28 
—Neff Di 
Doe ca linesmen n Japan by ku•Snera 
Ma a Investment Ababa] by aristkints 
Jan-91 Jan.94 Jana? Jan
-00 ian.03 Jan
-OS PrnO3 Jan-12 
San OF IX inn as MOP 
-5 
-8
.11 
-14 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104541 
SDNY_GM_00250725 
EFTA01449224

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449225.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 25: Net capital inflows have turned positive 
IFigure 26: Net bond outflows have decelerated 
mo. sum 
-10 
•20 
— 
Net Equity RPM 
-30 
—Nei Bone & Newer/Ave 
Net Monty Market Flews 
-40 
—Net Cast elf kws 
97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 
Sown 08 a RenscA are1140F 
I .
-5 
-10 
-10 
-20 
-15 
.15 
-20 
—Jaw tern 
-20 
-25 
FemIgnFburl 
-25 
-40 
—Nei Bends& Nero Fbrts 
98 99 CO 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 03 09 10 11 12 13 
mo. sum 
Sower 08 FX Ramona ref NOP 
'Figure 27: Net equity flows have turned positive 
(Figure 23: Net money-market inflows have fallen 
mo. sum 
-5
-10 
-16 
—Aran Flows 
Fauvism Flows 
-20 
—Not Equty Flews 
979893030102030405060708091011 1213 
Saws DO IX asst. ord MOP 
-5 
-10 
-16 
-20 
-6 
-10 
-15 
-20 
979699030102030405060706091011 1213 
Sons 0111XIMessei tend MOO 
United Kingdom (GBP bn) 
Figure 29: : The basic balance remains negative 
(Figure 30: Net FDI inflows have turned course 
100 
-40 
-110 
-180 
-250 
Me -91Mar-94Mar-97Msr-00Mar-03Mor-OEMar09Mar-12 
town 08PXR•scechentl Mew 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
2.1 
2.0 
1.9 
1.8 
1.7 
1.8 
1.6 
1.4 
1.3 
160 
100 
-50 
-100 
-150 
-200 
-250 
Ma -91 Ma r-94 MOr-97PAE-00Ma r-03 Mar-06 Mar-09Mar-12 
Net FM 
—F DI Outflows 
FC11Inflovn 
Sane DO IN Fewane, ins maw 
160 
100 
-50 
-100 
-150 
-200 
-250 
Page 29 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104542 
SDNY_GM_00250726 
EFTA01449225

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449226.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 31: Portfolio outflows reach record highs 
(Figure 32: Net equity and net debt positions 
Not Pottloio flows 
400 
400 
200 
Pontos, Outtioss 
300 
Portfolio inflow 
L 300 
100 
200 
200 
100 
100 
-100 
-100 
-100 
-200 
-200 
-100 
—Net sakes iIP 
—MN Debt VP 
300 
300 
013P/USD Ifs) 
400 
Mar-90 Mar-93 Mar-96 Ma rag Ms r-02 Mar-05 Mar-08 Mar-11 
Ma -91 Mar-91 Mar-97Mar-00Mar-03 Mar418Mar-09 Mar-12 
Sairet DBFXResswas ard new 
'Figure 33: Net holdings of equities 
1000 
700 
400 
-Net 
UK Equity Holdings by Foteigners 
—Not E au ry lIP 
Not Foreign 
Holdikaart(yr
S r
100  
-200 
400 
Ma -90Mer-9319S9r-961414r-99Mer-O26Aar.05Mar-08Mar.11 
Sower: DB F X AnienrA end BeE 
Euro area (EUR bn) 
'Figure 35: The basic balance remains in an uptrend... 
Figure 38: ...as current account surplus outweighs the 
FDloutflows 
Sane 08 Plc Resoluta an: Sof 
tft
2.1 
2.0 
1.9 
1.8 
1.7 
1.6 
1.5 
1.4 
1.3 
Figure 34: Net debt holdings 
1200 
2000 
1700 
900 
1400 
1100 
800 
300 
-303 
800 
500 
200 
-100 
-403 
Mon-93 Mar-93 Mai-96 Mar-99 Mar-02 Mar-05 Mer418 Mar-11 
—"-Nn UK Debt Wings by Faros 
Not Debt 11P 
Nert Batas Debt robins win NK 
Sarni D8 PX Rasaren and Edo, 
2000 
1700 
1400 
1100 
800 
500 
200 
-100 
-4G0 
200 
1.7 
100 
• .6
L 
 t5 
1.4 
.100 
t3 
1.2 
-200 
1.1 
-300 
tO 
400 
Q8
— 
Bask e alan vs 12-month 
500 
USCVE tln ON 
Feb-01 Febal Feb05 Feb07 Feb-09 F ets11 Feb-13 
Snow D9 M RitAttleflni &MAW 
200 - 
I DC 
150 - 
100 - 
-
I--.•-•,,,,,, , ,...... 
SG 
. 
.10._ 
. 
\ i" 
•160 
-160 - 
400 
-200 - 
—c tat co 
t 11 
nth 
-260 - 
-250 
-300 
Net WI 12 mono 
-300 
Jon-01 Jan03 Jan-GE Jan07 Jsn.09 Jan11 Jart13 
Sector al FX Roan. W Brost 
Page 30 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104543 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250727 
EFTA01449226

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449227.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
-
Figure 38: Bilateral basic balance explains 84% of 
Figure 37: EUR/USD strongly correlated (0.8S) with 
bilateral basic balance with the US 
160 
110 • 
-
- 
-40 - 
USD 
—
Bilateml Basic Belance.legged (6m) 
EURUSDlrhs) 
-90 • 
440 - 
.190 • 
Correlation= -0.88 
.240 
Jan
-99 Janet nose gen% Jer.07 minas Jen-11 Jen.13 
Sant 06 FX Resowch 4 Anon 
80 
1.05 
130 
- 1.66 
1.80 
Figure 39: The bilateral basic balance with the US hes 
moved in favor of the US recently... 
EUR/US0 movements since inception of the euro 
CO 
I60 
1W 
1a 
120 
103 
GUAUSObro0336•Sionerei Bow esurces. 
.1 129 
Semple 1989M6-2007M4 
Observehon 97 
Adjusted Fliqtared60 8410 
rio•cnuRus0 
lent? 
.145-01 
J. 
Jena 
)8607 
3509 
Joni, 
Jan.13 
Soon De yNMMews N Baal 
03 
eo 
150 
1a 
120 
1.0) 
010 
J 
Figure 40: ...as US purchases of euro area bonds have 
continued to be replaced by sales 
160 p 
—Bears Bodo lialano• 
r 150 
100 
-Nst 
boo Thaw Own 
100 
Spam hada Baena 
j. 11:4) 
O 
-SO 
.20 
.100 
-100 
-150 
-160 
-GO 
-2C0 
-SOO 
250 
-too 
- 
-260 
Doc-98 Dac-00 Dic.02 Doc-04 0=-003 Doc-OS Doc-10 Di -12 
Sant DS PX Amect, eV Einar 
[Figure 41: Net portfolio flows have turned inwards... 
Iwo 
—Portfolb Outflows 
Portfolio Inflows 
600- -µ,, 
Net Pontolo Fbwo 
603 -
400 -
200 
-200 - 
-403 
403 - 
403 
Jen-Celan-02 Jan.04 Janet( senee Jan-10 J en-12 
\ 
SCASCII babel@ ant and Reaper Certraillant 
1000 
800 
600 
400 
200 
-200 
-400 
-600 
-SOO 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
USD 
Bn 
-
121A MO Monet 
12M Ka Corpora* 
- 
121.1 mr. Ion bpri stoats 
12m 11•1 fo a1pn Boni 
--..irmSee
tgas 
100 
.20 
.6e 
.100 
Dec.77 Doc.02 
Dcc.67 Dec.92 Ds -97 
Dtc.02 Ds-07 
Dec 12 
sane Owner. Ss n • oral OF :hairy 
Figure 42: .. AS equity inflows surpass the bond outflows 
350 
—Plot Bondssod Nobs Flows 
300 
Net MIA Fbors 
—Not 
8glib/ftbites 
260 
200 
150 
100 
-60 
-100 
-150 
Jan-03 
Jan-06 
Jeri.07 
Jan+39 
Jan-11 
Jan13 
Spun DAMON* Ss* .n areicer Leval aril 
350 
- 300 
- 260 
- 200 
- 150 
-100 
- 50 
--50 
- -100 
-150 
Page 31 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104544 
SDNY_GM_00250728 
EFTA01449227

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449228.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 43: Equity inflows have tracked the STOXX 
Figure 44: Foreign interest on the bond side boomed in 
!late 2006 and has slowed now 
500 
400 
300 
200 
100 
-100 
-200 
-300 
400 
Jan-33 
Not Feuer, Infbws 
Not Eeuea Outfbws 
—Cum Sr= 50 IS 
Al 
arp05 
Jan-07 
Jan-09 
Jan-11 
Jan-13 
San 
Pan* 
Sint Mooing Awn LP awl lanai 
Canal Am 
Australia (AUD bn) 
[Figure 45: The basic balance remains negative 
4400 
4100 
660 
3800 
460 
3500 
350 
3200 
250 
2900 
160 
2600 
2300 
-60 
2000 
-160 
1700 
-250 
.360 
460 
Jan-03 
—Basle Damsel] sum 
41.1D/USD fm) 
Dec-94 Dec-98 Dec-02 Dec-08 
San 
OS IX Anan. awl RBA 
120 
1.10 
1.00 
SO 
0.90 
0.80 
0.70 
0.60 
-25 
0.50 
— 
Nat Bond Infbres 
Nat Bond Outltaws 
—10YE1 
OS 
Jan-05 
Jan-07 
Jan-09 Jarill 
Sane Detach. Sam in &taxon Can San 
Jan-13 
5.0 
4.0 
2.0 
1.0 
Figure 46: ...in spite of net FDI inflows 
100 
-50 
Dec-10 
-SO 
Jan-94 Jan-97 Janie* Jan03 Jan48 Jan-09 Jan-12 
} 
Saws ae sx In 
nav RS.4 
I
Figula 47: Net Porttolio flows have been falling since 
200 -I 
Not Pardon lbws 
180 
Ponialb Oudbw 
120 
Ponied° Inflow 
so 
-40 
-80 
200 
160 
120 
so 
-40 
-so 
-120 J 
-120 
Jan-9I Jan-94 Jan-97 Jan-00 Jan-03 Jan-06 Jan-09 Jan-12 
San 
CO a Rosa. awl RBA 
Page 32 
I 
Figure 48: Foteign investors have favored Australian debt 
2010 
!(negative IIP a liability for AU)... 
Ma -93 Mar-91 Mar-98 Mar-02 
Mar46 
Mar-10 
San 
DS Al linen 
RSA 
110 
I CC 
DEC 
070 
CC 
DEC 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104545 
SONY GM_00250729 
EFTA01449228

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449229.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Commodity Price and Currency Monitor 
[Figure I: CRB Commodity Prices and components 
(Figure 2: Energy prices 
1300 
1100 
000 
700 
000 
300 
100 
-lamed 
Jan.°. 
Jar-Cg. 
- 
Raw nosh .t
- 
Foodstuffs 
—
- 
t wove* and 0 ,04Jas.lri,k1 
Fan 0.-.4 01.0, 44 
— COO Comm...arty Pnce• (n.J. 
Sane DO IN "navel,. slaw 
700 
• 000 
"Co 
. 400 
300 
• 200 
160 
1410 
120 
100 
GO 
.
.0.1P..CalWTI.11111*, r4r1 
Natural Oas Cliforoltu).0101 
J n. 45n. st n 
Jon Jan. Jaw Jaw Jan an 
Jan- Jan- Jaw 
Oa 
013 
100 
iFigure 3: Precious metals 
2500 
2000 
1500 
1000 
500 
Jan-02 
—
Gob Peke OSA/Troy os) 
Pitaaurn et. 
are./ .4 
—Patadiun 
,t 6flor 06 
—
54141 Price taloa
r,fr 0.73 :OW 
Sotto, taanani Gan( Haw 
JaN.04 
Jaew38 
J061-011 
J•0-10 
Jan-12 
d3 
Is 
Swat Deursane Sant Have 
!Figure 1: Industrial metals 
.
...1.•, ..."1 1.10/11.4.4sitk Jove. 
—
Caw. Prwottitaieve Taw 
—
lananwillaan. 
Terns 
—
Thw Pricipi1A.1•fl to... 
• 
laneJino) 
Pri[nlottetre Tana 
13000 
0000 
4000 
,/ 
Jan-02 
Jana 
Jan08 
Ja60111 
Jan-10 
Jan-12 
! 
SOWS: Claftuailant Mat 
iFigure 5: Commodity Currencies and Prices 
I 10 
095 
093 
005 
92 
90 00 02 04 
OG 08 
Savo: dame* Swil. Hoe 
•
•••••40.J00,60 
—••••••CAD/uS0 
— .... 41213/1.150 
—CAD 
IR.' 
OC•303 
00000 
40000 
30000 
20000 
10000 
Figure 6: The dollar cycle and global growth cycle 
0.10 
0.10 
0.06 
C.0,, 0141 10 n °ap 
en Ijs 
Sam 010 -.1) 
Conelaiion tront May 2000 a -0.0' 
•1.3 
4.0 
400 
0.00 
6 
4.7 
350 
J.8 
300 
J le 
w_0 
250 
.0.16 
'430 
Jen-01 Jen-et. Jan-139Jen-93,/on-02 ../an-0 1 Jart4 
I 
Page 34 
SOW* 08400.• ant Have 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104547 
SDNY_GM_00250731 
EFTA01449229

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449230.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 25: BoC Non-Energy Commodity Price (Nominal) 
'Figure 26: BoC Non- Energy Commodity Prices (Real) 
500 
450 
400 
350 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
500 
450 
400 
350 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
74 76 78 8082 84 8689 90 92 94 9698 00 02 04 0608 10 12 
5 
Sant Onsaw 
MAW 
•B C N 
E 
rgyC rrarod4V 
Price Index (Real, 
Avenge 
L 
d 
74 76 78 80 82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 OS 10 12 
j
Sarni Oita.* fink Nye 
5.7 
5.4 
5.1 
4.8 
Figure 27: BoC Energy Commodity Price {Nominal) 
'Figure 28: BoC Energy Commodity Price (Real) 
2500 
2000 • 
1500 - 
IMO • 
500 - 
BoC 511419y C.:mm.30W Sou Irwin 
Anson 
71 76 78 80 82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 01 06 08 10 12 
Sae- Sousa* Sant How 
25[0 
5 
2000 
1500 
5 
1000 
500 
5 
"Figure 29: Commodity Price Indices 
530 
480 
430 
380 
330 
280 
230 
180 
130 
RBA C0411111004y Pots 14444180mm* 
AIC Corns-nods Price Index Siomia 
BoC Commoday Prep IndoxiNocrind 
Jan 1986=100 
88 90 92 94 96 96 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Seurat Doarnefte Bs* New 
84C Energy COMMOdity 
Price Index Mod 
  Myer. 
L nos Tionane 
7271767880 Ea8486889392 91969800020406061012 
Souse OiviscA• Oa* We 
Figure 30: Ratio of Commodity Price Indices 
530 
2.3 
480 
Page 38 
9 • 
1.5 • 
0.7 
of Austala to 
NZ Corrrnoddy Pm. 
IndicesMoron* 
Ra6o ofCan.v4a to N2 
Cornmaity Pace 
Indicies (Nominal) 
88 90 92 94 95 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Sarno Damao* Bee, Hem 
1.7 
1.2 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104551 
SDNY_GM_00250735 
EFTA01449230

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449231.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
U.S. Trade Balance Monitor 
[Figure 1: The US trade deficit continues to recover 
-100
O, ti
USO Bn 
.100 
-200 
-200 
-300 
-300 
-4C0 
-400 
-500 
-BOO 
-600 
-700 
-700 
-B047 
—Annualized Trude Balance 
-900 J 
Annualized Trade Balance 3m 
-500 
Sum 
—Annualized Trade 
Balance.12m Sum 
Saws teratreeetterswesarnt 
(
Figure 3: The narrowing in the deficit reflected a 
outpacing of import growth by export growth 
Figure 27 US and world industrial growth remains sedate 
.10 - 
-15 
Jan-97 
Id IP OK US IP 
luoY) 
US P (Yet') 
Jan-96 
Jan-00 
Source AsesSinerrn bind* Beak 
Jan-04 
Jan-08 
Jan-12 
-5 
-10 
-15 
Figure 
Recently export prices have receded sharply 
while export volumes have increased slightly 
s‘v.. 
• 20
YOY.% 
• 10 
r 
r 
—r 
, —4. 5 
91.6
i lkihr, 
-5 
If 
-11S 
.
EligiortValurs Growth 
-10 
i 
b 
ci 
• -10 
• -20 
• -30 
-16 
,4170. 
• 
to 
Import ValreGrweth 
-40 
-20 
Jan-92 
Jan-96 
Jan-00 
Jan-04 
Jan-08 
Jan-I2 
Jan-92 
Jan
-se 
Jan-00 
Jan-04 
Jart-OB 
Jan-12 
San: DeteStream. &Wad» Sant 
Scars DasSavam. Amber* Ira 
Figure 5: Export prices tend to follow the dollar 
Figure 6: Export volume growth closely follows external 
demand 
)(Pen Pico 
ln 
-e
U51.1;420.. nwneo
Owl 
-12 
Jan-94 Doc-06 Nov-09 Oot.02 Sop.05 Ata5043 Juld 
dap: DiltaStraam Candi•• Dant 
430 
40 
yoy.% 
an 
-6
-10 
.16 
Jan-84 
I 
Seesaw Ibtagrawn dash* Sant 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
volume 
work, Ip n. to in,' I.,' 
Jen-913 
Jan-02 
Jan-06 
Jan-10 
Page 39 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104552 
SONY GM_00250736 
EFTA01449231

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449232.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 7: Export volumes have remained below trend 
Figure 8: Export volume deviations from trend is no 
since 2001 
4.0 
4.7 
4.6 
4!. 
Sager Dalarea, 
PUNS* Bog 
[Figure 
Recovery
 9: A brief end to the dollar upsurge doesn't seem 
(Figure 10: 
 in import price is boosting the 
volume during the past few months 
longer correlated with moving average of dollar valuation 
-070 
000 
oa 
010 
o 
111 
070 
aannnnAVADnAlern ,een USIA Oman* 
Mannote0 
Saw DIOAMA Lant.4 Ba•A 
-0 n.
to bolster export volume growth 
—Exoortvolurno 
I
Y
040Y.116 
ilf:TRIIIMA.kny•Ited6W 
-10
-20 
Jan-94 
Jan-98 
Jan.02 
Jan-06 
Jan-10 
Source. DeteStrewn, Deutsch* Sant 
Lo 
440 
60 
-5 
30 
50 
70 
80 
-10 
.
.fratect Vohanis 
InpOn Pico Val 
Jan.92 
Jana) 
Jana) 
San• &bays% Detach, Bank 
Jan C4 
Jan-03 
Jan-12 
Figure 1 : Import price inflation has followed the dollar 
Figure 12: Import volume growth has generally been 
highly correlated with US domestic demand growth 
—Import Pnce 
USTABA0Aineftearh91 
VW.% 
i
- 
-5 
It) Nik I 
A\ - i 
.15
ir 
.1 i. 
-20 
Jan-94 
Jan-99 
Jan-O2 
Jan-06 
Jan-10 
Sown. Conearen Dance* 8ent 
Page 40 
-12 
-7 
-2 
-5 
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
Ja -94 
—import Volume 
US81rhst 
Jon-99 
Jan-02 
Jan-06 
Jan-10 
Savor OestSrewn 
Set 
•I3 
a 8 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250737 
DB-SDNY-0104553 
EFTA01449232

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449233.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
rFigure 13: U.S. Exports and Imports of Goods and Services (Balance of Payments Basis) (last 13 months) 
May 
Jun 
Jul 
Aug 
Sep 
Oct 
Nov 
Dec 
Jan 
Feb 
Mar 
Apr 
May 
Unite 
2012 
2012 
2012 
2012 
2012 
2012 
2012 
2012 
2012 
2012 
2012 
2013 
2013 
exports 
(USSbn.) 
184.2 
185.2 
183.4 
182.1 
186.8 
182.7 
185.2 
188.7 
186.7 
187.1 
185.2 
187.6 
187.1 
imports 
CUSS bn.) 
230.5 
227.6 
226.8 
226.1 
228.4 
225.3 
231.6 
227.0 
229.4 
231.0 
222.3 
227.7 
232.1 
I racie I:faLance 
tUSS 
-46.2 
-42.4 
-42.5 
-44.0 
41.6 
-42./ 
-46.4 
-38.3 
-42./ 
-43.8 
-3/.1 
-40.1 
-45.0 
Export & Import Growth 
exports 
ty-oy%) 
4.6% 
/0% 
2.2% 
1.2% 
31% 
1.2% 
32% 
53% 
4.0% 
2.8% 
-0.1% 
1.8% 
Lb% 
Imports 
(roy%) 
3.1% 
1.6% 
0.8% 
0.7% 
1.2% 
-0.6% 
2.5% 
-1.5% 
-0.7% 
2.3% 
-5.1% -1.4% 
0.7% 
Growth Differentia I 
1.5% 
5.4% 
1.3% 
0.5% 
1.9% 
1.8% 
1.4% 
6.8% 
4.7% 
0.5% 
4.4% 
3.2% 
0.8% 
'Figure ;4. U.S. Export and Import Orders (ISM Survey) (last 13 months) 
Units 
May 
2012 
Jun 
2012 
Jul 
2012 
Aug 
2012 
Sep 
2012 
Oct 
2012 
Nov 
2012 
Dec 
2012 
Jan 
2012 
Feb 
2012 
Mar 
2012 
Apr 
2013 
May 
2013 
Experts 
(Us5 to.) 
184.2 
185.2 
183.4 
1132.1 
186.8 
182.1 1tÁ.2 
WSJ 
186./ 
113/.1 
185.2 
181.6 
18/.1 
Imports 
CUSS bn.) 
230.5 
227.6 
226.8 
226.1 
228.4 
225.3 
231.6 
227.0 
229.4 
231.0 
222.3 
227.7 
232.1 
I rade Balance 
(USS bn.) 
-46.2 
42.4 
-43.5 
-44.0 
-41.6 
-42.7 
-46.4 
-38.3 
-42.7 
-43.8 
-37.1 
-40.1 
-45.0 
Export & Import Growth 
Exports 
(yo
-y%) 
4.6% 
/.0% 
2.2% 
1.2% 
3.1% 
1.2% 
3.9% 
5.3% 
4.0% 
2.8% 
-0.7% 
1.8% 
1.5% 
Imports 
(y-oir%) 
3.1% 
1.6% 
0.8% 
0.7% 
1.2% 
-0.6% 
2.5% 
-1.5% -0.7% 
2.3% 
-5.1% -1.4% 
0.7% 
Growth Urtterentel 
1.5% 
5.4% 
1.3% 
0.5% 
1.9% 
1.8% 
1.4% 
6.8% 
4.7% 
0.5% 
4.4% 
3.2% 
0.8% 
[figure 15: Regional Breakdown of U.S. Trade Balance (US$ brt.) (1998-2010) 
2000 
2001 
2002 
2003 2004 2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 2011 
2012 
Canada 
-51.9 
-52.8 
-48.2 
-51./ 
-66.5 
-/8.5 
-/1.8 
-68.2 
-/8.3 
-21.6 
-28.5 
-34.5 
-31.8 
Mexico 
-24.6 
-39.0 
-3/.1 
-40.6 
-49.2 
-49.9 
-64.5 
-/4.8 
-64.1 
-4/.13 
436.4 
-64.5 
-61.3 
brazil 
1.5 
1.4 
-3.4 
-6.7 
-7.3 
-9.1 
-7.6 
-1.6 
1.8 
6.0 
11.5 
11.2 
11.6 
Western Europe 
-59.4 
-64.8 
-88.4 
-98.9 
-112.8 -125.6 -118.5 -109.0 
-93.9 
-61.1 
-60.8 
-63.2 
-66.4 
Germany 
-29.1 
-29.1 
-35.9 
-39.3 
-45.8 
-50.6 
-47.9 
-44.7 
-43.0 
-28.2 
-34.3 
-49.5 
-59.7 
U.K. 
-1.8 
-U. 
-1.5 
-9.0 
-10.4 
-12.b 
-8.1 
43.9 
-b.0 
-1.8 
-1.4 
4.6 
-0.1 
Japen 
-81.6 
-69.0 
-70.0 
-66.0 
-76.2 
-83.3 
-89.7 
-84.3 
-74.1 
-44.7 
-60.1 
-63.2 
-76.3 
China 
-83.8 
-83.1 
-103.1 -124.1 -162.3 -202.3 -234.1 -268.5 -268.0 -226.9 -273.1 -295.4 -315.1 
Hong Kong 
3.1 
4.4 
3:.1 
4./ 
6.5 
/.b 
9.8 
12.9 
lb.0 
/.b 
223 
22.0 
32.0 
South Korea 
-12.5 
-1211 
-12.1.1 
-13.2 
-20.0 
-16.2 
-13.6 
-12.2 
-13.4 
-11./.6 
-14.1.1.1 
-13.2 
-16.6 
Singapore 
-1.4 
2.7 
1.4 
1.4 
4.0 
5.4 
6.1 
7.2 
12.0 
6.5 
11.6 
12.1 
10.3 
I awan 
-16.1 
-15.3 
-13.8 
-14.2 
-13.0 
-13.2 
-15.5 
-12.4 
-11.4 
-9.9 
-9.8 
-16.5 
-14.6 
V.S. 'Mal 
4/134 -41018 -60/1.2 -b/1:12.8 -/Ual.4 -8290.8 40314.4 -135/9.2 -88213.b -5469.5 -6809.2 -/854.6 -~1.2 
San: an 
DIMS* MS 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 41 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104554 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250738 
EFTA01449233

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449234.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
U.S Exports-Imports by Commodity 
Figure 16: U.S. Trade Balance Excluding China & 
Figure 17: U.S. Trade Balance - Advanced Technology 
Petroleum (Monthly & Annual Balance) 
Onblin.bnnly IUSSunlioa64 
-10 
-15 
An n u4i11181 nn )(Inn 
-60 
-100 
450 
-25 
I
-250 
-30 
-300 
-35 
-350 
-12 
.14 
-40 
n -400 
19114 1996 1996 2000 2002 2064 2006 24:0B 2010 2012 
1994 1996 1999 2000 2002 2004 2006 2009 2010 2012 
Month he item 
lben0 
Annuouun 
pine) 
'Figure 18: U.S. Trade Balance - Petroleum Products 
U 
-5 
-10 
-15 
.20 
-25 
.so 
-40 
61•1111ounthb .6 bill lbws) 
ArlOWSIUSS 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2009 2010 2012 
San S 
ten OeS 
-40 
10) 
.120 
Figure 19: U.S. Trade Balance - Consumer Goods 
U 
-60 
-103 
-150 
•I0 
o 
-100 
460 
-200 
-250 
-200 
-20 
-300 
-250 
-350 
-25 
IIIIIMINionOt iv% bn.) 
lbws) 
-300 
400 
-30 
AnOvilICUTS WO MAO 
-350 
450 
.05 
-400 
-500 
1994 
1096 2030 20te 2004 2006 20126 3.010 2012 
1995 
Sant Osegamon 
'Figure 20: U.S. Trade Balance - Capital Goods 
:Figure 21: U.S. Trade Balance - Industrial Supplies 
IMO MantUvIUSS bnillaars1 
1994 1996 19913 2000 2002 2004 2006 2068 2010 2012 
SourvaS 
Annual(USS bn 111nel 
-30 
-10 
-25 
-250 
Montt 1USS On) 
-33 
-300 
11368 
-35 
-360 
AnnuallUSSOn/line/ 
-20 
.4120 
-45 
-450 
1994 19% 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
-5 
-10 
-15 
-20 
.50 
-10) 
-150 
-200 
Page 42 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104555 
SONY GM_00250739 
-20 
-200 
1f 
EFTA01449234

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449235.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 22: U.S. Trade Balance - Automotive 
-6 
-10 
-12 
-14 
-16 
Momnb (US$ bn I (bars) 
Annuai1LISS bn 1044 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2(44 2006 2026 2010 2012 
Source Drearrearn 
!Figure 23: U.S. Trade Balance Food & Beverages 
INN Abnttly USS bn ban) 
 Annual IV% bn I dm/ 
-20 
-60 
-80 
-103 
-120 
-140 
-160 
-l&3 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2038 2010 2012 
I
Sono Oatarnroo 
-5 
-10 
-15 
U.S. Bilateral Trade Balances by Country & Region 
'Figure 24: U.S. Trade Balance with China 
-5 
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
-30 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
MIN Monthly (UST bn ) 
<barbs 
Annuai.955 bn I 
am) 
Sane Daraverm 
-50 
-100 
-150 
-200 
-250 
-300 
'Figure 25: U.S. Trade Balance with Japan 
-1 
-3 
.4 
-5 
a 
-10 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2008 2006 2010 2012 
1114entily11.15S 641 
1644 
Annual PAS to I Ormiai 
Sourtv Detainten 
-6 
-15 
-25 
-35 
.45 
-55 
-65 
-75 
-85 
-95 
igure 26: U.S. Trade Balance with the Pacific Rim
(
F 
(Figure 27: U.S. Trade Balance with OPEC 
Asia excluding China and Japan) 
11.1(41111y1USS bn lbw* 
Stun. DeoScreen 
--Annual 1USS bn.11144) 
2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
-5 
-15 
-26 
-6 
-35 
-10 
-46 
-15 
-2p 
fi 
Monthly1USS bn) 
-65 
lbws) 
-25 
415 
-33 
Annual ill% bn )194) 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Sant Da•Snoim 
-40 
-80 
-120 
-160 
-200 
Page 43 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104556 
SDNY_GM_00250740 
EFTA01449235

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449236.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 28: U.S. Trade Balance with Western Europe 
IFigure 29: U.S. Trade Balance with Canada 
IIIMII\icrotrov CUSS en Waal 
-10 
.12 
-14 
1994 1996 1998 2000 ZOO 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Annual (lOSS 0' I !hr. I 
Saint Deralrinra 
-20 
-40 
-60 
-SO 
-1C0 
.120 
-140 
iFigure 30: U.S. Trade Balance with Mexico 
) tars) 
— 
Annual flat bn )(tn.; 
-1 
-a 
-4 
-5 
-e
1994 1996 19913 2000 2002 2004 2006 2009 2010 2012 
Source Docise.Bant 
-4 
-8 
-10 
-12 
Monthly IUSS ber I 
'Dam 
 AnnualiUSSbn 
Onel 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2005 2008 2010 2012 
501.106:00140•801 
-10 
-20 
-30 
-40 
-50 
-60 
-70 
-80 
-90 
[Figure 31: U.S. Trade Balance with Latin America 
-10 
-20 
-30 
-40 
-50 
-60 
-70 
-4 
-90 
1993 1996 1998 2000 2002 2094 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Irr.4corntyross 
(oar-s) 
—Annual0M te. /Serer 
SOUICO Pasch*asl 
-10 
-20 
-30 
-40 
-50 
U.S Current--Account Balance Monitor 
Figure 32: U.S. Current-Account Balance 
(1980-2010) 
-Annurrized Currant Accounts % of GDP 
a0 
a.0 
Figure 33: U.S. Savings and Investment 
((Private & Government Sector Savings-Investment) 
1200 
600 
-I 
-600 
-50 
.1200 
-7.0 
'-70 
Ma -81 Mar-85 Mar-89 Mar-93 Mar-97 Mar-01 Mar-05 Mar-09 Ma -13 
Satscit ObStrimin 
Page 44 
Prmite Sean &Una 
Gail %Ow lloranc4 
1200 
600 
-600 
-1200 
-1800 
i -1000 
Mar-8I Mar-85 Mar-0O3 Mar-93 Mar-97 Mar-01 Mar-05 Mar-CO Ma -13 
Sam OfilSVIIIII 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104557 
SDNY_GM_00250741 
EFTA01449236

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449237.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449237.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 34: U.S. Current-Account Balance (last 13 quarters) CUSS Billions) 
Q1 201002 201003 201004 201001 201102 201103 201104 201101 201202 201203 201204 201201 2013 
Banc. on Goods 
-152.9 
-165.3 
-1693 
-162.6 
-181.7 
-187.7 
-183.9 
-190.9 
-193.6 
-186.5 
•17a0 
-182.4 
-179.1 
Banco on Services 
34.7 
36.2 
0 
41.9 
45.3 
47.1 
49.2 
45.7 
50.7 
2 
50.0 
55.0 
55.5 
ear an Goods & Seoaces 
-118.3 
-129.2 
-131.3 
-120.7 
-136.4 
-140.6 
-134.7 
-145.2 
-142.9 
-1363 
-129.0 
-127.4 
-123.7 
Investment Income 
438 
442 
42.8 
468 
55.1 
554 
61.1 
61.1 
54.9 
57.5 
54.6 
57.0 
52.0 
Undaterel Transfers 
-34.9 
30.4 
320 
-304 
-35.3 
33.8 
32.0 
-32.4 
-32.8 
-327 
-32.3 
-31.9 
-34.5 
Bal on Current Account 
-109.4 
-115.4 
-120.5 
-104.2 
-116.6 
-118.9 
-105.6 
-116.6 
-120.8 
-110.5 
-106.7 
-102.3 
-106.1 
(annualized. as % of GOPS 
-3.1% 
-32% 
-33% 
-2.8% 
-3.1% 
3.2% 
-2.8% 
-3.0% 
-3.1% 
-2.8% 
-2.7% 
-2.6% 
-2.7% 
Sawa Dalvere 
Figure 35: U.S. Current-Account Balance (1998-2012) (US$ Billions) 
2001 
2002 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2012 
Balancer:aGoods 
-445.8 
4213
.
4745
-
-5404 
663.6 
-780.7 
-836.7 
-8189 
-830.1 
-5068 
645.1 
-738.4 
-735.3 
BalancealServices 
69.0 
59.5 
57.1 
494 
58.2 
72.1 
82.4 
122.2 
131.8 
126 6 
150 4 
178.5 
195.8 
Bel on Goods & Stenos 
-376.8 
-.%1.8 
417.4 
491.0 
-605.4 
-708.6 
-763.3 
-696.7 
-698.3 
-379.2 
494.7 
-559.9 
-539.5 
Investment Intone 
19.2 
29.7 
25.2 
437 
65.1 
68.6 
442 
101.5 
147.1 
119.7 
183.9 
227.0 
198.6 
Unilateral Transfers 
-58.8 
-64.6 
650 
-718 
-89.2 
-106.7 
-916 
-1151 
-125.9 
-1226 
-131.1 
-133.1 
-134.1 
Bal on Current Account 
416.3 
-396.6 
457.2 
-519.1 
-628.5 
-745.8 
-800.6 
-710.3 
-677.1 
381.9 
442.0 
465.9 
475.0 
(annualized. as % ol GDP) 
4.2% 
-39% 
-4.3% 
-4.7% 
-53% 
-69% 
-6.0% 
-5.1% 
-4.7% 
-2.7% 
-3.0% 
31% 
-30% 
Sans [ware 
'Figure 36: U.S. Savings Investment ed Net Foreign Investment (1998-2010) IUS$ Billions) 
2000 
2001 
2002 
2003 
2004 
2006 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
Private SavagS 
13/6.2 1466.5 1656.8 1749.1 1894.6 1925.4 20/9.5 1989.3 2282.7 25/4.8 2834.8 282/.4 2840.3 
Private Investment 
1772.2 1661.9 1646.9 1729.7 
1968.5 2172.3 2327.1 2295.2 2087.6 1549.3 1737.3 1854.9 2062.3 
Private-Sector eatiince 
-396.0 
-195.4 
9.9 
20.0 
-/3.9 
-246.9 
-24/.6 
-305.9 
195.1 1025.5 109/.5 
9/2.5 
/78.0 
Govt Savings 
Gov't Investment 
Gov't-Sector Balance 
423.9 
229.2 
-95.9 
-19/.1 
-155.9 
-6.5 
116.5 
58.3 
-3/4.5 -1019.0 -1064.1 
-990.0 
-847.0 
304.3 
322.0 
343.5 
355.8 
372.3 
392.0 
425.1 
456.4 
497.2 
506.9 
505.5 
480.2 
472.3 
119.6 
-92.8 
-439.4 
-5529 
-528.2 
-398.5 
-308.6 
-398.1 
-8/1./ -1525.9 -1569.6 -14/0.2 -1319.3 
Gross SEA/DVS 
Gross Investment 
Savings-Investment 
1800.2 1695./ 
1560.9 1552.6 1/38./ 1918.9 2196.0 204/./ 1908.2 1555.8 1//O./ 183/.5 1913.3 
2076.5 1994.0 1990.4 20854 2340.9 2564.3 2752.2 2751.7 2584.7 2056.2 2242.9 2335.1 2534.6 
-276.3 
-288.3 
-429.5 
-532.8 
-602.2 
-645.4 
-556.2 
-704.0 
-676.5 
-500.4 
4/2.2 49/.6 -541.3 
Stet encall)iscrepancy 
-134.0 
-11.73.3 
-72.1 
16.6 
-22.3 
-95.1 
-242.3 
-12.0 
-2.4 
118.3 
23.3 
31.9 
67.2 
Net horegn Investment 
410.4 
-391.6 
-451.6 
-516.1 
-624.6 
-740.5 
-798.4 
-716.0 
-679.0 
-382.1 
448.9 
465.7 
474.1 
Sane DaStreen 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 45 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104558 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250742 
EFTA01449237

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449238.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
r
Figure 7: The USD share in world reserves loll during 2002- 
Ifiguie 8: Advanced country FX reserve holdings... 
4; then stabilized 
2.503 
USD go 
two 
2,030 
2.000 
1.030 
—Yoe 
— 
SiorIng 
— 
Aves Flan* 
Ose•Caan<op 
99 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 201 
121 
Sane CORR Me DI IX Amen* 
600 
600 
1999 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2006 2009 2011 201 
Sawa. COPS.. 1.10. DO PX Rment. 
figure 9: ...the dollar share in industrial country reserves 
Figure 10: Ex-Japan (our estimate) industrial country 
has been relatively stable 
% 
60. 
—
l utlpYl
SO • 
—Y•• 
— Silts 
— woeFIW 
r. 
, r 004.Cotornan 
99 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 201 
111 
Sant COM MV At PrAnech 
SO 
FIgure 11: The share of euros and dollars Is not very 
different 
1999 2000 2002 2003 
Sane MAR MV 06 FY Mardi 
2005 2006 2004 2009 2011 2012 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
dollar and euro holdings have both risen 
11:00 
800 
0:0 
400 
203 
a 
I 99 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 2012 
Nov
•
 Japan US Win 
— Non Japan Isms 
—
Yen 
—
SWIM 
—
}N) hum 
OfteCusion 
la 
Ca MV DI IXIbmord,
1003 
BOO 
GOO 
CO 
200 
Figure 12: EM holdings of dollars had climbed steadily 
USD Br% 
—us dein 
few 
—
Yon 
— lust 
—
1.112 hoe 
, 
099ocunonces 
I 99 2003 2002 TOO) 2005 2006 20011 2009 2011 201 
Sant Caret M9 08F X Moped. 
1003 
1603 
12:13 
003 
666 
303 
Page 47 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104560 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250744 
EFTA01449238

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449239.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449239.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
r
Figure 13: In EM. the main driver of reserve growth has 
been intervention (In USD bn) 
2700 
2300 
1900 
1600 
1100 
700 
300 
-100 
1999 2001 2002 2004 2005 2007 2008 2010 2011 
—Tout 9544.44 in Ell wares Sus 1995 
TOO 4•44t41. 00490 
—Tou viduabn 
2700 
2300 
1903 
1933 
1100 
700 
300 
.100 
San* OSFXR•arinA 
Figure 15: First active diversification, than leaning 
against the wind 
Sane COW% init. Del Or Rematch 
(Figure 14: In EM, the dollar share fell steadily during 
I2002-04 then stabilized 
BO - 
- 
% 
DIANSICNIC0 
so 
ea 
CMS 
—Yen 
— 
S•11.4 
Luau 
-  
Awn PVC 
004a Curenan 
000hit The 
vend 
- 
- 
10-
1199 2000 2002 2003 2005 2005 2008 2009 2011 201 
50.000 Cara MAg, De TX Resosith 
Figure 16: China has steadily diversified away from USD 
since 2004 (our estimates) 
JO 
Se 
4:04 
NO, 
2004 
ism 
eaVii0 01 1.11DIsChrsiXA•••44. 
10:0 
, .....rmAlow44.0410t4 
4•410J4401 04402 an.01 04404 Jaw Deo44J44 0040 444U 
SowarlAST/Ccess DI {151.01{0 
Page 48 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104561 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250745 
EFTA01449239

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449240.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
Additional information available upon request 
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this 
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our 
website at http://am.db.cornfueddisclosure/DisclosureDirectorv.egsr 
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, 
the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation 
or view in this report. Oliver Harvey 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 49 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104562 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250746 
EFTA01449240

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449241.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Markets Research 
Global 
Foreign Exchange 
FX Spot 
FX Blueprint 
Dashing Buck 
Theme #1: Green Back: Buy USD TWI: Sell EURAJSD 
Theme B2: USD/JPY to Step Up Again: Buy USD/JPY 
Theme #3: Swiss Cheese Pounded: Sell GBP and CHF vs. USD and EUR 
Theme g4: Solid Bloc: Sell NZD/CAD, Buy low delta AUD/USD call 
Theme #5: NOK o'Clock: Buy NOK/SEK 
Theme #6: No Chinese Quick Fix: Buy USD/CNH calls 
Theme B7: Japanese Takeaway: Buy USD/KRW, USD/SGD, buy MYR/JPY 
Theme NB: EMEA Reality Check: Buy PLN/CZK, buy EUR/HUF and USD/ZAR 
calls, buy USD/TRY put 
Theme ge: Mexican Siesta: Take profit on short USD/MXN, sell EUR/BRL and 
EUR/CLP 
Theme #10: Turning Up the Volume: Buy USD/GBP variance swap and 
AUD/USD variance swap 
May 2013 
Research Teem 
Leiridoo 
Belal Hafeez 
James Malcolm 
Henrik Gullberg 
George Saravolos 
Cabo Nark/dads 
Soldharth Kapoor 
Oliver Harvey 
Nicholas Wang 
Nm•: 
Alan Ruskin 
Daniel Biohon 
Drausio Giacomelli 
Guilherme Marone 
Mauro Roca 
eiir,gapoirt 
Sameer Goal 
Melaka Sachdeva 
S'eciney 
John Horner 
Tol yO 
Taisuko Tanaka 
Head •>I FA Stat.FIN 
Bilal Hafeez 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MICA4P) 054/04/2013. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250749 
DB-SDNY-0104565 
EFTA01449241

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449242.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449242.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint Dashing Buck 
Overview 
Asia, not the US, has provided the biggest surprises of 
2013 so far. Chinese FX reserve accumulation has 
grown at a pace not seen since 2010. Much seems to 
be due to speculative dollar sales, but whatever the 
reason, the likely rebalancing has provided support for 
non-dollar reserve currencies such as the euro and 
Australian dollar. The other surprise has been the scale 
of the Japan "shock" with Abenomics proving to be 
the most radical set of policies since the depression-era. 
The yen has fallen markedly; competitor nations such 
as Korea have seen their currencies weaken, while 
suppliers to Japan such as Thailand and Malaysia have 
seen their currencies strengthen. Through all of this the 
dollar has marched higher even with the market 
wavering over an early move to tapering by the Fed 
and still absent equity re-allocations to the US. 
Dollar Break-Out Time 
The resilience of the dollar should be taken as a signal 
that the dollar is in the midst of a major uptrend. Over 
the coming months, economic data will likely improve 
after a soft patch, which should keep real yields well 
supported. More importantly, despite continued US 
equity market outperformance, international investors 
have still favoured the Euro-area, Japan and EM Asia 
over the US in terms of flows. This is unlikely to 
continue. Chinese reserve accumulation should also 
slow down, not least because of measures by 
authorities to clamp down on speculative inflows. The 
euro will no doubt lose out with such a backdrop. 
Additionally, the ECB has re-opened discussions of 
easing, while the Fed is contemplating how to wind 
down easing. On the flow side, lower euro risk premix 
should see much less repatriation, and if anything a 
greater allocation to foreign assets by Euro-area 
investors. We go long the dollar trade-weighted index 
and short EUR/USD. 
Japan 3 hoi.k 
Though many want to fight the trend, we continue to 
stick resolutely to a bearish yen view. The next three to 
four months should see a wave of events and 
announcements that will reinforce the potency of 
Abenomics, whether through elections, structural 
reforms or monetary policy. Expectations will remain 
one of the key channels through which Abenomics will 
influence the direction of the economy. The flow 
picture also remains negative for the yen thanks to 
M&A outflows and the potential for further unwinds in 
past inflows to short-term Japanese instruments. We 
stay short the yen against the dollar. 
GBP. CHF. Nowhere To Hate 
Two other currencies should lose out to an unwind of 
safe-haven inflows: sterling and the Swiss franc. The 
negative sterling picture is aggravated by the fact that 
recent strong data will not change BoE policy, while 
the negative net investment income balance points to 
Page 2 
an extremely negative current account deficit dynamic. 
The franc meanwhile will suffer from a resumption of 
portfolio outflows from Swiss-based investors. We sell 
both GBP and CHF (vs EUR and USD). 
Rest of C; 0 
Swedish disinflation and Norwegian household debt 
issues should lead to central bank biases that support a 
long NOK/SEK trade. Finally in GI0, we like to go long 
CAD against the JPY and NZD on the back of Canadian 
growth catching up to US growth, a stabilisation in the 
housing market and en upturn in natural gas prices. 
We are neutral on the Australian dollar, but given the 
recent sharp decline would consider buying AUD 
upside options, which appear cheap making the risk-
return look attractive. 
Asia 
China+ Japan 
The yen-centric Asia FX trade, short Korean won and 
long Malaysian ringitt, should continue to perform well. 
As well as competition from Japanese companies. 
Korea will likely suffer from portfolio re-allocations to 
Japan. Malaysia meanwhile should benefit from a pick-
up in bond and equity inflows after the recent election. 
As for CNY. at annualized appreciation pace of 12%, 
we are concerned. The state of the economy does not 
justify that, and measures to clamp down on 
speculative inflows should reduce the appreciation 
pressure. Moreover, a band-widening should, if 
anything, lead to CNN' weakness. We like to sell CNN' 
via options. 
Rest of EM 
Of the remaining currencies, we find the Brazilian real 
attractive thanks to its carry and policy support for a 
range in the currency. We go tactically neutral on the 
Mexican peso. Big picture the currency looks attractive, 
but positioning is crowded. In EMEA, we look for 
additional strength in the Israeli shekel after its recent 
sell-off on the back of a strong economy. We remain 
negative on the Hungarian forint and South African 
rand, and positive on the Turkish lira. We enter option-
based trades to express those views. 
How We Did 
Turning to how our trades performed from January's 
blueprint, it is clear that our weaker yen and stronger 
euro calls were key factors behind our overall return of 
+3.8%. Carry trades also performed well. Our biggest 
winner was long USD/JPY (up 17%) while our biggest 
loser was short a 1 year USD/PHP NDF (-1.5%). The 
trades made 3.8% on average with a hit ratio of 78%.. 
511a/ Hafeez 
London, +44 (20)7547 1489 
Past performance is not inthcatrve of future per1OO713t1Ct 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104566 
SDNY_GM_00250750 
EFTA01449242

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449243.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449243.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
outperformance precede dollar strength. The swing 
factor for a more pronounced dollar move, though, 
appears to be real interest rates. Their relentless 
decline since late 2008 did weigh on the dollar, but the 
picture has started to improve as real rates appear to 
be turning up (see first chart on this page). Earlier 
tapering by the Fed would likely cause a sharper move 
up in real yields, but even a further delay in tapering 
would unlikely cause real yields to reach new lows. 
Therefore, markets have entered an important new 
phase for the USD: real yields moving higher in tandem 
with stronger equity markets. Such a combination 
should be very supportive for the dollar. We therefore 
like to go long the dollar trade-weighted index. 
What about the euro? 
We turned bearish EUR/USD at the beginning of 
March, and beyond our broad bullish dollar view we 
see two factors as driving us towards our 1.20 end-year 
target. First, we see divergence in conventional policy 
expectations 
(rates) 
returning. 
For 
all 
the 
unconventional measures since 2008, the remarkably 
consistent pricing of 2-year ahead rates paths from the 
Fed and ECB post Lehman is what stands out (see 
second chart). We think this year will mark the 
beginning of renewed divergence. On the Fed side, 
mid-2015 guidance is soon coming into view for 2-yr 
rates making the entire US yield curve "live". In 
contrast, the ECB is re-opening a discussion around 
negative rates and strengthening its verbal guidance on 
"low for long" via multi-year liquidity commitments. For 
how long can the market be pricing identical rates 
paths for the ECB and Fed over the next decade? 
Second, and more importantly, we see the reduction of 
Eurozone risk premix as negative, not positive for the 
EUR. On the one hand, our models suggest there is 
little redenomination risk priced into the EUR anymore. 
This has seen the correlation with Euro peripheral bond 
spreads and EUR/USD drop to close to zero, and makes 
the potential (negative) EUR/USD reaction to a return of 
tail risk very asymmetric. Most importantly, the big 
story over the last five years has not been a lack of 
inflows into the Euro-area, which have remained 
remarkably steady. It has been domestic risk aversion. 
This has seen large waves of repatriation and the 
building of more than EUR 1 trillion worth of under-
weights in foreign assets. Lower tail risks and a 
gradually improving business cycle should see a return 
of these outflows - so we think EUR/USD is fully 
capable of participating in a USD rally, even if it lags 
the move lower in many other crosses. 
Bila! Hafeez +44 207 547 1489 
George Saravelos +44 20 7547 9118 
Page 4 
93 
97 
01 
05 07 09 11 
EFi
rcTare 4: USD Drivers Turning Up 
normalised units 
USD 
—Real yields' 
33,Rwoild 
Sava- Pea. ant • p•-7W renew! *ranks Ma( 
feestainla 
Figure 5: ECU To Diverge From Fed 
-US 2y2y rates 
- 
tee, 
Sant 0.4.0.• ess 
Market has been pricing identical 
Fed/ECB rates path since 2008. 
divergence corig 
r 
to 
Figure 6: Euro-Area Repatriation To End 
Cumulative debt and equity 
flows, trio EUR 
-4 
-6 
inflows 
outflows 
00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 
Sant Dasse• Sent 
Doutscho Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250752 
DB-SDNY-0104568 
EFTA01449243

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449244.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449244.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
anticipates a 'virtuous cycle among production, income 
and spending triggered by increases in public 
investment and exports.' At the risk of caricature, 
Hayami had been all about gritting one's teeth and 
holding 
out 
for 
the 
eventual 
benefits 
of 
(Schumpeterian) creative destruction, while Shirakawa 
was resigned to the structural drag from demographics. 
Kuroda has taken a leaf out of the Fed's much more 
activist playbook, raising the stakes (promising almost 
three times as much QE) and taking a lead in talking up 
the economy's reflationary prospects. Policy board 
members' core forecasts are that the economy will 
exceed its potential by a factor of 5-6 times this fiscal 
year (2.4-3.0% versus 'around 0.5%,' albeit with the 
caveat that this includes frontloaded demand ahead of 
the April '14 consumption tax hike)! 
Measures of progress will come over the summer, with 
investors able to gauge the reaction to: (i) Abe's grand 
deregulation and competition plan, to be unveiled mid-
June; (ii) the Tokyo metropolitan and Upper House 
elections, in June and July respectively; plus (iii) final 
social security reform and fiscal reconstruction plans in 
August and September. Positive domestic sentiment 
could well exaggerate risk-seeking outflows just as the 
Fed discussion about tapering down asset purchases is 
progressing. 
[fey) vu and then 
So how does the current backdrop stack up against 
previous periods of significant yen weakness? We 
examined seven episodes since the breakdown of 
Bretton Woods. They were characterized by trade 
shocks (mid- and late-70s, 
late-'80s, mid-'90s); 
valuation overshoots and intervention (mid-'90s); 
capital outflows, be they deregulation-, risk seeking- or 
'sell-Japan'-driven (early and late-'80s, mid-'90s, early 
and mid-'00s). Clearly, today shares many of these 
features, with the added kicker of an unprecedented 
monetary backdrop. This is what raises the prospect of 
overshoot. But that's unlikely to be an issue in the next 
3-6 months. 
James Malcolm, London, (+44)20754 50884 
Taisuko Tanaka, Tokyo, (+81)3 5156 6714 
Page 6 
'Abe's delivery scheudule 
30/31 May 
mid luny 
Jun 
July 
late July 
Anus': 
September 
°Claes 
&.e. Puns BIM 
International seminar on Shenomo. Tokyo 
tconoMr and irtscof Poky and Economic Revreatrabon 
oaVaory babel MAO n44or reammendobors 
Tokyo (PM OMER. In elta,014 
CUP haring on monetary policy and inflation 
Upper &lure tie :Came 
Soo., scanty reform pone 'womb bock 
Fatal reconstngtcoplon 
Provis:onal deadline for TPP aJPatment 
jPeriods of yen weakness in the 70's and early 80's 
960 
330 
300 
279 4 
240 
210 
USEUPY (LKSI 
160 
I —robe to USO GIO 
150 1 
Scarce Diane* lieu 
i• 36 
[ 32 
3.0 
26 
r 2.4 
a 2.3 
IB 
Periods of yen weakness since the late 130's 
170 
160 
150 
140 
130 
120 
It 
110 1 • 
We
i
so 
89 91 93 95 
Scott Oduwch• Owl 
...00•1150,1PY (1.1-15) 
—ratio to 050 GIC 
- 
I 
1.2 
99 01 03 OS 07 09 11 13 
1.8 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104570 
SDNY_GM_00250754 
EFTA01449244

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449245.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449245.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Theme la Swiss Cheese Pounded 
• 
Swiss investors have significant underweights in 
foreign assets and "safe havens" globally are 
turning. Sell CHF vs USD and EUR. 
• 
The GBP bear story is not over, in our view: basic 
balance dynamics remain explosive, Carney will 
stay dovish and market positioning is cleaner. Sell 
GBP vs USD and EUR. 
Don't Underestimate Swiss Investor 
The market has been very focused on "safe-haven" 
inflows into Switzerland in recent years. While these 
have been big, the bigger story is the lack of outflows. 
Up to 2008. bond and equity flows by Swiss investors 
had been running at a 50bn CHF annual pace, mostly 
recycling savings from Switzerland's large current 
account surplus. The main destination has been US 
and European assets, accounting for more than two 
thirds of Swiss net foreign assets. This abruptly ended 
after Lehman: the Eurozone crisis, narrow rate 
differentials, CHF strength and very volatile equity 
markets all played their part. On all these fronts, we 
think things are changing however. Eurozone risk 
premia have been unwound to pre-2010 levels. Risk-
adjusted equity returns are booming. The Swiss franc 
has stabilized at extremely overvalued levels, and both 
European and US yields have likely bottomed. We 
therefore see conditions ripe for a return of the Swiss 
investor to international capital markets, and believe 
this will be a major driver behind Swiss franc weakness. 
All Other Safe Havens Have Turned 
Aside from domestic-led portfolio outflows, we don't 
think the signals from the unwind of other "safe 
haven" trades can be underestimated. Of all the "tail 
risk" trades, we see gold as holding the most similar 
properties to the Swiss franc: zero yielding, but 
perceived to hold value at times of stress. With the 
economy entering an environment of asset price 
inflation but goods price deflation, gold has proved a 
poor hedge, and we think the same holds for the Swiss 
franc. Indeed, medium-term trends between the two 
are similar, and combined with the huge decline in 
Eurozone risk premia, we see the risks as skewed 
towards an unwind of the more than 150bn of safe-
haven inflow that went into Switzerland over 2010-12. 
CHF Should Participate in Dollar Turn 
Finally, USD/CHF historically turns to lag turns in the 
dollar cycle. Back in the 1990s, it turned together with 
USD/JPY and USD/DEM. With our confidence on the 
dollar outlook building and no change from the SNB on 
the back of a very benign inflation outlook, we see 
conditions as ripe for a breakout in both USD/CHF and 
EUR/CHF targeting 1.00 and 1.27 respectively over the 
rest of the year. 
It's Not the Inflows. But the Swiss Outflows That 
Matter 
cumulating:oft/oft lows, 
hn Sfr 
i00 
25cem 
&war 
&sear Daseatee BINS Leccenbeg Nivea IP 
iSrviss Franc Is Last "Safe Haven" To Turn 
1800 
1800 
1400 
1200 
1000 
800 
600 
400 
200 
Gold in BUB terms Ohs) 
CHF effechve exchange rate lihs) 
San. (Mew.* &Int abowiwg fOr•VICO 
CHF Is Last To Weaken Around Dollar Turns 
- 133 
120 
- 110 
100 
--.---- 70 
Months since currency topped against USD in 1990s 
1 
813 1 
- 
- 
• 
-
- 
- 
o • r, 
, 
. 
. 
N20 AUD CAD GBP NOK SEK DEM CHF ,IPY 
Jun 1966 NZDAJ50 
Nts cycle sigh, seat 
when [MY range 
Segos 
aca 1906: USURY 
NW sea ION. ore 
lam oars 
Sant Dmitri* dent Iteartneg finance LP 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 7 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104571 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250755 
EFTA01449245

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449246.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449246.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Theme P4: Solid Bloc 
• 
The key US data suggest CAD's external backdrop 
remains supportive, as do Canada's commodity 
prices, and fears on Canadian housing are likely 
overdone. We maintain our recently entered 
CAD/JPY long. Having recently exited our long-held 
bullish AUD/CAD and NZD/CAD views from our 
previous Blueprint we now also go short NZD/CAD. 
▪ 
With AUD looking to have clearly overshot to the 
downside we do not enter AUD/CAD shorts at this 
point. 
Indeed we are more inclined to take 
advantage of the skew in AUD/USD options to buy 
a vanilla AUD/US0 1.01 3-month call for around 
100 pips. 
We have in the past noted how US data surprises tend 
to lead Canadian data surprises, showing the influence 
trends in Canada's largest trading partner have on its 
economy. CAD then tends to follows US data surprises. 
CAD has been surprisingly resilient to weakness in the 
broader US data flow in recent weeks - a period where 
our US Macro Pulse Index of data surprises has largely 
run in negative territory. As can be seen in Figure 1, 
however, the key parts of the US recovery story - the 
recovering housing and labour markets - have been 
more encouraging than the broader US data flow 
recently, and are providing greater support for CAD. 
Canadian commodity prices also remain supportive, 
with US natural gas prices having climbed solidly in 
2013. 
Even in the weakest part of the Canadian outlook - the 
weakening building sector - the recent news is more 
encouraging, with overall building permits at a 5-month 
high in March (albeit driven by non-residential permits). 
While it is by no means a bullish factor yet, it may be 
that market participants are too negative on how much 
further this sector is likely to weigh on CAD (Figure 2). 
Given our ongoing bearishness on JPY, we expressed 
this CAD bullishness by going long CAD/JPY on 9 May 
when it rallied through 99 (see Trade Recommendation.• 
Long CAD/JPY, 10 May) and we maintain this long. 
This improving macro backdrop for CAD is being 
reflected in the financial variables that drive our short-
term models of CAD crosses. Our AUD/CAD model has 
clearly rolled over, while our NZD/CAD model is 
starting to roll over as well (Figure 4). So we recently 
exited our long-held AUD/CAD and NZD/CAD Blueprint 
views (see FX Daily.• Changing the Call on CAD Crosses, 
May 2013). 
Figure 1: Signals from US housing and labour market 
support CAD. 
CAD7M .20.4...2-sk 
4.116) 
It 
I
.6 
-6 
.10 
—Cenbewel Menage APP.' 
Jobl••• dome 
12v.101:64.1016414011IFIS1 
C0 
Sane O.B.M. Bank Bbetten lin 
LI 
-16 
Figure 2: .. Canadian building outlook starting to turn? 
i 
l 
i 
A 
e 
a 
tl 
a 
-10 
.10 
•20 
.20 
-30 
--Canadian Budding Perna 3m3en%. (Ins) 
.30 
.
.C.AO 
3m-Senit (MIS) 
-7 
,b 
anco 
JaaO5 
an -0r 
anus 
Source' Dasterlta Bent Eiloreinen Awn:* LP 
Jan-11 
Jilf1.13 
Figure 3: NZD/CAD model Is rolling over - even though 
spot has overshot near-term, we target a move to 0.80 
an 
an 
ClOi 
026 
an 
an 
Moy 
—**40,0**60eiry Palwon 10•04.6.000. Oa. 
Mown USG 110.1 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
ALI 12 
Nov 12 
Feb13 
Vey 13 
Sane' Purse** Link Bloteren Await LP 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 9 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250757 
DB-SDNY-0104573 
EFTA01449246

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449247.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint Dashing Buck 
Theme In: Japanese Takeaway 
We expect sensitivity to the JPY and offshore 
portfolio allocation preferences will continue to 
drive Asian FX. We are long USD/KRVV, USD/SGD 
& MYR/JPY. 
Asian FX returns this year have largely been driven by 
varying sensitivities to the JPY. Correlations to the JPY 
(first chart) differentiate the relative laggards - that 
compete for exports and portfolio flows with Japan -
from the relative leaders - that are integrated into 
Japanese supply chains and should benefit from 
Japanese import demand, FDI, and potential QE-
induced portfolio investment. With USD/JPY breaking 
into the triple-digit atmosphere, and a bulk of the "real" 
flow impact from Japanese policies yet to materialize, 
these divergent correlations remain the best guide to 
regional FX trends. in our view. In addition to the JPY, 
the outperformance of EM debt over EM equity fund 
flows has boosted debt-centric ASEAN FX over equity-
centric North Asian FX. We believe this trend has legs 
but will become more selective. 
KRV/ has the most to lose from JPY weakness. 
Competitiveness metrics such as export similarity 
indices point to a trade channel vulnerability. But the 
real pressure point comes from the portfolio channel. 
Earnings 
expectation 
downgrades 
for 
Korean 
companies and upgrades in Japan are driving relative 
equity market performance, resulting in flows into 
Japan and away from Korea. Importantly, an identical 
trend unfolded during the JPY weakness of 2004.07 
(second chart). Politicization of FX may also drive 
further monetary easing and FX intervention in Korea. 
By comparison, TVVD losses should be more subdued 
from here given weaker export competition with Japan, 
stronger equity inflows and central bank USD supply. 
SEA) is the puinst USD beta in Asia. By virtue of its 
NEER framework, the USD IVO has consistently been 
the top driver of USD/SGD. Unsurprisingly then, the 
importance of the JPY to SGD has surged since the 
USD/JPY uptrend began in October. Importantly, a long 
USD/SGD view is predicated in principal on USD 
strength 
broadening 
across 
Singapore's 
trading 
partners. It is thus even compatible with SSNEER 
tracking near the top band, although this positioning 
makes the risk-reward that much more attractive. 
MYR should outperform, given good inflow potential 
and a growing trade surplus with Japan. The status 
quo election result should sponsor portfolio rebalancing 
towards Malaysia. Equities have considerable scope to 
catch up to ASEAN peers, where valuations are now 
unattractive. IPOs should resume in force and could 
attract offshore interest. Bond allocations should pick 
up as underweights are covered (third chart) and as 
Thailand considers penalizing bond market access for 
foreigners. Malaysia meanwhile is unlikely to consider 
capital controls or a line in the sand on FX. 
Page 14 
JPY has been a key driver of Asian FX performance 
.; 
J:
4 
I I 
A 1 
I-cates 
Ali
• 
A3 
• 
OM) 
KR%V 11V2 
• Latest GM Cornfleuen to -MY IL MS) 
A4 
•YTD Fedi:aroma vs. USD (RS51 
CNY 
INR 
Sewn Dasseleaset Stasfrovienenc• LP 
PliP 
IOR 
Manors•
 I 
• 
1v1YR 
THB 
Equity flows move away from Korea and towards 
!Japan during periods of JPY weakness 
-40 1 saerew 
L 
I 
4,0 1 award biS).
50I 
-I40.11E.1vt). Inn:/M) (k ,
—Kan EgAttylsflows IRHI I 
ICO •I 
cc 
co 
OS 
ot. 
cc 
0/ 
0, 
Sown tans. Bent elontfrety Antra LP
Portfolio reallocation to drive MYR outperformance 
.10 - 
USO bit 
2008 
—Maros. 
Other ASEAN OM TH13, PHPs 
Bond inflows (3m sum) 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
Sam Dana* Ber h. Bent Ikon An a carocrod ton tA• moat* ceays elf 
worms 
Sameer Goel, Singapore, 
Mara° Sachdeva, Singapore, 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250762 
DB-SDNY-0104578 
EFTA01449247

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449248.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Theme #9: Mexican Siesta 
• 
With the reduction of global tail risks, EMFX is still 
attractive as a carry proposition due to elevated 
interest rate differentials and reduced volatility. 
• 
However, differentiation could play a more 
prominent role as 
fundamental deterioration 
gradually spreads from the core to the periphery. 
a 
In some cases, government intervention will 
continue to have an important influence on short-
term FX movements. 
• 
We still recommend short EUR/BRL and short 
EUR/CLP as carry trades. While we remain 
constructive on MXN in the medium term we 
recommend tactically taking profits. 
The noticeable reduction of Eurozone tail risks has 
helped EM currencies to become less sensitive to 
EUR/USD movements. With still relatively better growth 
perspectives, and in many cases, elevated interest rate 
differentials, EM currencies maintain some residual 
allure in this environment of reduced volatility. 
Nevertheless, as the deterioration of fundamentals 
slowly spreads from the core to the periphery, 
differentiation begins to play a more prominent role. 
Despite some overvaluation and, in some cases, 
deterioration in external accounts, capital inflows on 
the back of persistent monetary accommodation at the 
core should help to avoid any important correction, at 
least in the near term. Aggressive FX intervention could 
be problematic when central banks are more worried 
about 
losing 
competitiveness 
amid 
sputtering 
economic growth than the potential inflationary effects 
of weaker currencies. 
The BRL is a clear example of a central bank stepping 
in front of weakening fundamentals. In our view, the 
BRL will remain range bound due to official 
intervention, offering an attractive carry/volatility 
combination. The lukewarm interest rate hiking cycle, 
when inflation dynamics are all but comfortable, 
indirectly imposes greater constraints on acceptable FX 
depreciation. Even though the FX pass-through is 
relatively low in Brazil, and fundamental drivers are 
pointing toward further depreciation, the central bank 
has already signaled that it does not want to face any 
risks on the inflation front by promptly intervening 
when it considers necessary. We thus continue 
recommending short EUR/BRL to maintain a long BRL 
exposure as a carry trade (current: 2.60, entry: 2.56, 
target: 2.45, stop: 2.64). 
In contrast, MXN is an example 
of 
positive 
differentiation. Mexican assets continued to benefit 
Deutscho Bank AG/London 
from the combination of excess global liquidity amid a 
weakening global environment, in which it is becoming 
increasingly difficult to find a good story on 
fundamentals like Mexico's engaging in long-due 
structural reforms. An anticipated credit upgrade (by 
Fitch) and political signals for the continuation of the 
reform agenda pushed the MXN to break the critical 12 
level in the last few days. Even though the structural 
backdrop is sound, we believe that the short-term 
upside potential of the MXN is now limited. The 
gradual materialization of the reform agenda and the 
inevitable recovery in the US will certainly provide 
some medium-term support for the currency. In the 
short run, however, heavy positioning and potential 
transitory increase in risk aversion could induce a 
temporary break in the appreciation trend. 
Figure 1: Latikm and Asia FX on overvaluation territory 
ggr INuillremeni from fair Value 
35% 
30% 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
05% 
00% 
06% 
.10% 
.15% 
EMEA 
Asia 
LatAm 
Sant Daaelm Bio‘t 
•Mar-13 ■Janl3 
'Figure 2: Still elevated interest rate differentials 
BRL CLP COP 1‘0/1 PEN ?AR HUE LS PLN RUB TRY 
—. Doursthe aan. 
Page 17 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104581 
SDNY_GM_00250765 
EFTA01449248

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449249.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Additionally, after the Central Bank of Mexico 
suspended the "stabilization" mechanism, we would 
not be surprised if a new "reserve accumulation" rule is 
installed if the speed of appreciation increases. While 
any potential negative effects in the currency will likely 
be short lived (barring any disappointment in the 
reform agenda) we have recommended tactically 
taking profits in our long held short USD/MXN 
recommendation 
(closing: 
11.96, 
entry: 
12.68). 
Investors willing to position for residual upside could 
benefit from still reduced volatility by entering some 
bullish options strategies (either 1x2 USD/MXN put 
spreads or knock-outs). 
Andean currencies may suffer relatively more from 
weakening fundamentals, but we think that the 
downside may be limited. 
In particular, we do not see much upside potential in 
the CLP, but the combination of elevated yield and 
relatively low volatility makes it an attractive carry 
proposition for those willing to position for the global 
recovery. Nevertheless, as fundamentals gradually 
weaken, the risk of intervention is also fading away. 
The recent correction in commodity prices, especially 
copper, has driven the CLP away from intervention 
levels (perceived to be around 460), to the extent that 
some statements by CB president Vergara vouching for 
a weaker currency took the market by surprise. 
Depending on its persistence, this novel shock to the 
terms of trade could worsen an already complicated 
current account 
balance. Additionally, economic 
activity seems to be entering the long awaited 
deceleration path. In our view, the carry trade on 
EUR/CLP is an attractive alternative to position for 
loose monetary policies at the core (current: 618, entry: 
616, target: 602, stop: 626). 
In Colombia, policymakers under-delivered in terms of 
FX market intervention after signaling that the currency 
was unacceptably expensive. Nevertheless, some noise 
remains due to proposed changes in pension funds' 
minimum return calculation. While it is difficult to 
determine the potential impact of this measure (early 
calculations point to a range of I bn to 5bn of USD 
demand), this should not have an important direct 
short-run 
impact 
in 
the 
COP 
(beyond 
market 
anticipation). With the currency trading around away 
from the perceived 1800 intervention threshold, we 
have recommended taking profits in long USD/COP 
See Erntvging Markey Monthly: Row Mown, may 10 2013 
' The daft by the Superintendent of Pension Funds suggests It could 
Induce pension funds to follow a minimum share of foreign assets. 
which is slightly above current portfolios' allocation. 
Page 18 
(closing:1830, entry:1819) and waiting for some 
potential retracement to re-enter. 
Figure 3: Capital flows help to cover growing current 
account deficits 
Increaser/the GOP 
60% 
• Patrol° Flows 
• FCrl 
• Current Acclaim 
°Sum 
:20%
C: 
1111111 
1111 
40% 
40% 
40% 
40% 
HUE RUB WOICZK COP PEN BPI TRY aP ILS PIN ZAP 
San- Daurn** &et 
The PEN finally suffered a meaningful correction on the 
back of some news regarding the potential acquisition 
of a stake in a private oil company by a public one and 
weakening external accounts. But after briefly touching 
2.65, the currency recovered to the 2.60 level. Barring 
any external surprises, and taking into consideration 
the new boost to global liquidity, PEN should remain 
relatively anchored on the back of strong FDI flows but 
the change in CB intervention is evidently beginning to 
have the desired effect of increasing the volatility of the 
currency. Considering the almost non-existent carry, 
we recommend remaining neutral on USD/PEN. 
All in all the tide is beginning to change in LatAm FX. 
While some currencies still offer some attractive carry 
(BRL or even CLP) and other have some (medium-term) 
upside 
potential 
(MXN), 
gradually 
weakening 
fundamentals 
could 
increase 
the 
relevance 
of 
differentiation. 
Mauro Roca, New York +1 
Jose Vieira, New York +1 
Doutscho Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250766 
DB-SDNY-0104582 
EFTA01449249

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449250.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Theme I/10. Turning Up the Volume 
• 
Trading volumes, one of the better proxy indicators 
for realized volatility, have been grinding higher 
• 
Increased monetary divergence and 
abundant 
global liquidity could see this trend continue further, 
we like long volatility option plays 
Spot (Jading volumes picking up 
Trading volumes and volatility tend to closely track 
each other and volumes are now on the march. Last 
month's average Daily Volume (ADV) traded on the 
EBS platform for spot transactions averaged $128.3b1n 
a day, or 7% higher than the previous month. Looking 
at the disaggregated YtD trends, it can be seen that 
trading activity has been somewhat suppressed in the 
euro by the Cypriot banking crisis and broader Euro 
zone growth uncertainty, though was held up by the 
yen reflation trade and commodity currencies in C/1 
(charts 2-4, relative trading volumes for other 
currencies are available on request). 
Options !waken; :Plano a sandal mow 
The options market had signaled a similar pickup in 
2013. ADVs for exchange traded options from the CME 
for April increased by 61% YoY. Excluding yen options, 
which accounted for two-third of the differences in 
contracts traded, the largest relative difference was in 
GBP, more than doubling (143% YoY) since last April 
despite the lowered spot transactions, followed by 
AUD (79% YoY) and CAD (16% YoY). Although these 
contracts represent a small sample of the derivatives 
market and are corporate biased, we find that these 
often correlate well to volatilities (chart 5). When taken 
together with spot data the broader picture emerges -
higher overall volumes from the historical lows of 2012, 
followed by realized volatility. 
Monetary divergence should help 
In terms of whether the volume uptrend could be 
sustained in 2013, it appears that this trend is 
increasingly finding support from monetary divergence 
(one of the core drivers of FX volatility, in addition to 
volume) in an abundant global liquidity environment. A 
number of factors could contribute to this: Abenomics-
related investor outflows from Japan have yet to 
materialize, although recent net outflows in Toshin 
investment is suggestive of the initial pickup. RBA's 
monetary stance remains closely tethered to global 
growth, while the rest of the dollar bloc and 
Scandinavia central bank policies are linked to 
domestic pressures. Elsewhere in the UK, stagflation 
remains a prominent issue, further, it is worth nothing 
that almost any policy response could conceivably 
push volumes higher given that GBP/USD spot volumes 
experienced one of the sharpest falls VU) within the 
The bigger picture. Trading volumes and volatility 
ADV Sbn 
CVIX index 
2007 
21:01 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
Sown MS. Orooneat Iowa LP 
I EUR/USD volumes down 
$ 
Mar.11 
JU-I I 
Novi I 
Mar.12 
.1‘11.12 
Nov.12 
Mar.13 
• 
z - 
• 15 
-  0 
2013 
   J 
—
EL,FIUSO 2W volume 
- 
eal secl 
lagdy181-151 
Sane Ott Oloombeg Men LP 
[But held up by yen 
IS 
• 14 
JJ•11 
Nov41 
Mat.12 
JLL12 
Nov•12 
1.4,43 
Sans as Sooney nen LP 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 19 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250767 
DB-SDNY-0104583 
EFTA01449250

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449251.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
GI0 and hence is susceptible to rebound. Within the 
Eurozone, another factor to consider is the risk 
sensitive safe-haven unwinds (mainly from Switzerland 
and the UK) which could further add to this trend. 
The favoured trades 
In sum, a further increase in trading volumes and 
monetary policy divergence could see a broad-based 
volatility pick-up. Looking across a number of relative 
value trades, we recommended buying a 6M GBP/USD 
variance swap struck at 7.75%. and a 3M AUD/USD 
variance swap (9.00% strike), due to the low 
transaction volumes in GBP/USD and attractive 
historical realized volatility levels (see chart 6). 
Furthermore, these trades benefit from the negative 
spot-to-empirical volatility skew. 
Nicholas Weng, London, 
James Malcolm, London, 
Pago 20 
IGBP/USD volumes falling sharply in 2013 
—
 GBPUSO 2W vaume  
—2W 
eabsed vcialny (RHSi 
Ms-11 
Jul-11 
Nov.11 
Me,  I? 
Jul-12 
NDv-12 
Mw-13 
SIXOTI Ms, Nocvntwo nnirce 
Options mar ket ADVs on the rise 
.1 
Mor.11 
Jull I 
Nov-II 
Mar-12 
Jul•12 
Nov.12 Ma r• 13 
Sant' CAW roe 
—GBPUSO 1 M opoons volume 
GBP 1M realised volablety IRKS, 
'2 
TO 
IAUD and GBP realised volatilities are historically cheap 
1.5 
-0.5 
-1.5 
-2 
1111111110min. .11
MGM re
ed t-SCOte 
/Qe29§2g§
9§1112 - 6 
88E202*o2Rm802.2 2 8g. 2 a 
a8?atiVe42.
S°3@2sa@ae...3 
.2) BS 
Soots litentery Anne LP Zeta', MUM nealetlasd any Mow ,.an Minded 
J
Doutscho Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104584 
SDNY_GM_00250768 
EFTA01449251

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449252.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Trade Recommendation Update 
Trades from January 8 2013 to May 14- 2013 
Trade 
Theme 
Gain/Loss 
Long USD/JPY 
+17.07% 
Long EUR vs. USD, 
+5.6% (trailing 100pt stop 
JPY, GBP, CHF basket 
introduced Jan 25.)• 
Short GBP TWI 
+3.3% 
Long EUR/CHF 
+2.54% 
Long AUD/CAD 
-0.9% (exited 7• May)• 
Long NZD/CAD 
+2.8% (exited 7 May)* 
Short EUR/SEK 
+0.52% 
Short EUR/N0K 
+0.61% 
Long S&P call contingent 
4.25% 
on higher USD/CAD 
Short lY USD/CNH 
+1.6% 
Short lY USD/PH P 
-1.5% 
Short SNEER 
-0.8% 
Long RUB/JPY 
+16.25% 
Long PLN/CZK 
+1.18% 
Short CAD/MXN 
+10.48% 
Short EUR/BRL 
+4.47% 
Short EUR/CLP 
+1.59% 
Short US0/PEN 
-0.61% 
No. of winners: 14, No. of losers: 4, Hit Ratio 78%, Average Gain/Loss: +3.8% 
*Without risk management, long EUR vs. basket trade would have made 
+3.9%, long AUD/CAD trade -2.38% and long NZD/CAD +1.32% 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Pago 21 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104585 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250769 
EFTA01449252

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449253.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
Additional information available upon request 
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this 
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our 
website at http://grn.db.comigeddisclosure/DisclosureDirectory.eqsr 
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, 
the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation 
or view in this report. Bilal Hafeez 
Page 22 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104586 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250770 
EFTA01449253

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449254.pdf
----------------------------------------
4,
David FoIkerts-Landau 
Global Head of Research 
Marcel Cassard 
Global Head 
CB&S Research 
Asia-Pacific 
Fergus Lynch 
Regional Head 
International Locations 
Ralf Hoffmann & Bernhard Speyer 
Co-Heads 
DB Research 
Guy Ashton 
Chief Operating Officer 
Research 
Andreas Neubauer 
Regional Head 
Richard Smith 
Associate Director 
Equity Research 
Norrh America 
Steve Pollard 
Regional Head 
Deutsche Rank AN 
Deutsche Bank Arr 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche SeCUI NINO Inc 
Deutsche Bank Place 
Goalie GallusstraBe 10-14 
Filial. Hongkong 
2-11-1 Nagatacho 
Level 16 
60272 Frankfurt am Main 
International Commerce Centre. 
Sanno Park Tower 
Campo! of Ilunter & Phillip Streets 
Germany 
Austin Road Wast.Kowleon, 
Cluyoda ku. Tokyo 100 6171 
Sydney. NSW 2000 
Tot: (49) 69 910 00 
Hong Kong 
Japan 
Australia 
Tel: 1852) 7203 8888 
T.P. 181) 3 5156 6770 
Tcl. 16 11 2 8258 1234 
ik AC; 
I Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2E0 
United Kingdom 
Tel 914120 7545 8000 
Global Disclaimer 
Psol 
Rill k it-Cul 
i: if 
Wall Street 
New York. NY 10005 
United States of America 
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500 
The etOnnalOn and otentes Pn UN. fic4n wee propane by DesterChe Kent AG a one of 45 Mean ICOleCinely ljeulsChe Bane) Tee rannalen Nam e Mimed* be reliable arnd nes beet Mama Um male 
semis latemed le be Sable Devisee Gee mates re reverent/Mon 4s to Or eccoacyoc conyeironese a such elongation 
ComeM Bank may endow In males teens/mem one peopron•ne tom a otherem in • minnow mentelm wen the saw Ickes n thee rowed. tn.) n 
aditten, omen wthn Dewed,* Bans, cawing 
141•14gilli end sae cell. My tial•• yew Vet • menseteni win her term in the rematch men 
Omens. numerics and proentims an ice moon cone:Me me <were 'oedema id ma *Mot es of me are of Ms mon They do not roceemely rent the O005014 of Gender Barth and ate subset to Mande 
wrote mottle DeutsChe Gana has no otegation t0 LOOM rnodey o,  amend the repo/ of to otherosse roily • Mita ,* they* in the mot that any seniors, fereasi of Menge at forth 110.04% Magee Of 
sotemorithe texonies vac urele PIKIn and available, of imam, iroterneres an sa ved to Mende wine" robot Th. moons provided for renewal 
P.IPOWS on* 
is not one* , ix • solicitation of an 
ore to lath of eel am Timid:el ro tenvene Or to penrCiattle in end particular tr•dir0 Watella Teed Prom me reef MY McKee ant • raoeuet eff the arofeat µfperwf 
For
 ea than* he 
020* eery rant ire nay Cr! be appromiet lof MI dells P•flKspant• 
*roam eschews irons•mane may new rad weep I rein wand Mien. mitereihe factowne II forma ft• Mango 
new can be wail* end ere subm to ler fienations, 21 the Mae of femme my be effected by ., f114.001.1,11/1101 l•Mal., included world and nee mei aorome. penal and • mem, ewe* we nn rogue/ 
end bore moms and Correa in room! Moe and 31 eariences may te .(sect le deskmen or deareentro mimed echange coma awn code mot*" 
alien me value el tn. Downey Oates ate 
enceeresed to male Web own Hemmed westimenl and/of Carp {Items Pal per erreince is not roomer* -IICIPC•OV• el future tweet. Gemcros Bank my wth imam to *minus covered try Ow rowari, sell to 
or tair from ewe onew on a 9, 010(141 Milt and confide, the report 
deed.; so twee en a petpronny bred 
UM* dwertrig law Wohdes otronyes ail iraremehore lamed be mmuted trough the DeMerte Cif* witty in the nveslers borne pelieleffon. In the e.S Mrs nepon a armed 
due 
bed be COVISONO 
Berk Se<unlef Inc . a mental of We NYSE. Kne NASD. NM and SPC In Germany Ms repel es emceed maim Communnated by Dee:tens Ewe AG FrenIdun Onthointed by Mt FieFri In the Unted line:tom this 
non i$ .pep ova arsthe cemmuneeled by Onto.» Best AG London, • member of Use London Scot (Margo and resealed by Use Financed S•Otal Authente fee the conduct of ovatern•nl bane, an Me UK 
end mcnoniel by the BM in The Men s di/fiend in Mao Kemp by DeitsCre Bans AG. ale* Kong Brent, in KOMP.. by DrasChe &Karen KOM CO The repenetrotreaed in Singapore by DeetsChe Bank AG. 
St/Q4P0r• 13•4"0, or Nainmee Smote. Asia Landed. &mama Search end retest* n Srofraport of ins moon ant to contact 0•60010 Bank AG, &mimeo Bran di re Ocietrom Semmes Ase United Serowe 
Bra roh n respell a ace ITICVS Yep font a in romeCOM 
ms spend Where MO mac s 'need or eromisited n SrGatore to • person vao ri Mt on towel eel oroesiOr. meet ramie Of institutional 
wester as domed in the •Peolfeer Seceneee laws and regalltimil. Crearoche Bane AG, Semapore Branch co Deutsche 5•4.1044% Are tented Streatore Branca, occepts tebel reap:east! re vs each peters for we 
tOftfrt$ of the moon In Amin the repel is approved angler deribuled by Dees,* Seeste. we The tefeerne inn Contained al Ms repel does nol Corollate the vetoer of ha rmer *foot In AYStglba. Mel 
class snouts oban • cope of a Product Dal.(10$4, Meteinent fPC61 Mateo 00 ant (canoe metre refereed ton an noon area consider Ow FOS ;yon M•Alfil) any Melon *AM acme to wen the 1,041.1CL 
DevisChit Bank AG !Man nerotog a ineepteeiro n ave Fame R404014 Of Germany tBrent:Tt Resistor tiKennee n 'Soar. Anita I POS0032014/10 Aden iOnel freeneentt reave to aeltritro. other feronnei 0, 0dUCti. Of 
ISsues deceased in anis *mart is mailable upon Mutt 
The non my rot be neerodeted. ennead or pawed by am penon for ens pima wawa Deache Seeks soot torten consent Please coo sou*e 
hater pot.* 
Grower. A 2013 Dmische Bare AG 
GRCM2013PROD029228 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104588 
SDNY_GM_00250772 
EFTA01449254

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449255.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank a 
Table of Contents 
Currency Forecasts  
The Big Picture: 
The Dollar Is Back 
Monitors: 
G10 FX Valuation Monitor: Lines in the sand  
Capital Flows and Basic Balances  
Commodity Prices and Currencies 
U.S. Trade Balance 
Central Bank Reserves Currency Composition Monitor 
Page 2 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104590 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250774 
EFTA01449255

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449256.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449256.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Currency Forecasts 
Industrialized Countries 
• sia 
Spot 
Currency 
Rate 
3M 
6M 
12M 
Currency 
Spot 
Rate 
3M 
6M 
12M 
US $ Exchange Rates 
China 
CNYAJSD 
6.23 
6.25 
20 
612 
U.S. 
DB US$ Index 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 
6.24 
6.25 
6.27 
Hong Kong HKONSD 
7.76 
7.77 
80 
80 
Euro 
US$/Euro 
1.31 
1.30 
25 
1.20 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 
7.75 
7.75 
7.75 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1.31 
1.31 
1.31 
India 
INRNSCI 
53.7 
53.5 
53.2 
51.5 
Japan 
Yen/US$ 
100 
(Fwd. Rates) 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 
54.6 
55.4 
57.0 
U.K. 
USS/E 
1.51 
1.49 
1.45 
1.41 
Indonesia 
IDRNSD 
9,686 
9,950 9,900 9,850 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1.51 
1.51 
1.51 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 
9,753 9,863 10,101 
Canada 
C$NSS 
1.03 
098 
0.98 
1.00 
Malaysia 
MYRNSO 
3.10 
3.07 
05 
02 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1.03 
1.03 
1.03 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 
3.12 
3.13 
3.16 
Australia 
US$/A$ 
1.02 
1.04 
1.02 
1.00 
Philippines PHPNSD 
40.7 
40.4 
39.9 
39.3 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1.01 
1.01 
0.99 
(Fwd. Rates) 
• 
407 
40.7 
40.8 
N.Z. 
US$/NZ$ 
0.82 
0.83 
0.82 
0.80 
Singapore 
SGONSO 
1.24 
1.21 
1.21 
20 
(Fwd. Rates) 
0.82 
0.81 
0.80 
(Fwd. Rates) 
• 
1.24 
1.24 
1.24 
Switzerland StrNSS 
0.93 
0.96 
1.00 
1.00 
South Korea KRWNSD 
1,085 
1,075 
1O50 
1,040 
(Fwd. Rates) 
0.93 
0.93 
0.93 
(Fwd. Rates) 
• 
1.091 
1,096 
1,103 
Taiwan 
TVVD/USO 
29.7 
29.2 
28.5 
28.3 
Euro Cross Rates 
(Fwd. Rates) 
• 
29.6 
29.5 
29.3 
Japan 
Yen/Euro 
120 
125 
123 
120 
Thailand 
THB/USD 
29.8 
30.0 
30.0 
30.0 
(Fwd. Rates) 
120 
120 
120 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 
30.0 
30.1 
30.3 
U.K. 
C/Euro 
0.87 
0.87 
0.86 
0.85 
irs,r,,n , teto.+5 
(Fwd. Rates) 
0.87 
0.87 
0.87 
Switzerland Sfr/Euro 
1.22 
1.25 
1.25 
1.25 
Emerging Europe 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1.22 
1.22 
1.22 
Spot 
3M 
8M 
12M 
Norway 
N kr/Euro 
7.48 
7.30 
7.20 
7.10 
Currency 
Rate 
(Fwd. Rates) 
7.51 
7.54 
7.61 
Czech Rep 
orunaturo 
6 
25.0 
24.5 
Sweden 
Skr/Euro 
8.45 
8.20 
8.10 
8.00 
(Fwd. Hates) 
25.6 
25.6 
25.6 
(Fwd. Rates) 
• 
8.47 
8.49 
8.54 
KorunaNS$ 
19.6 
19.2 
19.6 
19.8 
is, clueroxr. 
bhurnturohNoolfr. D9 %inv..= 
O-wd. Hates' 
19.6 
196 
195 
Hungary 
Forint/Euro 
296 
280 
280 
280 
(Fwd. Hates) 
299 
302 
306 
ForintNS$ 
226 
215 
224 
233 
(Fwd. Hatesl 
228 
230 
233 
Latin America 
Poland 
Zloty/Euro 
4.16 
4.06 
3.96 
80 
Spot 
3M 
GM 
12M 
(Fwd. (idlest 
4.20 
4.24 
4.30 
Currency 
Rate 
Zloty/US$ 
3.18 
3.12 
3.17 
3.17 
Argentina 
ARSNSC 
504 
5.18 
5.50 
610 
(Fwd. Palest 
3.21 
3.23 
3.27 
(Fwd. Rates) 
4.63 
4.87 
5.33 
Russia 
Ruble/US$ 
30.6 
30.5 
30.5 
30.6 
Brazil 
BRLNISD 
1.98 
1.95 
2.00 
2.05 
(Fwd. Hates) 
30.3 
30.9 
31.5 
(Fwd. Rates) 
-
2.00 
2.03 
2.08 
Turkey 
Lira/USS 
80 
1.80 
1.80 
1.85 
Chile 
CLPNSD 
473 
476 
490 
505 
(Fwd. Hatesl 
1.82 
1.84 
1.88 
(Fwd. Rates) 
480 
485 
495 
South Africa Rand/US$ 
8.86 
8.70 
8.50 
40 
Colombia 
COPNSD 
1.814 
1,770 1.750 1.745 
(Fwd. Hates) 
- 
8.98 
9.08 
9.30 
Sane Aga" wawa &teeter) Ana" tP. as sores, 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1,828 1.840 1,867 
Mexico 
h/O<NN SD 
12.8 
12.7 
12.6 
12.2 
(Fwd. Rates) 
12.9 
13.0 
13.2 
lastree, P..Aerf naT.'e'jTnn LP Ga Meran, 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104591 
SDNY_GM_00250775 
EFTA01449256

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449257.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449257.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
G10 FX Forecasts: End of Quarter 
Latest 
Feb, /3 
2013 
and-Q1 
end-Q2 
end-Q3 
end-Q4 
2010 
end-04 
2015 
end-034 
LID-crosses 
EURNSO 
1.31 
1,35 
130 
1.25 
1.20 
1.15 
1.10 
USD/JPY 
100 
110 
115 
G8P/USD 
1.51 
1.52 
1.49 
145 
141 
1.39 
1.38 
USD/CHF 
0.23 
0.91 
0.96 
100 
1.04 
1.07 
1.12 
AUD/USD 
1.02 
1.06 
104 
1.02 
1.00 
090 
0.85 
NZONSI3 
0.82 
0.83 
083 
0.82 
0.80 
072 
0.68 
USD/CAD 
1.03 
0.98 
0.98 
098 
100 
105 
1.10 
USD/SEK 
645 
6.15 
6.31 
a 48 
6.67 
6.74 
6.82 
USD/NOK 
571 
5.48 
5.62 
576 
5.92 
6.00 
6.09 
8(2R-costes 
EUR/JPY 
120 
127 
125 
123 
120 
127 
127 
EUR/GBP 
0.87 
0.89 
0.87 
0.86 
0.85 
0.83 
0.80 
EUR/CHF 
1.22 
1.23 
1.25 
1.25 
1.25 
1.23 
1.23 
EUR/SEK 
845 
8.30 
8.20 
8.10 
8.00 
7.75 
7.50 
EUFt/NOK 
749 
7.40 
7.30 
7.20 
7.10 
6.90 
6.70 
Page 4 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104592 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250776 
EFTA01449257

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449258.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 5: USD/JPY Broken Away From Rate Differentials 
115 
110 
I0) 
105 S 
- 
-t-
101%* Doltd. Aviv Econ.) 
.USD/JPY(lhs) 
2y spread (bpsins) 
• 
• 
Figure 6: Record Negative Correlation Between Dollar 
and Stocks Reversing Suggests Regime Change 
2y corretothon between USD TW1 and S&PSOO 
200 
using 1y rolling returns 
100% ' 
I , rg levels 
80% 
150 
60,0. 
I
40% 
ti
I 
20% 
t 
100 
0% •I 
hi 
tr i )
-20O: 
-40‘,^0 
\
. 
kl 
-60% 
-(30% 
k r 
I
W 
-100% - 
78 81 84 87 90 93 96 99 02 05 08 11 
it Farman; 
The significance of the USD/JPY turn higher should not be understated. It is perhaps the only 
currency pair that has captured all the major macro themes since the 2008: an aversion to 
crisis-prone regions, ultra-easy Fed policy, the Euro-area crisis, and the investment boom in 
China. All these have until recently been positive for the yen against the dollar, and indeed 
contributed to the all-time high seen in the yen. The fact that the yen has now so decisively 
turned lower suggests markets are entering a new regime. 
The notable shifts in market behaviour include the complete breakdown of the relationship 
between relative interest rates and USD/JPY (see Figure 5) and the declining correlation 
between the dollar and equities, such that the dollar is no longer weakening in "risk-on" 
periods (see Figure 6). 
On the macro side, 2011 marked the period when US growth more clearly established a lead 
over Euro-area growth (see Figure 7). Since then, US investors have reduced their buying of 
foreign equities (see Figure 8). This capital flow is perhaps the most important one to track 
the beginning of dollar uptrends (see Exchange Rate Perspectives, December 2012). The end 
of 2012 has likely seen the low in real US yields, which has trended down since 2008 (see 
Figures 9,10). This suggests the Fed is unlikely to do further easing measures. And even if it 
Figure 7: US Growth Firmly Above Euro-Area's 
ID 1 reol GDP growth, rolling y/y, consensus forecasts used 
for 2013, Germany used pre-EMU 
-2
-4
-6 
75 77 79 81 83 85 87 89 91 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
SUS 
—Euro-area 
Figure 8: US Investors Buying Less Abroad 
•USD TW I (Ihs) 
140 
US purchases of fort, inr equities (inverted, r -0.5% 
24mms, % of GDP. 
130 3 
0.0% 
0.5% 
L 1.5% 
-i- 
2.0% 
82 8486889092 9496980002 04 06 08 10 12 
edit.. Pamwp 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 7
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104595 
SDNY_GM_00250779 
EFTA01449258

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449259.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449259.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Sxrc.: 
icc,e.krk 
Page 8 
8,000 -I 
—'-Developing ex-China Ohs) 
6,000 
China (rhs)
800 
700 
600 
500 
• 400 
300 
200 
100 
.Figure 9: US Real Yields Turning Up 
-1 
SUS 
toy 
. 
real yields Ohs) 
—US unemployment rate, inverted 
(ms) 
.. 11 
98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 06 09 10 11 12 13 
e 3 
I.4 
) 6 
i• 10 
9rx• NOW. Get E:on. 
Figure 10: Lowest US Real Yields Outside Of Inflation 
Spikes Since 1800 
,
,10 yields minus Inflation 
1800 1825 1850 1875 1900 1925 1950 1975 2000 
did, currency markets are no longer reacting as strongly to such measures. Instead, other 
central banks are catching up to Fed easing, such as the BoJ since Abe's election (or even 
earlier the SNB in 2011), are having a distinctly bigger a more negative impact on their 
currencies over the dollar. Finally, the introduction of the OMT by the ECB in the summer of 
2012 has seen the tail risk for the Euro-area significantly reduced. 
What Goes Up Must Come Down; The Link To China 
A new market regime would imply that many of the trends since 2008 will likely reverse. 
Identifying those trends would also help answer the question of what would happen if the 
Fed exits QE, which has occupied market participants in recent months. 
At the core, two clear trends have been in play since 2008. First, ultraeasy monetary policy 
by the central banks of the crisis-hit economies in the developed world, notably the Fed and 
ECB. Second, emerging market growth outperformance, particularly China. 
Moreover, both trends are connected. Indeed, Fed easing has seen US real yields, and global 
liquidity increase, while Chinese growth outperformance has provided a destination for this 
Figure 11: Surge in China Investment And Non-
Conventional Credit 
55% 
50% 
45% 
40% 
35% 
Investment share of 
Chinese GDP Ilhs) 
% of credit outside of 
bank Yuan loans (rhs) 
60% 
50% 
10,000 
- 40% 
30% 
- 20% 
4,000 
Figure 12: Cross-Border Banking Lending Going To 
China 
12,000 1 foreign claims on borrowers from ($bn): 
10% 
2,000 
30% 
r 
r 
T 
--• 
0% 
7881 83 85 8789 91 93 9597 9901 03 0608 10 12 
85 87 89 91 93 95 97 99 01 03 05 07 08 10 12 
E 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104596 
SDNY_GM_00250780 
EFTA01449259

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449260.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 13: Top Ten Change In Cross-Border Bank 
Lending 
200% 
180% 
160% 
140% 
120% 
100% 
80' 
60% 
40% 
20% 
change in foreign claims on borrowers since 200901 
tb
=
t 
s 
ci 
= 
"8 
a 2 
a 
Figure 14: Bottom Ten Change In Cross-Border Lending 
0% 
-10% 
-20% 
-30% 
-40% 
-50% • 
-60% 
-70% 
-80% 
change in foreign claims on borrowers since 200901 
5>ox• arischo Sen. GIS 
00uutp Nil den% INWelorid CAntrK.I6 
en. b 
I I I 
• 
• 
• 
A • 
0. 
-44
excess liquidity. The investment rate in China has grown annually since 2008, and is currently 
the second highest in the world, after the tiny African island nation of Sao Tome and Principe. 
This investment has been funded by non-traditional credit expansion (see Figure 11. 
Moreover, when looking at cross-border bank lending since 2008, the most rapid growth in 
the world has been to Chinese borrowers (see Figure 12). After that, other Asian countries 
and Brazil have seen the biggest increase in borrowing (see Figure 13). The biggest drops 
have been seen to European borrowers (see Figure 14). Other markets that have benefited 
from easy G3 liquidity and Chinese growth has been EM local bonds, "safe-haven" markets 
such as Japan (see Figure 15) and property in prime locations around the world, like central 
London (see Figure 161. 
A new market regime would therefore likely see a reversal of many of these trends or at the 
very least a moderation in their pace. From a currency perspective, it adds to the case that 
Asia-Pac currencies, such as SGD and AUD, have likely seen their peak against the dollar, 
with risks skewed to the downside. 
Figure 15: Surge In Foreign Buying Of Japanese Funds 
100 
110 
120 
ISO 
140 
—USID/JPYlinverteAlhs) 
—Money market fund inflows L1PY 
till, cumulative, ms) 
97 9899 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 0910 11 12 13 
sw“ orvroi.: ark. 
• 60 
ao 
o 
- -10 
-20 
Figure 16: Prime London Has Benefited From Post-2008 
Regime 
64,500,000 1 overage price of detached house in 
£4,000,000 1 prime London (Kensington and Chelsea) 
£3,500,000 4 
£3,000,000 
£2,500,000 I 
£2,000,000 j 
£1,500,000 
£1.000.000 
£500,000 1 
959697%990001020304050606091011 12 
soi,:c,c,...n.crposva. LI( Lama Roster 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 9 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104597 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250781 
EFTA01449260

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449261.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449261.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 17: BoJ Balance Sheet Yet To Grow As Fast As 
Fed Or ECB 
35% 
central bank balance sheet as share of GOP 
30% 
25% 
20% 
10% 
5% 
0%  
Fed 
Sco,:•!. C!"..9!!!et‘r... 
OB 
Figure 18: Japan's Narrow Basic Balance of Payments 
Very Negative 
100 
^:to 
130 
140 
~BobBVnu12Nsun 
150 
uSttiltY (non 
.5 
160 
4en91 JanS4 Jan97 Jan00 Jan-33 Jan.36 Jan-39 Jan-12 
CNY, EUR, JPY and the rest: Where Next? 
The case for yen weakness is straightforward. We expect "Abenomics" to see a more 
aggressive BoJ, perhaps using the 1930s as a template for recovery, when currency 
weakness was a clear support (see FX Strategy Weekty, 15 February, 2013). It should noted 
that the BoJ has yet to expand its balance sheet as much as the Fed or the ECB since 2008 
(see Figure 17). The Bank of England also appears to be itching to ease policy in part to 
weaken the pound, perhaps in response to Abenomics. Outside of BoJ policy, the narrow 
basic balance of payments (current account + FDl) points to clear yen weakness (see Figure 
18). The surge in money market funds inflows should also reverse (see chart). We expect 
USD/JPY to eventually rise to 115 by 2015 (and 100 by year-end and 110 by end-2014). These 
are higher than our previous forecasts. 
The negative growth gap with the US, similar interest rates (see Figure 19) and US investors 
buying less equities abroad should weigh on the euro. The ECB is unlikely to hike with Euro-
area growth close to 0% and with BoJ and BoE actions leading to currency weakness. And of 
course, there are ongoing and well-known issues around the Euro-area crisis. We look for the 
euro to eventually head to 1.10 by 2015 (and 1.20 by year-end and 1.15 by end-2014). 
Figure 19: US/Euro Rate Spreads Sideways 
1.45 - 
0.91- 
01-. "Si 
o.4: 
-0 5; 
r
Detrencsed USD vs EUFepre-99 DEM, Ilis1 
2y fate ditt ensl 
\1 \ 44il
l  
fiV4
-4 
-1.05 - 
-6 
76 79 82 85 88 91 94 97 00 03 06 09 12 
Page IC 
Figure 20. CNY Under- and Over Valued 
-10 
-20 
CNYayervaluaben based on FEM (dock) and BEER (grey) 
CNY overvalued 
-30 
return to 10/ wool current 
iFEEPI 
-40 
--- PPP adjusted lor productivity and terms of vale SEER 
97 98 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 09 10 11 12 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104598 
SDNY_GM_00250782 
EFTA01449261

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449262.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 21: Almost All FX Weaken When Dollar Strengthens. 
750-
50o-
250-
Co
-
.25 
.50o-
-750-
r t ra: 
too: vtnrn< oingo 
f•dricio, nc 
GIO 
EMEA 
Latin 
IIIIII _III 
T 
Asia 
CUR ..PY O5P CHF RA 0k ALO Nm CAD PUI CL( HIS ALS 'WY IM( NA FAN. eet CV COP Pill IOW IWO MO HAD CNY He WO PHP NB MM 
We only expect modest CNY appreciation against the dollar. One measure of valuation points 
to only modest undervaluation (see Figure 20). Moreover, the decline in China's current 
account has been quite sharp. If China wishes to see a return of the current account balance 
back to its recent average, then the CNY would have to weaken (see Figure 20). 
Importantly, we expect the China-linked currencies such as AUD to weaken to 0.85 by 2015 
(and 1.00 by year-end, 0.90 by end-20t4). The risks around switching from an investment-led 
growth model to a consumption-base model, that is, China rebalancing, suggests the risks for 
these currencies are to the downside. 
Other currencies should broadly follow the dollar. Indeed, past correlations suggest that most 
EM currencies follow the narrow dollar trend (see Figure 21). The main exception is the 
Mexican peso which has tended to strengthen with dollar strength. Some of the high-yielding 
currencies such as TRY, INR, IDR and RUB have tended not to see their spot move with the 
dollar trend. 
Through all of these individual currency forecasts, the most important point is that the 9-10 
years of dollar weakness is now behind us, and the beginning of a multi-year uptrend is 
unfolding. 
Bilal Hafeez, 
London, +44 20 7547 1489 
Deutsche Bank AG)London 
Page II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104599 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250783 
EFTA01449262

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449263.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank TI
FX Valuation Monitor: Lines in the Sand (PPM* 
Figure 1: The euro is expensive and the dollar 
cheap 
8533.29 
21.65 
130 
120 
110 
15.7815.69 
11.9 
100 
6.60 
1.50 
[ AUD NZD CHF CAD NOK EUR GBP SEK AP/4
-10 y
-10.10 
jl 
-20 
Figure 2: The dollar is 12% cheap to fair value 
t‘9 
Figure 3: EUR/USD: The euro is expensive though 
remains within the 20% threshold ... 
1.6 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
0.8 
0.6  
 0.6 
89 
05 
Figure 5: USD/GBP: as well as sterling ... 
C 
0.85 
0.76 
0.65 
0.55 
0.45 
0.35 
0.25 
bk. A 
i 
s re 4/rvis 
___• 20% Band 
LISCVG8P 
PPP L60;GBP 
0.96 
r 
085 
0.75 
065 
0.55 
0.45 
0.35 
0.25 
SOW* e 
PrAW:ti 
78 79 82 85 88 91 94 97 00 03 08 09 12 
130 
120 
110 
100 
Figu e 4: USD/JPY: ...The yen is expensive 
350 
300 
250 
200 
160 
100 
350 
• 300 
• 250 
200 
• 150 
• 
100 
Figure 6 USD/CHF: CHF is expensive 
3.3 
2$ 
2.3 
0.8 
— — 
20% 84o4 
USUCHP 
— PPP USD/CHF 
at 
ions OP Cx Ciesorol 
'Our measure of relative PPP is calculated using long-term averages from Jan-80 to Dec-04 and deflating by monthly CPI 
differentials. We refer to current spot rates as 'cheap' or 'expensive with explicit reference to this measure of fair valuation; 
these statements are not intended in any way to be 'buy' or 'sell' recommendations. 
Page 12 
Deutsche Bank AG/Lonclon 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104600 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250784 
EFTA01449263

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449264.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 7: USD/CAD: CAD overvaluation is being 
unwound 
1.7 
1.6 
1.6 
1.4 
1.3 
1.2 
1.1 
1.0 
0.9 
Sane De nenoseoc• 
1.7 
1.6 
1.5 
1.4 
1.3 
1.2 
.1 
1.0 
0.9 
Figure 9: USDINZD 
and so is NZD 
j 
r4
a  
r
 w-
USO/NZD 
20% Dad 
PPP USWNZD 
Figure 8: USD/AUD. AUD is very expensive, beyond 
20°o threshold... 
OS 
ktfiCe SPA f•••••,:• 
1.8 
Figure 10: FURIJPY The euro is close to fair value 
against the yen 
3.0 
2.6 
450 
400 
350 
EUR/JPY 
450 
400 
350 
— — — 20% Band 
PPP EUR'JPY 
2.0 
300 
300 
250 
250 
1.6 
200 • 
-- 
Ica
200 
1.0 
150 
-- 
__ 
•-• 
elk
.
150 
103 
100 
0.6 
Figure 11: EUR/GBP: Sterling is cheap against the 
euro 
1.0 
0.9 
0.7 
0.4 
0.3 
$owt's CO FX Rem., 
'3 
Figure 12: EUR/SEK: SEK is very cheap versus the 
euro 
• 
- 
.
• 
• 
6rent 
S.x.e.•• CfEFX P.01-64.0 
fr..° —•••• • • 
• 
ELIR/SEK 
—1"^—b•••• 
- --• 20% Band 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 13 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104601 
SDNY_GM_00250785 
EFTA01449264

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449265.pdf
----------------------------------------
,e P.Ite, I 
Deutsche Bank 0 
FX Behavioral and Fundamental Equilibrium Exchange Rates (BEER and FEER)* 
Figure 1: USD-cross BEER and FEER valuations 
150 
II 
1, 1111
-5 
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
u- 
a=D
io 
O 
la IA 
CC 
CC 
CO 
CCU..7207E 
Z 
Figure 2: EUR/USD is a bit expensive vs. BEER FV 
1.80 
60 
1.40 
1.20 
00 
0.80 
60 
.00.•••13EER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 0608 10 12 
Figure 4: GBP/USD is very undervalued vs. BEER FV 
50 
00 
1.50 
00 
R - a 
'a it 
Spot 
82 8486 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 0608 10 12 
II 
z 0 
In BEER 
PEER 
I-TIT inifill
00. 
Z 
Za-
-a 
Z 
0- 
LP ea 
La 
CC 
IA 
is 
Figure 3: USD/JPY is now fair value vs. BEER FV 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
BEER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Figure 5: USD BIS TWI is a bit cheap vs. BEER FV 
140 
130 
120 
110 
100 
82 84 86 889092 94 96 98 00 02 0406 08 10 12 
Stoma :OF 
'Sources: BIS, Bloomberg, Deutsche Bank. Notes: For details on model, see Exchange Rate Perspectives, Jan-13. 
BEER model is relative PPP adjusted for terms-of-trade and productivity effects. Relative FEER model is based on 
current account surpluses/deficits relative to long-term (structural) surpluses/deficits. Over/undervaluation 
calculated off TWIs and converted to USD-crosses using matrix algebra. EM graphs available upon request. 
Page 14 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104602 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250786 
EFTA01449265

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449266.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 6: USD/CAD is cheap vs. BEER FV 
1.80-]
1.60 
40 
20 
1.00 
BEER Fair Value 
80 
-
8082 8436 88 90 92 94 96 98 0002 04 0608 1012 
r‘t n P.v/eic:t 
Figure 8: NZD/USD is very expensive vs. BEER FV 
110 
0.90 
0.70 
0.50 -I 
0.30 
BEER Fair ValueSpot
8062 84868890929495980002040503 1012 
Figure 10: USD/NOK is a bit expensive vs. BEER FV 
10.00 
9.00 4 
8.00 
7.00 
6.00 
5.00 
4.00 1 
3.00 -I--
ElF.ER Fair Va:ue 
—Spot 
8082 8486 8890 9294 9698 0002 0406 C81012 
Figure 7: AUD/USD is quite expensive vs. BEER FV 
1.25 - 
0.50 
82 8486 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 07 04 0608 10 12 
BEER Fair Value 
—Spot 
Cig ant."' 
Figure 9: USD/CHF is quite cheap vs. BEER FV 
3.00 1
2.50 I 
2.00 
1.50 1 
1.00 -I 
0.50  
82 8486 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 0608 1012 
SEER Fair Value 
Spot 
Figure 11: USD/SEK is expensive vs. BEER FV 
12.00 
a • Value 
—Spot 
9.00 
6.00 
3.00 —I—
8082 84868890 9294 9698 0002 0406 08 10 12 
awv....r, 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 15 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104603 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250787 
EFTA01449266

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449267.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank ri 
Figure 12: EUR/USD is cheap vs. FEER FV 
1.80 -1
Relative FEER Fair Value 
Spot 
1.60 -I 
1.40 
1.20 
too 
0.80 1 
0.60 
82 8486 88 90 92 94 96 98 0002 04 0608 1012 
OtirxPeorecr, 
Figure 14: GBP/USD is expensive vs. FEER FV 
250 1 
2.00 - 
1.50 
1.00 
Relative PEER Fair Value 
—Spot 
B032 848638 90 92 94 96 98 0002 040608 10 12 
Figure 16: USD/CAD is quite cheap vs. FEER FV 
1.80 
1.60 - 
1.00 
0.80 
Relative PEER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 8486 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 0508 10 12 
Sous:* DB A Ast 
Page 16 
Figure 13: USD/JPY is very cheap vs. FEER FV 
350 
300 1 0
1/4
250
200
150 i 
100
82 84 86 8890 92 94 96 98 00 02 0406 08 10 12 
Relative PEER Far Value 
—Spot 
Figure 15: USD BIS TWI is a bit cheap vs. FEER FV 
140 
• 
130 " 
120 
110 
100 
Relative FEER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 84 86 88 9092 94 96 98 0002 0406 08 1012 
Figure 17: AUD/USD is fair value vs. FEER FV 
1.25 •. 
015 
0.50 
Relative FEER Fair Value 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 0608 10 12 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104604 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250788 
EFTA01449267

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449268.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank ri 
Figure 18: NZD/USD is a bit expensive vs. FEER FV 
1.10 
Relative FEER Far Value 
Spot 
0.90 
0.70 
0.50 -I 
0.30 
82 8486 88 90 92 94 96 98 0002 04 0608 1012 
:0ut.* LV 
Pokrect) 
Figure 20: USD/NOK is expensive vs. FEER FV 
10.00 
9.001 
8.00 I 
7.00
6.00 
5.00 
4.00 1 
3.00  
Relative FEER Fair Value 
--""- Spot 
8082 84 86 18 909294 969800020406 081012 
Sxeca O8FX ',arm 
Figure 19: USD/CHF is fair value vs. FEER FV 
3.00 
—Relative FEER Fair Value 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
1.00 -I 
0.50 
Spot 
808284868S 909294969800010405081012 
Figure 21: USD/SEK if fair value vs. FEER FV 
12.00 1 
9.00 
6.00 
3.00 I 
8082 84 86 88909294 9698 0002 0406 081012 
.1<w Ct. rA 
Relative FEER Fair Value 
Spot 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 17 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104605 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250789 
EFTA01449268

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449269.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank a 
G10 Capital Flows and Basic Balance Monitor 
United States (USD bn) 
Figure 1: The basic balance is on a recovery path over 
the last one year 
203 
100 
-100 
-200 
300 
400 
.500 
-600 
7t0 
— 
Bsso Biro. 
usoivx RA 
La' 
Tress usenmnue thetradebelarc•Z‘V 
Net lotenn US nnowsleti. US 
12m 44cl-ranted) 
1:6 
4.75 
4.70 
4.66 
460 
4.65 
4.50 
4.45 
440 
35 
430 
4.26 
420 
Figure 3: The private basis balance has been diverging 
from the overall balance 
20C -
100 -
;Ci 
200 
100 
.100 
400 
400 
.2C0 
403 
-303 
40) 
4% 
-50) 
Pine Bars Baas 
400 
—arise Bas Banos 
.600 
.703 
-700 
.5 
Ch 
Figure 2: as non treasury portfolio outflows have 
remain positive 
800 -
600 -
400 
200 
400 
400 
400 
400 
- nes Bads, 
µ.t sse.euews suislo ins 
Eataia 
98 99 00 01 02 03 04 06 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 
• 
Figure 4:as official inflows become significant 
Figure 5: Official inflows inversely correlated with 
private inflows since the late 1990s 
820 
USD Bn. 
820 
11•4 Mimi Flows 
420• 
Not Pnesee nanlessulyiess 
320• 
220• 
120 
"x—rrr•--i-t4L-ai41/
P
-80 
788002 84 86 88 90 92 94 469800020406031012 
festeCt 08e SStn se0 sae 
620 
- 620 
- 420 
- 320 
- 220 
- 120 
-60 
USD Bn 
—lietOfficill'unnesof 
034•0110 Boss 
SUMS( Putehansof 
Agency BO MO 144 
0082 IS 66 00 90 92 94 96 80 00 02 04 06 00 10 12 
800 
600 
400 
200 
-200 
-403 
-COO 
-800 
160 
100 
-60 
-100 
-150 
Figure 6: Relative to the private basic balance, the 
dollar is expensive 
200 
100 
400 
.200 
400 
ACC 
USD Bn 
-500 — 
Pin. Bs* Bfl 
—U1M.14161 
400 
IS
, Feted UST
 Press BanoBeenceeiles) 
•700 
3.83 
£0949696979899 000102 03 04 051160708091011 12 13 
V 
e0 
4.60 
4.40 
4.20 
4.00 
Sous O8F X 'Won" std ux Noss 
Page 18 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104606 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250790 
EFTA01449269

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449270.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449270.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank El 
Figure 7: Net FDI outflows accelerate 
400 
300 
200 
100 
-100 
.202 
400 
-403 
40iCar.e 
F011albro 
FOINotlbws 
FDI 0 
kw. 067g4obnosoitit Penn, 
400 
260 
100 
-50 
.213D 
-350 
.6C0 
Figure 9: Official sector buying of US bonds are now 
almost equal to private buying 
900 
800 • 
700 
600 -
SO • 
4C0 -
3O -
200 -
100 - 
rn:i Sum 
tiot Pin* Bond Fb 
Not Oftwel Bond Fb 
900 
800 
700 
coo 
500 
400 
300 
200 
100 
-100 
103 
780382 04868890S001969803020406081012 
Figure 11: No clear relationship between USD TWI 
and UST purchases 
USO 1W tAlepo. ts) 
500 
4.80 
EC 
440 
Figure 8: Portfolio flows were driven mostly by net 
bond flows, while net equity flows remain modest 
1200 
10:73 
930 
920 
0:73 
200 
12mo Sun 
1200 
1000 
800 
600 
400 
200 
-200 
.203 
7779818365871399193959799 01 1330507091113 
isioeco O8 4% oeso.vca ...Jos Tna
Figure 10: Treasury purchase by private sector has 
fallen substantially 
600 
400 
200 
— 
Pri.'
 7yeaub Porthroka 
Prbers Agency 
Nee* Cob 
—US Mot %boos of Pomba bowls 
200 
.200 
.203 
79 81 83 86 87 89 91 93 96 97 99 01 03 05 07 00 11 13 
Figure 12: Net equity flows remain positive 
220 
170 
120 
-30 
-so 
-130 
USD C41 
-US 
Stocks 
‘' 
•• Foreign Stock 
--Net Stocks 
220 
170 
120 
-30 
-90 
•130 
-160 3 
4.20 
-180 
-180 
777901 CO 716W 09919396979901[005070911 13 
81 83 86 87 89 91 93 95 97 99 01 CO 05 07 09 11 13 
&vs:* 09ARescroobt5 Warr 
S:VCO Onk A4410(0, 
7,04ROF 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 19 
CONFIDENTIAL— PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104607 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250791 
EFTA01449270

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449271.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank El 
Canada (CAD bn) 
Figure 1: The basic balance has generally been in a 
downtrend since 2007 
-40 
-60 
-80 
-100 
Dec-90 
Satre Off ne 
Base Baena, 40 
CADJUSI) - Queen Ave lase (m) 
Dec-94 Dec-98 Dec-02 Dec-06 Dec.10 
10 
- 1.06 
- 1.00 
•0% 
▪ 0.90 
. 0 86 
• 0.60 
• 0 75 
0.70 
▪ 065 
060 
Figure 3: Portfolio inflows seem to have peaked after 
an upsurge since 2008 
150 
100 
-60 
-100 
Jen-91 
—PortIola Ekren 12-npanth 
-
Saab ElolarKo 40 tang 
Clinnery *sung. (r* 
J un-95 
Jun-99 
J un03 
Jun-07 
10 
- 1 05 
• 1.00 
- 0.95 
- 090 
-085 
080 
-075 
- 070 
• 065 
- 060 
Jun-11 
Figure 5: Net equity outflows continue unabated 
-40 
.60 
-CO 
Jan9I Jan-94 isnS7 Jan% Jan.03 J en0S Jan.09 J402 
-Ceneeen 
Fbws Abend 
rosign (*lbws 
—
Mot EquItc ft** 
SOW* Del,  P.-W.I.:ern: 
-20 
-40 
.60 
-CO 
Figure 2: as net FDI outflows continue 
-20 
-40 
Ma -90 Mar-94 
Mar-98 Mar-02 
Mar-C6 
Mar-IC 
—Net FDI 
OulWatl Olga Inassynoms 
-ine.J.t Odra Imestrn. 
-20 
Figure 4: as foreign interest in Canadian securities has 
fallen from record highs 
150 
100 
-100 
-160 
Jan-91 Jen.94Jen97 JentOlan-03 Jan-06J anO9Jan12 
150 
100 
-50 
-100 
-160 
Figure 6: while net debt inflows have started 
moderating from record highs. 
125 
-contemn Fbws £bmee 
Fosorgn Infbwi 
100 i 
—Net 
Debt Fbws 
-25 
-so 
Jen-91 Jan94Jan97 JanaJen03 J an% JanCOJan12 
S.•fiC/1 Ce 
Pern•A 
in)01,..re 
126 
100 
-26 
-50 
-75 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 21 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104609 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250793 
EFTA01449271

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449272.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Japan (JPY trillion) 
Figure 1: The negative basic balance has been 
accelerating recently... 
- 
- 
L I
• 
' 
B••Ie Ina 
12M sum 
USOPPf (sighs "Dab, Numb:9 
JirP91 Jan-94 Jone7 Jinx Jant0 Jen-08 Jon 
Jan-12 
:COW. C4/ {-% D.... . 
CO 
100 
110 
120 
130 
140 
150 
160 
Figure 3: Net capital inflows have turned negative 
-10 
•20 
MO. *Ln 
—Net 671.411,
—Net 00006 HMS Flows 
Na More/ MAW Howe 
-40 
—Net CaptelFbut 
97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 II 12 
Shkv• Daft Swag* my MC': 
Figure 2' 
as net FDI outflows gather momentum 
-2 
. 
—Wtfp 
Dag ines.snerri n .14444 by Feely** 
.14 
-Cosa 
mm Abend by A031d0111,1 
Jan-94 Jan.97 Jan.00 lar40 Jen-06 Jan-09 Jan-12 
Figure 4: Net bond outflows have accelerated 
IS 
101
-10 
- 
-5 
rrc air 
-30 
-26 
Foals n Mum 
.40 
Figure 5: Net equity flows have turned positive 
- 10 
-5 
- -5 
, -- Japan Fbvn 
.15 
-16 
Fosilso %bon 
• 
.20 
Not E QUI)! F bum 
-20 
98 99 00 01 02 03 OS 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 
ma urn 
Sm.r• OtsPs Armee, aus,MOr 
-5 
.8 
-5 
-10 
-16 
,20 
-26 
.30 J —Nei Bowls& Hobos Fbws 
98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 06 09 10 11 12 13 
Figure 6: While Net money-market inflows have fallen 
substc ntially 
-s 
-to 
-15 
-20 
98 99 00 01 W 03 04 06 OR 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 
Saco OBFl worn re PAV 
Pago 22 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104610 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250794 
EFTA01449272

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449273.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449273.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
United Kingdom (GBP bn) 
Figure 1: The basic balance remains negative 
100 - 
- 
.40 - 
-110 - 
-100 - 
—Besot Selene* 40 sum 
5R‘l.c."3 
,1 
)1( 
Figure 2: Net FDI inflows have turned course 
2.1 
150 
2.0 
100 
1.9 
LB 
1.6 
1.5 
1.4 
-250 - 
L 1.3 
Ma -91 Mar-94 Mar-97Mar-00Mat.C3N1ar.06Msr-09Mar-12 
Figure 3: Portfolio flows remain negative 
—Net Portia lb Nava 
CC  
Portfolio Outlbw 
300 
Portblo Infbw 
200 
100 
-100 
-200 
400 
300 
200 
100 
- .103 
200 
-300 
-300 
Mar-91 Mar-94 Mir.97Mar.CK/Mar.03 1,Asr.06Mar.09Mer-12 
Figure 5: Net holdings of equities 
1000 
700 
400 
100 
-200 
----Net U( Equity Hangs by Foreigners 
Equty IIP 
..... Net Foreign 
-500 
Ma -90Kkar-93 Mar-96Mar-996(tar-02 Mar-05Mar-C8 mar-11 
Sava DO Fa Armee, 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
120( 
900 
600 
330 
-300 
- 
C4 0 utf b ws 
Fp In,bsta 
150 
100 
SO 
SO 
-SO 
-10) 
j i 
.100 
-150 
450 
-203 
-200 
-260 
.260 
Me -91 Mar-94 Mar-97649-00Mar-03 Mar-06 Mer-09694612 
Figure 4: Net equity and net debt positions 
200 
100 
.100 
-200 
-300 
Net E au Iv 4 
—Net Debt lip 
400 
OBRUSCI Oa) 
Ma -90 Mar-93 Min-96 Mat-al KAU.02 Mar-05 Mir-09 Mar-11 
- 2.1 
- 2.t 
- 1.5 
- 1.7 
- 1.f 
- 
1.4 
- 1.3 
Figure 6: Net debt holdings 
(c: 
1130 
1100 
800 
600 
200 
.100 
1.1-4 
71-1.1 H I 
*at Duet P 
—Net Eapeign Wet HAdinob by the UK 
400 
Me .90 Mar-93 Mar-96 Mer-99 Mer-02 Mar-05 Mar-OS Mar-11 
1700 
1400 
1100 
850 
600 
200 
-100 
400 
Page 23 
CONFIDENTIAL— PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104611 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250795 
EFTA01449273

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449274.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 7: Net portfolio inflows have turned marginally 
positive... 
1000 
COO 
600 
400 
—Poreolo Cuebws 
—Portfolio InlOws 
Not Ps reo 
Fon: 
\
200 
-203 
'‘ 
"
1"‘
am -Lc" 
-000 
-800 
Jan-00 Jan02 Jan-04 Jan.06 J ana3 Jan:10 lan-12 
Sotece Deutz'', SW Ond Co. ..'
o
 Cate. Ow* 
Figure 8: ...as equity market inflows outpace the 
money market outflows 
1000 
360 
aat BOICIfind NOT° :boa 
360 
Ilat MM Fbws 
BCC 
300 
Pin Equip/ Eby., 
300 
600 
260 
260 
400 
200 
200 
200 
160 
160 
100 
100 
-70C 
4,30 
-60 
-SO 
-600 
-100 
-100 
-150 
-160 
Jan-03 
Jana 
Jan07 
JanO9 
Jan-11 
Jan-13 
Figure 9: Equity inflows have tracked the STOXX 
500 
400 
300 
200 
100 
-1C0 
.200 
300 
400 
a n-C3 
--Not EquefInnovel 
Nat Equiff Outfows 
Euro STCPX 50 Ws 
sr.05 
Jan07 
Jar.09 
Jan.11 
Sow. Deotpav be*. evortvg nu EwirAvo Cen'A NM 
J ins13 
4400 
4100 
3600 
3600 
3200 
2000 
2600 
2300 
2000 
1700 
Soma Na ti DerA enct Craer Cenvat Pe. 
Figure 10: Foreign interest on the bond side boomed 
in late 2006 and has slowed now 
650 
550 
450 
350 
260 
160 
.50 
-150 
-260 
-350 
460 
la i-03 
— 
Not Bone Parbws 
Not Bo • Outibwo 
—10Y 
Jan-05 
Jan-07 
Jan-09 
Jan11 
Jaral3 
5.0 
4.0 
3.0 
2.0 
1.0 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 25 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104613 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250797 
EFTA01449274

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449275.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank El 
Australia (AUD 
Figure 1: The basic balance remains positive... 
-10 
-30 
-60 
-70 
-90 
Dec-90 
— 
ame Balance 4Q sum 
Dec-94 
Dec-98 
Cec-a2 Ds-06 
Dec-10 
tauva CV,  A Pwe.m.:t. vb.:ARA 
AUDNED (is) 
20 
. 1 10 
060 
Figure 2: 
as net FDI inflows continue to climb 
100 
-26 
—Not FDI 
FOICluelbws 
—F011nlaws 
100 
-26 
050 
-50 
.50 
Jan.91 Jan.94Jan.97 Jan.
 )8603 Jen.06 Jan.09 isn42 
Figure 3: Net Portfolio flows have been falling since 
2010 
200 
200 
Mot PortIolb 
160 
160 
Portfblo Outfbw 
120 
Portion) infbw 
120 
so 
so 
ao 
ao 
.40 
.40 
-BO 
-120 
-120 
Jan-91 Jan-94 Jarh-97 Jan-CO Jan03 Jan-06 Jan.00.18612 
544, Ce. 8& 
knesreelraliSA 
Figure 5: 
and to a lesser extent equities... 
450 
400 
350 
300 
260 
200 
150 
100 
Mar-90 
Not Equly Ltabilliss for AU 
Wt AVEquo, Ho Wings by Poorer; 
Wt Foson EbullY Minns OYArlf.1 0 
Mar-94 
Mar-95 
Mar-02 
Mar-06 
Mar-10 
:<w• 
zefx Poliata,th eOACh 
450 
400 
350 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
Figure 4: Foreign investors have favored Australian 
debt (negative IIP a liability for AU)... 
6O 
SO 
-150 
-260 
-360 
ASO 
-660 
Ma -90 
Wt (baby liP 
—ifio oat HP 
—AUWL050 frs1 
Mar-94 
Mar-98 Mart2 Mara Mar.10 
10 
090 
080 
070 
0m 
050 
Figure 6: ...with relatively modest purchases by 
Australians of foreign debt 
700 
600 -
600 
ECO • 
4110 -
3C0 
200 
100 
Mar-90 
—lint Debt Labiate; lot AU 
— 
No AU Clubt Hobbs* by Farr, 
Not Fain Ot bt Hobby, by Sus 
Mar-94 
Mar-98 
Mar-CO 
Mar-06 
Mir-10 
rfa nPerW" 
4e,  • A -,
601 
501 
401 
301 
201 
1C( 
Page 26 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104614 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250798 
EFTA01449275

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449276.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
New Zealand (NZD bn 
Figure 1: The basic balance 
0.8 
0.7 
0.4 
ShirYd oat FR Reno, .n Pe-
Figure 3: Net Portfolio inflows have switched to 
negative territory 
-5 
-10 
.15 
-20 
Ma -96 
--Not Bubb flows 
Podia, 0utlbw 
-Pottlob Inflaw 
Mar-99 
Mar-02 
Mar.05 
Mar-08 
Mar-11 
-5
-10 
-15 
Figure 2: FDI flows 
-6 
-10 
Ma .01 
Mar-CO 
Mar-05 
Mar.07 
Mar-09 Mar-11 
S'enVe 
rt Pew," 
-10 
Figure 4: Foreign appetite for government bonds 
Ala 91 Au, 94 Aug-97 stua 00 At0-O3 Ai4-06 Auj-09 
o 
001.0111TOM Do ads Hold by Foreigner, 
RIM Treasury Bib MU by Fototgritos 
—Shan hall by Fatten; ol Total 
Sac eor 
X Peter N 61FrAly, 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 27 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104615 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250799 
EFTA01449276

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449277.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Commodity Price and Currency Monitor 
Figure 6: CRB Commodity Prices and components 
1300 
1100 
900 
700 
600 
300 
100 
Jan92 
ncn rid,5nal 
- 
fitnnla 
••••••1.5/08 
•••••L 
bct rd scadtcts.Itha 
Fats and Ol UMW 
—
CRBComrrea6175 112 
Jan04 
Jesa06 
Jane(' 
Jan-10 
Ja612 
200 
I OD 
Figure 3: Precious metals 
2000 
1500 
1000 
500 
Jain 02 
Jan04 
Jane 
Jana, 
Jan-ID 
Jan- I2 
- 
cam irica (631/1,0‘. ad 
Firaeaten Plea Ilnany *a 
—
Rawson Pace II/Dorsal 
—
Saoa lace IS/76/voil.tnel 
Pip 
Source OtJt$C.,0 SM. 
<I 
Figure 5: Commodity Currencies and Prices 
110 
095 
aeo 
063 
060 
0.33 
—
AWNS() 
---CACWSD 
—
CRB Ms/ 
88 90 92 94 96 9d 00 02 
OS 
10 
550 
500 
450 
400 
350 
250 
200 
Figure 2: Energy prices 
— 
(NarcenATTI. SA* rall 
160 
Natural Gas mternrnNut (Ow 
140 
120 
100 
• 
- 
• 
sft.
a 
J n- Jan- Jan- Jan- Jan- Jan- Jan Jan- Jan- Jan- Jan- Jan 
II 
Figure 4: Industrial metals 
10000 • 
8000 
ISCOO 
4000 
2000 
Jena: 
Pf co r m•vc Tr'. 
r
.
I'm.--
y1/4, 
Sauna Daucada 
&COO 
9X00 
40000 
Z.,CCOO 
:CCOO 
Figure 6. The dollar cycle and global growth cycle 
0.15 
0.10 
0.05 
0.00 
-0.05 
-0.10 
-0.15 
% 
Correteeon over entre serape- -0.07 
Ccaelation from May 2000 
-0.01 
4.2 
4.3 
4.4 
4.5 
4.6 
4.7 
4.8 
4.9 
Jan
-81 Jan-85 Jan-139 Jan-93 Jan-97 Jan-01 Jan-05Jan-09 Jan-13 
savor 0.545-ha go* wax 
Page 23 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104616 
SDNY_GM_00250800 
EFTA01449277

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449278.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank O 
Figure 7: Nominal CRB and World IP Growth 
lb 
-6 
.10 
, t7.1 Jan-92 Jan-96 Jan-913 Jar701 Jan-04 Jen-01 Jan-10 18r1.13 
Figure 9: Long•run Relationship- Nominal CRB 
Ln 
TV 
co
Wartl 
ra:o 043 
6J fd•-v„ 
rsi 
Ase 
• 
; 
Iran 
TIN ttrrAICAll rm. 
4.8 
8 
Jan-86 Ja088 Jen-92 Jan-96 Jan-68 Jan-OI Jan-04 Jul-01 .0n-10 74013 
f‘44:4 0448746o. $44,
Figure 11: RBA Commodity Price Index (Nominal) and 
AUD/USD 
1 
-AUD 
noel 
if
R8.4 Correroomi Pero lnao ftbS) 
88 90 92 94 
98 03 02 04 06 013 
12 
Figure 8: Nominal CRB and the Dollar 
Ln 
6.3 
6.9 
6.7 
In 
420 
430 
440 
450 
460 
20 
6J  
Jan-86 Jan-89 Jan-92 Jan-96 Jan-Se Jan-01 Jan-04 Jan-07 Jan-10 Jan-13 
Figure 10: Long-run Relationship- Oil 
Figure 12: Long-run Relationship.AUD/USD 
175 
0.3 
150 
0.1 
125 
-0 1 
100 
-0 3 
-0 5 
-0.7 
Long Run Retabonaly 
• 
Long•run etastIc 
Ccolm0: 1111/ P1C0 0.4 
US GDP: -aas 
93 92 94 96 99 00 02 04 OS 08 10 12 
0.3 
0.1 
-0.1 
-0.3 
-0.5 
-0.7 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 29 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104617 
SDNY_GM_00250801 
EFTA01449278

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449279.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 13: ANZ Commodity Price Index (Nominal) and 
NZD/USD 
86 
0.80 
0.75 
0.70 
ens 
000 
065 
060 
046 
0.40 
0.36 
260 
200 
160 
100 
90 92 94 96 93 00 02 04 08 06 10 12 
Doo100.6Aw HAM 
Figure 15: BoC Commodity Price Index (Nominal) and 
CAD/USD 
10 
00 
000 
000 
070 
00 
—CAD 
It 
RAC Corrine oty 
Pilot INICX 
ft
lk o j 
88 90 92 04 
80 00 02 04 08 00 10 12 
- 000 
000 
700 
-0 10 
000 
SCO 
400 
430 
303 
Long- tun olestleltlec 
200 
Commcddy Vice 0 13 
,060 
GDP 1 32 
Figure 14: Long-run Relationship-NZD/USD 
0.2 
0.0 
-0.2 
-0.4 
-1.0 
92 
Seine Notre. Bet Ha". 
Figure 16: Long-run Relationship-CAD/USD 
010 
CAD 
LOKI flue Ile•a*Any 
Figure 17: BoC Non-Energy Commodity Price Index 
(Nominal) and CAD/USD 
t 
Elf 
0.20 
▪ ato 
▪ 0.00 
410 
Figure 18: BoC Energy Commodity Price Index 
(Nominal) and CAD/USD 
Oh 
h. 
800 
1.00 
04C 1100-E84417, Convnodity Pace Index 
100 
oas 
600 
095 
0.90 
0.90 
ass 
400 
0.85 
0.80 
0.80 
300 
0.76 
0.75 
0.70 
0.70 
200 
066 
006 
0.60 
100 
060 
68 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Sawa Deudow Sem irve-
C.A1). h. 
tioC roomy Commodity Pm* index 
88 90 92 94 98 96 00 02 04 05 08 10 
SOVV) COVISCP4 gie A . SiNt.
2100 
1830 
1100 
103 
Page 30 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104618 
SDNY_GM_00250802 
EFTA01449279

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449280.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 19: RBA Commodity Price (Nominal) 
160 • 
125 • 
100 • 
• 
RBA Commodity Price Index iNomirali 
OS 88 93 92 94 96 98 03 02 04 06 08 10 12 
S;Vie tevirche 92  tuner 
Figure 21: ANZ Commodity Price (Nominal) 
230- 
210 - 
190 -
170 
150 -
130 
110 
9) 
88 90 
Figure 20: RBA Commodity Price (Real) 
4.25 
375 
3.5 
326 
2.75 
2.5 
92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
135 88 
:-,••••••• C.••••••.e••• 
25 
75 
25 
75 
Figure 22: ANZ Commodity Price (Real) 
'NZ C 
(1 
nd 
4N rpm. . 
230 
210 
6 
Avenge 
193 
170 
150 
13) 
110 
94 96 98 03 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Figure 23: BoC Commodity Price (Nominal) 
1000 
800 
600 
400 
200 
BoC Commodtti 
Price index 
rtomnnt 
vs
1000 
800 
,>00 
400 
200 
88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
.9),XCP AMA?. Rae, Arno 
/4 
P 'elade 18046 
ugx 
0-ppia.429 
88 93 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 
08 10 12 
?cure Nurses 8n.. plat 
4,8 
4.6 
4.2 
Figure 24: BoC Commodity Price (Real) 
88 
BoC Commodity Pnce Index 
(Real/ 
Average 
— 
Linear trona,* 
-3E-05x +6.3235 
81.0.1719 
• 5.8 
• 6.6 
• 6.4 
• 6.2 
92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Soya. Cvt4roseStnt 
4.8 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 31 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104619 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250803 
EFTA01449280

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449281.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 25: BoC Non-Energy Commodity Price 
(Non inal) 
See 
450 
4C0 
350 
XO 
250 
2C0 
150 
1C0 
BoC Non- EnettnConlinatitiPlite Index 
Avolne 
727476788082641358893929495960002040608 10 12 
50) 
450 
400 
350 
300 
250 
2C0 
150 
100 
Figure 27: BoC Energy Commodity Price (Nominal) 
2500 
2500 
2000 
BoC Energy Conwnottay 
Me, 
2000 
Avenge 
1500 
v it" 
1500 
1000 
A ill 
•moo
500 
500 
id /6188082848688909294 969800020406061012 
Figure 29: Commodity Price Indices 
480 
430 
380 
330 
280 
230 
180 
130 
B6 
— 
- 
Con mas:My Ina 'minx itionanat 
'NI Commodity Rice WM PloinInail 
Ccamoolry Pram Index itton-tnaii 
JIM1986.1C0 
90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Same °Mir* Sr* .4 al,
530 
490 
430 
380 
330 
200 
230 
180 
130 
OD 
Figure 26: BoC Non- Energy Commodity Prices (Real) 
5/ 
Figu e 28: BoC Energy Commodity Price (Real) 
BoC Non- Energy Commodes 
Rice Index IRefl 
Avelope 
LinneatentlIne 
86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
5.1 
BoC En...fp/Commodity 
Pnce Index (Rea 
lalear Trend, 
5 
727474788092848488909294949803020404081012 
Figure 30: Ratio of Commodity Price Indices 
ol Ausliolea io
NIComo:IN Yore 
Inckles Normal) 
&MO of Canada to NZ 
Commodity Rice 
inctoes 'Normal) 
- 1 2 
T
T
. 
i
r
l
r 
i
i
i
r 
88 90 92 SI 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Pago 32 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104620 
SDNY_GM_00250804 
EFTA01449281

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449282.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank El 
Fig 7: Export volumes have remained below trend 
since 2001 
4.5 
Fig 8: Export volume deviations from trend 
strongly correlated with moving average of dollar 
valwtion 
L/507kvi Cw.tsina /ionise SO.., 
420 
winette0 
44o,Evoto.Otwor. 00017101010n0 
41S 
410 
006 
000 
005 
010 
016 
Conebion - -04) 
020 
Fig 9: A brief end to the dollar upsurge seems to 
have boosted export volume growth 
-20 
Jan-94 
Jan-98 
Jan-02 
Jan06 
Jan-10 
nacaSzteato bans to fuer 
4.30 
4.40 
4.50 
4.60 
4.70 
4.80 
Fig 11: Import price inflation has followed the 
dollar 
7
 \ V
 -ri
ll \ 
-10 
-15 
-20 
Jan-94 
Jan-98 
—1)54981104,marted0rts) 
•
Impolt Pic' 
I 
I 
In 
026 
020 
015 
010 
005 
000 
005 
10 
415 
420 
025 
Fig 10: The recent sharp increase in import price 
inflation has tapered off during the past few 
months 
• 
• 
5• 
-5 
-10 
-15 
-20 - 
Jana. 
—animaVolum 
Impoit Price 0h4) 
SONY LkeaStream Darrso`t 2.'* 
Jan-04 
Jan-08 
Jan-12 
.3 
-13 
-18 
Fig-12: Import volume growth has generally been 
highly correlated with US domestic demand 
growth 
-5 
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
Jan94 
•••••••b-nporlVolime 
US 'Piths) 
Jan-98 
Jan-02 
Detactewn. Daman Fri 
sonny OgoSat•on Deutsche 84,11 
Jan46 
Jan-10 
S 
-5 
-10 
-15 
Page 34 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104622 
SDNY_GM_00250806 
EFTA01449282

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449283.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank CI 
U.S Exports-Imports by Commodity 
Fig 16: U.S. Trade Balance Excluding China & 
US$ Lit • amps, 
U 
-5 
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
-35 
199.1 1995 1996 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Ann ual CUSS brc I Olnel 
Source' DataSteam 
-50 
-100 
.150 
-200 
-250 
-300 
-350 
403 
Fig 18: U.S. Trade Balance - Petroleum Products 
U 
.5
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
-30 
-35 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Seurte aStaStream 
Fig 17: U.S. Trade Balance — Advanced Technology 
11M11.1x4h1,405$ On I 
1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Sovece• DataSvea-n 
Fig 19: U.S. Trade Balance - Consumer Goods 
U 
-50 
-50 
-1C0 
-100 
-150 
-200 
-19D 
-250 
-300 
-20 
.250 
.350 
C
Morclnly IUSS ton c 
302. 
-400 
031119 
450 
Annual ViSS Vol Wee) 
350 
-500 
.35 
403 
Fig 20: U.S. Trade Balance - Capital Goods 
f/Orichly CUSS bn I tbarsi 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Source: Datatreem 
AnnualIt/SS Ian I Onel 
-10 
-20 
-30 
1961 1996 1996 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Source: DateStreem 
Fig 21: U.S. Trade Balance - Industrial Supplies 
-5 
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
Mon NN MSS bv 
-30 
(ben) 
-35 
Annual CUSS On. 1 line) 
-40 
-45 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
SOWN: DateSuarn 
-50 
-250 
300 
-350 
400 
450 
Page 36 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104624 
SDNY_GM_00250808 
EFTA01449283

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449284.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 0 
U.S. Bilateral Trade Balances by Country & Region 
Fig 24: U.S. Trade Balance with China 
-10 
-lb 
-20 
-25 
-30 
1994 1998 1996 
Moral* CAS 
lbarsl 
 Annual (USS bn 
line) 
2000 2002 2004 2006 20 
2010 2012 
Source: OataSeeem 
•103 
•150 
-200 
250 
-300 
Fig 26: U.S. Trade Balance with the Pacific Rim 
China and JaPian.
LOSS 58.1(bats) 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2032 2004 2036 2008 2010 2012 
Source: DataStreern 
AnnuallUSS0411164, 
-5 
-IS 
-25 
.35 
-45 
.55 
-65 
.75 
-85 
Fig 28: U.S. Trade Balance with Western Europe 
iMoilthlf WU On Meg 
-2 
.4 
-0 
-8 
-10 
-12 
-14 
1994 1996 1996 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Source: DeteStream 
Page 33 
Annual fuss on 
-20 
-40 
-CO 
-80 
-100 
-120 
-140 
Fig 25 . U.S. Trade Balance with Japan 
Sow Co IlareSt nom 
Fig 27: U.S. Trade Balance with OPEC 
-120 
-160 
-200 
Source: DataStreem 
Fig 29: U.S. Trade Balance with Canada 
-2 
-e 
-e 
-10 
Monthly SISSbn.1 
lbars1 
-10 
-20 
-30 
-40 
-60 
-60 
Annually% bn 
-80 
One) 
-12 
-90 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2009 2010 2012 
Source: DereStreem 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104626 
SDNY_GM_00250810 
EFTA01449284

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449285.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Fig 30: U.S. Trade Balance with Mexico 
-2 
-4 
-5 
-e, 
-7 
•8
MonlMV NU nn ..! 
-nnual1U9Ibn10801 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Source. DaraStream 
-10 
-20 
-1 
-2 
-50 
-3 
-70 
-5 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 
Fig 31: U.S. Trade Balance with Latin America 
ttttttttt~Monlnit IUSS bn 
tars) 
Anew/6110n WI 1111701 
U.S Current-Account Balance Monitor 
Source DateStream 
2036 2036 2010 2012 
-10 
-20 
-30 
.40 
-50 
Fig 1: U.S. Current-Account Balance 
Fig 2: U.S. Savings and Investment 
Prt‘ ate & Gove•nrror1 Sector Savnir..Inveslment,
-1.0 
-3.0 
-5 0 
-10 
-30 
-50 
-70 a 
L -70 
Ma -01 Mar-85 Mar49 Mar-93 Mar-97 Mar-01 Ma005 Mar-09 Ma •13 
Source: DreaStrearn 
L././ tSccan8abnaa 
1200 
6C0 
400 
4203 
1200 
COO 
400 
4200 
-1930 I 
L -1803 
Ma -81 Mar-85 Mar49 Mar-93 Mar-97 Mar-01 Mar-05 Mar-09 Ma -13 
Source: DetaStreern 
Fig 3: U.S. Current-Account Balance (last 13 quarters) (USS Billions) 
200904 200901 201002 201003 201004 201001 201102 201103 201104 201101 201202 201203 2012 
Balance on Goods 
.128.9 
-143.3 
-1525 
-164.6 
-166.9 
-161.1 
-181.4 
-187.2 
-1806 
-189.3 
-194.3 
-185.7 
Balance on Services 
31.4 
34.8 
34.6 
37.0 
37.7 
41.1 
44.1 
45.6 
45.8 
43.0 
45.9 
48.3 
Salon Goods & Services 
-97.4 
-1085 
-118.0 
-127.7 
-129.1 
-120.0 
-137.2 
-141.5 
-134.8 
-146.3 
-1484 
-137.4 
Investment Income 
34.7 
38.1 
41.6 
47.7 
47.8 
46.8 
52.5 
56.2 
585 
59.9 
47.4 
52.1 
untater al Translate 
-32.9 
-30.3 
-34.7 
-31.7 
-33.2 
-31.5 
-35.2 
-33.8 
31.8 
-32.2 
32.7 
-32.7 
Sal on Curie/it Account 
-95.7 
-100.7 
-111.0 
-111.7 
-1146 
-104.7 
-120.0 
-1191 
-108.2 
-118.7 
-1336 
-118.1 
lannuakted, es % of GOP) 
-2.7% 
-2.9% 
-3.1% 
-3.1% 
-3.1% 
-2.8% 
-3.2% 
-37% 
-2.9% 
-3.1% 
-3.5% 
-3.0% 
Source: DataStstram 
-173.9 
49.4 
-124.5 
50.8 
-33.8 
-107.5 
-2.7% 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 39 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104627 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250811 
EFTA01449285

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449286.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Fig 4 U.S. Current-Account Balance (1998-2010) (USS 
1999 
2000 
2001 
2002 
2003 
2000 
2006 
2006 
2007 
2006 
2009 
2010 
2011 
Balance on Goods 
Balance on Services 
•336.2 
-445.8 
-421.3 
73.0 
69.0 
59.5 
-4745 
-5404 
-663.5 
-780.7 
-835.7 
-818.9 
-830.1 
-505.9 
-645.9 
-738.3 
1 
49.4 
58.2 
72.1 
82.4 
122.2 
131.8 
124.6 
145.8 
178 3 
Bel on Goods & Services 
Investment Income 
Unilateral Transfers 
-263.2 
11.9 
-50.4 
376.8 
19.2 
-58.8 
-361 
29.7 
-64.6 
-4174 
252 
-65.0 
-4910 
43.7 
-71.8 
-605 4 
65.1 
-88.2 
-708.6 
686 
-105.7 
-753.3 
44.2 
-91.5 
696.7 
101.5 
-115.1 
-698.3 
147.1 
-125.9 
-381.3 
128.0 
-123.3 
-5000 
165.2 
-136.1 
-560 0 
221.1 
-134.6 
Bel on Current Account 
lannuafized, as % of GDP) 
-301.7 
-416.3 
-396.6 
-3.2% 
-4.2% 
-3.9% 
457.2 
-519.1 
-628.5 
-745.8 
-800.6 
-710.3 
-677.1 
-376.6 
-470.9 
-473.4 
-4.3% 
-4.7% 
-5.3% 
-5.9% 
-6.0% 
-5.1% 
-4.7% 
-2.7% 
-3.2% 
-3.1% 
Fig 5: U.S. Savings-Investment & Net Foreign Investment (1998.2010) (USS Billions) 
1999 
2000 
2001 
2002 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
Private Savings 
Private Investment 
Private-Sector Balance 
1380.2 
1641.5 
-261.3 
1376.2 
1772.2 
-396.0 
1466.5 
1661.9 
-195.4 
1656.8 
1646.9 
9.9 
1749.7 
1729.7 
20.0 
1894.6 
1968.5 
-73.9 
1925 4 
2172.3 
-246.9 
2079.5 
2327.1 
-247.6 
1989.3 
2295.2 
-305 9 
2282.7 
2087.6 
195.1 
2569.6 
1546.8 
1022.8 
2785.4 
1795.1 
990 3 
2860.6 
1916.3 
944.3 
Gov't Savings 
Gov't Investment 
Gov't-Sector Balance 
327.8 
287.4 
40.4 
423.9 
304.3 
119.6 
229.2 
322.0 
-92.8 
-95.9 
343.5 
-439.4 
-197.1 
355.8 
-552.9 
-155.9 
372.3 
-528.2 
-6.5 
392.0 
.398.5 
1165 
425.1 
-3086 
58.3 
456.4 
-398.1 
-374.5 
497.2 
-871.7 
-972.2 
-964.9 
-896.3 
505 4 
505.3 
483.2 
•1477.6 -1470.2 -1379.5 
Gross Savings 
Gross Investment 
Savings-Investment
1708.0 
1928.8 
-220.8 
1800.2 
2076 5 
-276.3 
1695.7 
1984.0 
-288.3 
Statistical Discrepancy 
-71 1 
-134.0 
-103.3 
Net Foreign Investment 
-291.9 
-410.4 
-391.6 
Source OeteStreen 
1560.9 
1990.4 
429.5 
1552.6 
2085.4 
-532.8 
1738.7 
2340.9 
-602.2 
1918.9 
2564.3 
-645.4 
2196.0 
2752 2 
-556.2 
2047.7 
2751.7 
-704.0 
1966.2 
2584.7 
-676.5 
1597.3 
2052.2 
454.9 
1820.4 
2300.4 
-480 0 
1964.3 
2399.5 
-435.2 
-22. 1 
16.6 
-22.3 
-95.1 
-242.3 
-120 
-2.4 
77.4 
8 
-47.9 
-451.6 
-516.1 
-624.6 
-740.5 
-7984 
-716 0 
-679.0 
-377.4 
-479 2 
-483.1 
Page 40 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250812 
DB-SDNY-0 104628 
EFTA01449286

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449287.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Central Bank Reserves Currency Composition Monitor 
Figure 1: Official FX reserves have quadrupled reflecting 
primarily the growth of EM holdings 
12000 
14000 
0000 - 
6000 . 
4.000 
2000 
—TaslfXRa erne 
MMIX An inn 
EMFX Resent! 
U5DEla 
6.030 
4033 
Figure 2: Mature market (MM) reserves have grown only 
modestly reflecting valuation & interest 
4000 
3500 
3000 
293) 
2003 
1503 
103) 
2.000 
500 
1999 2000 2002 2003 20092006 2008 2009 2011 20 2 
San. FRB. Catas BEA 08 aboad &Wear; Flasarce 
Figure 3: Many countries report the currency 
composition of reserves to the IMF, which publishes 
them in aggregate form 
12.000 
10000 
5010 
SCCO 
4003 
ZOCO 
USOITIn 
—Total Fa lfil Eanvpa HUM'S 
Mbfflifd ROAM) 
— - tkillOceOf NOON, f 
• 
1999 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 20 2 
CO 
Son CO L% NI. CS IX at Meth 
Figure 5: ...while about half of emerging markets 
report the currency composition of their reserves 
4000 
6,000 
4.003 
2.002 
USD On 
FX ROWS, 
 EM efocald Mfrs 
—CM Unwed Rahn 
5.003 
5000 
4000 
2.000 
- 
99 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 2012 
O1 
CO 
Cl 
CO 
Sane CO.R 1W CB 
AtaWn 
USD Bn 
—towline wesompo 
Japans Rona 
- 
Non J•parf Rrfms 
40:0 
3600 
31333 
21500 
NCO 
1800 
1000 
600 
99 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 20 2 
O1 
O3 
O1 
Soot...) FRS (atm ,. BEA Oa 01.1.4( M»aro ff.V...och 
Figure 4: The advanced countries (MM) all report 
the composition of reserves to the IMF... 
4000 
3.600 
3.003 
2.500 
2.030 
1,500 
JACO 
600 
USOSn 
4000 
3000 
3.00) 
2.500 
ZOCO 
1.500 
1.600 
603 
1999 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 2012 
Savor COFER NFR. 08 ft Re GOCJI 
Figure 6: The currency composition of (114 reporting 
countries) total FX reserves: levels 
430 
3.500 
3.033 
2.500 
2.033 
1003 
1.030 
500 
1999 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 20 2 
—• US 001•11. 
_EOM) 
— non. 
— 
inn Fran 
OthotOunonows 
.1 COO 
3.800 
3003 
2.500 
2000 
1,103 
1.000 
500 
2.,:t 
COT.% OW' 08 ri .14'4.01 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 41 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104629 
SDNY_GM_00250813 
EFTA01449287

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449288.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank El 
Figure 13: In EM, the main driver of reserve growth has 
been intervention (in USD bn) 
2700 
2300 
1900 
1500 
1103 
700 
303 
Total rum* m EM wwr.ut lows, <9i5 
total quirMy Omni. 
—Total yoluabn dims* 
2703 
3300 
1900 
1500 
1100 
700 
300 
-10) 
-100 
1999 2001 2002 2004 2005 2007 2008 2010 2011 
Swes CO A ' ,elem.,
Figure 15: First active diversification, then leaning 
against the wind 
- 
-5 - 
Diventilloben 
Ca100e a EIJILMO is in 41 
Leaning 
against the 
nd 
...
.Etefr Mao a ma paiman - EUR shasol apa. OM,* 
210)02 24
 20MCU 20a On MOW 
loCti ea tenet 
Scam CO RR IMF. 
-225 
-175 
-125 
-75 
-25 
125 
Figure 14: In EM, the dollar share fell steadily during 
2002-04 then stabilized 
to 
so 
S 
US eleiss 
Eons 
—
Yen 
—
9607e 
— 
Deb, Frain 
---0001CUINneen 
99 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 2012 
Scumm COS 0,1,  0 15 away,. 
Figure 16: China has steadily diversified away from USD 
since 2004 (our estimates) 
us: en 
-
ID
I0
011150 m CIMfa 
000
5°0 
2500 
- 2000 
19:4
I 000 
• 
5.5590 Olt-9910.0l 0002 tuned Ote-03 .007 Oec.08 -un-10 00 I I i5n• I2 
:mace OS trexanefXRannen, 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 43 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104631 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250815 
EFTA01449288

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449289.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
Additional information available upon request 
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on a security mentioned in this report, please see 
the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at 
com.ae•:disclosure:DisclosureDirectorv.edsr.
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, the 
undersigned lead analysts) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in 
this report. Bilal Hafeez 
CreditBuy ("C-B"): The total return of the Reference 
Credit Instrument (bond or CDS) is expected to 
outperform the credit spread of bonds CDS of other 
issuers operating in similar sectors or rating categories 
over the next six months. 
CreditHold ("C-H"): The credit spread of the 
Reference Credit Instrument (bond or CDS) is expected 
to perform in line with the credit spread of bonds / CDS 
of other issuers operating in similar sectors or rating 
categories over the next six months. 
CreclitSell ("CS"): The credit spread of the Reference 
Credit Instrument (bond or CDS) is expected to 
underperform the credit spread of bonds / CDS of other 
issuers operating in similar sectors or rating categories 
over the next six months. 
CreditNoRec ("C-NR"): We have not assigned a 
recommendation to this issuer. Any references to 
valuation are based on an issuer's credit rating. 
Reference Credit Instrument ("RCI"): The Reference 
Credit Instrument for each issuer is selected by the 
analyst as the most appropriate valuation benchmark 
(whether bonds or Credit Default Swaps) and is detailed 
in this report. Recommendations on other credit 
instruments of an issuer may differ from the 
recommendation on the Reference Credit Instrument 
based on an assessment of value relative to the 
Reference Credit Instrument which might take into 
account other factors such as differing covenant 
language, coupon steps, liquidity and maturity. The 
Reference Credit Instrument is subject to change, at the 
discretion of the analyst. 
Page 44 
Deutsche Bank AGkonclon 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104632 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250816 
EFTA01449289

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449290.pdf
----------------------------------------
David Folkerts-Landau 
Managing Director 
Global Head of Research 
Marcel Cassard 
Global Head 
CB&S Research 
Ralf Hoffmann & Bernhard Speyer 
Co-Heads 
O8 Research 
Guy Ashton 
Chief Operating Officer 
Research 
Richard Smith 
Aewiate Director 
Equity Research 
Asia-Pacific 
Germany 
Americas 
Fergus Lynch 
Regional Head 
Andreas Neubauer 
Regional Head 
Steve Pollard 
Regional Head 
Principal Locations 
Deutsche Bank AG 
London 
Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2EO 
Tel: 144120 7646 8000 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Frankfurt 
Grolier Gallusstraes 10-14 
60272 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Tel: 149) 69 910 00 
Deutsche Bank Dubai 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
The Gate. West Wng. Level 3 
P.O. Box 504902 
Dubai City 
Tel': 19711 4 3611 700 
Deutsche Bank AG 
New York 
Wee Street 
New York. 1W 10005 
United States of America 
Tel: Ill 212 250-2500 
Deutsche Bank Ltd. 
Aurora business park 
bld 2 Sulovnicheskaya street 
Moscow, 115035 
Russia 
Tel 171495 797.6000 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Hong Kong 
Fdiale Hongkong 
Intl. Commerce Centre 
Austin Road West Kowloon, 
Hong Kong 
tet 18521 2203 8888 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Singapore 
One Raffles Quay 
South Tower 
Singapore 048583 
Tel: 165)6423 8001 
Deutsche Securities Inc. 
Japan 
2-11-1 Nagatacho 
Sanno Park Tower 
Chwoda-ku. Tokyo 1006171 
Tel 181) 3 6156 6770 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Australia 
Deutsche Bank Place, Level 16 
Corner of Hinter & Fhillip Streets 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Tel:1611 2 8268 1234 
Public/don Address: 
Deutsche Bank AG 
London 
Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2EO 
Tel: 1441 20 7545 8000 
Internet 
httP,figmr.dbccen 
Ask your usual contact for a 
usemarne and password. 
Global Disclaimer 
~Anal 
end Oranals n va Neal en gaped lot C4ulan. Ca AG a n 
of of ainae rodinvoy 'Onice Beni lbe ~ration 
rive 4 noel 
to ta bitable ani rot ban Main an NO< ~ad 
bdonal lo M relate Owen En ~Bs no rarewean al late 
Warn r annasrac• ol can Banda, 
Data,» Sam 
Olanneurtka 
ItateallOra Ona ~day 
taco. °Cann Invitee 
bitanehbet yea Me vat. tabxnn tht rowacn 
Wort In ~urn 
«On ~01 D•44,4. Bank. rocking Mal &AO rad uly$ ton. Ina tab» • WIW In« It betandial M1m em ana, a Ilia 
~4h 
tivCri 
CWA".•%"1" , • 4 
PriCh0.4 " 0.4 ele ~Be 
cna ~et 
td In* Bin 
as al lairahly a thy Niel nay AO Mt ~sin. 
Wiwi to »ran 
a Øt.<14 eme as s» ASSa 
n‘grt ertnn na40 Nan* 
Bant nraCtagen 
to ONICOO. Malty a Bear4 th.i 
ate or 10 alnene nahlr be oar. Weal tiny Batt TOM asv ~AB. land 
or Bane sal Bab ben. aårGAS a irensagy tarare 
!inward. Nei re FalY4tY 0l banal ing rara Cc We tatial W &WV. woos 4C44'..4 This niC.011 e ~fa 
alaindori pane 
Cay It 
.1 not at on. a • *aeon ol a, any to byr a AO titt &aye nstrtrini a it 00~ 
In an Blake BON Babn  1ø4u ne
 tnt 
hancy rnano and a nail 
C. MO ~MI ~ye 
romp 44.”6444.1,~ of., tan n* ov en la ta ~tan 
fet all deli 
Pari Keens n low. eglitø IntereBle GAF,  GOF lell  *ewe 
• a.arG te ..~Any I) %Arian taAnpo nta, can to ralla end Oa rØ 
to dew iniatei 
aTe «NA a Oflefit 
IMYM MUM] Or MRMOµ Irwin inn 
'Lonna *OM ad Nan «Onaa, can 
ad rOBASOry Yeti. Bryn a away hed Ind neat 
<Ne.ga n r«.441 raa 
KA fray Co utlya to 04.0Alon &Bean« 
epotal annl catroL an,' con nastier area 
try ea of ga. cuaylOy ctrl) naooand 
it me OBIroWns41~.114•••11~4 tMCt Vh4h; nabr4 Ban ~Omer& e ra nneet.k 
new/sot baton:4am Cann Bet May valn ParaXt le ~nix 
oetwi ty tho toad. al to or tAhr html
I
 cattlemen et nob* bad iird 
«Odle inc rlail a bracing TO Inn On • grartillar birth 
We anat. 
~new 
ormeady al meant. 
tliald as ~Ca.] thanil fM 0441“ 1. lair  **uy *** Venn ?An Antala•al in 
IN US Ito noart 4 Wand 9.44-2 dalanial by Oaten* Ban SOCUrOS 1St • ntnONa 0** /ME ila DASD. UFA Aid SiPC in Gwen to 
ton 4 came] nor tareann 
FA Doane~ 
AG Fraffilin a/Morn to Lite BLFn in ta. lbt.of Blygoornnt real c nose 
en 
afoinktreld by Dann 
Bank AG I al.& 
o ~eta 
of in• Lutist RC* Fide?. ltd ~tad 
by ire ~BS 
Semen An" 
la ta 
angst a runnel 
hands at Lit Lk re elan! 
Or Be &F.. Tat mot t aratnal n I-Kno Kong by Goan* Bent AG. Had Karp 
Lae by ~in 
Cana 
tya. Co IAC N001 4 aanbawl n Snait 
ay Nano 
BBB AG &axon, Bran or Doane 
Bane 
Ala Llmai. Snood. Bran ea went. 
a SAX/an a tNi regat trett COW.Ct Ø...14Chi Bait AG, 5491444 etarCri Oe NaLCCI40 
SIKS".4 AS. 1",44  s1Ø 
Branch n en. 
O ay Aldan nag torn 4 in cannon Mn.MI lam 
Wnea tral nla• h natya 
~Ad 
n Snare in ~ear" 
c na irk ~03 
innaGlar {opelt new 
ce rata~ 
Areaa iw dator Int. a..44calVo Sww{tta 
b.% ril~~. 
Bann 
eve AG. 5~ 
Pond, a DAJAA.A S•X‘WAI s•ylimeel. Sascon. Barn Azar& ØI retwg4414y 
tNUre4 MO <0~11.4 el thA ...oat le Jan tnt real 
~Mal 
erd4r Stu' bukcl 
COdiala Sawn 
kw TOO Inbnytn, newel 
ha le 
roan On not «awn* Bo neon 
helmet inn 
in &VMS) Itt•d still 
tneAU ~non 
of • NOMI Blyea 
SUarronr 
1•10Crp CO " 
InArc“1 teel 
%%Ind CO 
sea ran va W44Ø 11.4 PC'S LCAVO ~NO am 14:14 Oh &VIA *442*/ to WA." the pittCl 
Deatd10 el•tk 4/3 X4W4110..19 11 4COCeill•d Pi Ile row./ Antic 
0, Darn 
Wad', fine 
'Ann 
n &An Aln 
IMO0215XIOCI 
Add bans eretrAwn a&h.to twee 
ate inawel feaSac 04 Attars Or.:iarently: twaseeta4.4me~ 
BY: tan (nay ta to
a4ANIKKI ai Vpuala panel DI My en 
la ery pitoraerai 
Puns 
Brit's arianeihn meth Pew aa *ova ate Berg 
Capplublettd) Delatfialw IlladiA0 
GRCM2013PROD028390 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250818 
DB-SDNY-0104634 
EFTA01449290

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449291.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Markets Research 
United States 
Periodical 
US Equity Insights 
reasons not to fear a 3%+ 10yr yield 
1600 should be good support even if 10yr treasury yields go a little over 3% 
As discussed last week, we are increasingly tolerant of higher treasury yields 
given the coincident climb in the euro and oil prices. Treasury yield 
normalization poses little threat to S&P EPS provided euro and oil prices prove 
resilient. Our view that the chief risk to EPS from higher yields is via FX and 
commodity prices is sometimes challenged by investors who see other threats 
to EPS from higher interest rates, such as interest expense, or threats to the 
S&P's valuation. This note gives a few reasons to discount these concerns. 
Interest expense is relatively small and likely overpowered by pension swings 
Net interest expense at S&P 500 non-financials is likely under S150bn in 2013, 
which after-tax is roughly $10 of EPS. Essentially all of the $2trn in net debt at 
non-financials is now long-term debt because cash is more than double short-
term debt and companies have been using more long-term debt in their debt 
mix. Usually 10-15% of long-term debt rolls over each year and much of it is 
still rolling to lower rates. But, if we assume that 15% of long-term debt rolls to 
a rate 100bp higher the hit to 2014 S&P EPS would be -$0.25. If we assume 
that the effective interest rate rises 200bp on all non-financial net debt the hit 
to S&P EPS is about $3, but if this occurs it would play out over several years. 
Pension expense at S&P non-financials is likely to fall more than an increase in 
borrowing costs as long-term yields rise, particularly through 2015. The 
improved pension funding we expect at 2013 end should provide a -$2 benefit 
to S&P EPS in 2014. If yields rise another 100bp at 2014 end it would eliminate 
deficits and provide another -$2 S&P EPS boost in 2015 (not in our estimates). 
Pension expense declines would likely stop at this point even if yields climbed 
higher because of likely shifts in pension asset allocations. This would cause 
some pension drag from lower ROA assumptions, but all considered lower 
pension expense should offset higher long-term borrowing rates. 
Financial earnings will likely benefit from higher treasury yields and eventually 
higher short-term interest rates. Thus, we see little threat to overall S&P EPS. 
A IS foiwaid PC wouldn't be threatened until 10vr yields were well over 4% 
Assuming a fair S&P 500 equity risk premium of 4% (historically 3-4%), it 
would likely require a 10yr treasury yield of -5% or a 10yr TIPS yield over 2% 
to threaten the fairness of a -'15 forward PE on normalized S&P EPS. However, 
such an increase in long-term interest rates would significantly amplify US 
fiscal risk. Thus, it is important that any such climb in yields be slow and over 
multiple years, while the deficit is further tamed and housing strengthened. 
Treasury yields now cooeed the dividend yield, but won't grovy like dividends 
Dividend yields like earnings yields represent real yields. Expected inflation 
must be added to these observed yields in order to compare them to nominal 
interest rates. The 10yr TIPS yield provides a comparable real interest rate, 
which at 0.75% suggests that EPS and DPS yields remain very attractive. The 
S&P's indicated dividend yield is 2.1% and we expect DPS growth to be -15% 
next year and at least 6% thereafter. This suggests an offered long-term 
nominal return on S&P ownership over 8% with the ability of that offered 
nominal return to adjust for inflation variations over the long term. 
August 2013 
Slr 1 
t 
Slrair ea 
Ju Wang 
Strategist 
S&P bta) Kir; l ..aimwt3 
Price 
1660 
Next 5%. move Uncertain 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
Year-end Target 
1675 
1850 
2000 
EPS 
5100 
$115 
$120 
Target P/E 
15.4x 
16.1x 
16.7x 
Current P/E 
15.2x 
14.4x 
13.8x 
DPS 
$36 
$40 
$45 
Sane' ONOCIPOSInt
Relabel IOC 1,11 I I (W1i dl 
Dale 
Good signals from yields. euro 
Aug 2013 
and oil 
S&P 500 Pensions: End of 
Jul 2013 
cycles? 
Multi-year path to PE expansion 
Jun 2013 
How do interest rates affect 
May 2013 
stocks? 
SLUG Data* Cant 
away Strategy Basket, 
Bloomberg 
Tic km 
Tech's Enduring Eight 
DBUSTECH 
Total Shareholder Return 
DBUSBEID I 
Stimulator 
Dividend Dark Horses 
DBUSDFCF 
China Cyclists 
DBUSCNCY
Sant Onscht Sent 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should 
be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should 
consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST 
CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MICA(P) 054104/2013. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104635 
SDNY_GM_00250819 
EFTA01449291

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449292.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 2013 
US Equity Insights 
reasons not to fear a 3%+ 10yr yield 
Interest expense is relatively small and likely overpowered by pension swings 
I
figure 1. S&P ex-financials net debt/market cap at 14% is considerably lower 
than historical levels 
70% 
r 70% 
■ 
0096 
5016 • 
50% 
40% 
k 40% 
30% 
30% 
20% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
0%
 Recession 
Met Debt/ Market Cap 
Sas Owlish* Sorg 
Figure 2: Share of long•tenn debt (>1ylat S&P ex. 
financials has increased to 25% from 75% in 2003 
80%-1 
E
X 
in 
P 
80% 
w'
85%  W
75% 
70% 
55% 
90% 
85% 
80% 
75% 
1.500 
70% 
85% 
0016 4 . 
• 
• - 
 .
.
.
.
.
.
.
. • . • 
60% 
g§ggreiii§§i1§§§rgiERI
"g g 
Recession 
cleW Total OMR 
Sara Dame.* Earl 
Figure 4: S&P ex-financial interest expense/sates at 1.5% 
is the lowest level since 1970 
100.000 
4.0% 
1403.000 
3.5% 
120000 
3.0% 
100.000 
r :np
2.5% 
50.000 
2.0% 
00.000 
40.000 
ga§g
gAggligiE
S
----- intent Expense -LTA Ma Wm) 
im est Ex pense/Sales (MO 
San Drustro Sant 
Page 2 
1.5% 
1.0% 
1.000 - 
.•-•" 
500 
o 
Cement Ott 
San' Drab& tett 
EPS hit from higher interest 
rates is likely to be very small 
end should be overpowered 
by pension swings. 
If we assume that 15% of the 
$2.8 trillion in long-term debt 
rolls to a rate 100bp higher 
the hit to 2014 S&P EPS 
would be -$0.25. 
Pension expense is likely to 
fall by more and a 100bps 
increase in long-term rates 
should eliminate pension 
deficits 
Figure 3: S&P ex-financial cash, current and long-term 
debt (S millions) 
3.000 - 
3.000 
2.500 4 
2.500 
2.000 1 
2.000 
1.500 
1,000 
500 
Long Tom Debt 
-- 
Cash 
Figure 5: 10-15 year IG corporate bond yield is up 100bp 
from 1O13 end but still below 2011 end. 
MIRNIAIIMILWAR 
—IC 
(10-15 years) Corporate 
— 
1Oy Teasuy 
Sane art al4nvu IlAvntiLytx, Drum A* eat 
100 
8.0 
4.0 
0.0 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104636 
SDNY_GM_00250820 
EFTA01449292

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449293.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 2013 
US Equity Insights 
Figure 6: S&P 500 trailing PE and implied equity risk premium: PE is now 
close to long-term historical average but ERP is still 200bps higher than its 
average of 390bps. 
OverstatedEl:Shorn 
inflationdistothons 
ri 
grtigRginiii§EFEAm
.
LTM RE LW 
Sant se FRA Drada Br* 
— Inv( odERP trhs • 
—AvgPE -15 9 
Treasury yields now exceed the dividend yield. but dividends should grow 
double.digit for the next tew years as the payout ratio rises from :33% now. 
Dividend yields like earnings yields represent real yields. Expected inflation 
must be added to these observed yields in order to compare them to nominal 
interest rates. The 10yr TIPS yield provides a comparable real interest rate, 
which at 0.75% suggests that EPS and DPS yields remain very attractive. The 
S&P's indicated dividend yield is 2.1°/0 and we expect long-term DPS growth to 
be -15% next year with at least 6% growth thereafter. This suggests an 
offered long-term nominal return on S&P ownership over 8% with the ability of 
that offered nominal return to adjust for inflation variations over the long term. 
['Figure 7: S&P Dividend yield. I 0yr Tsy and TIPS yield 
16% / 
16% 
14% 
14% 
12% 
12% 
10% 
10% 
8% 
8% 
6% I 
8% 
4% 
4% 
-10% • 
2% 
014 
Y 
••
.63 
0% 
-2% 
§MAI
r:2
S&P Divulencl Yield 
 10f r TIPS yield 
San .5 rif: MA Dwarfs BUM 
L 
— 
10,u Treasury Yield 
Deutsche Bank S00010100 Inc. 
A —15 forward PE wouldn't 
be threatened until 10yr 
yields we well over 4% or 
10yr TIPS exceed 2% 
(Figure 8: S&P 500 dividend growth (yfy 
chg) 
25% 
20% .1 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% f 
25% • 
g g 
O1 
CO 
I,- 1,- 
O1 
Recession 
•••••Trairrig 4-car DPS growth (yhr % Chr2) 
Sans SSA Doureetro awe 
Page 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104637 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250821 
EFTA01449293

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449294.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 2013 
US Equity Insights 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
Additional information available upon request 
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this 
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our 
website at btfithgm.db.com/nerklisclosure/DisclosureDirectorv.easr 
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, 
the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation 
or view in this report. David Bianco/Priya Hariani/Ju Wang 
Equity rating key 
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total 
share-holder return (TSR = percentage change in 
share price from current price to projected target price 
plus pro-jetted dividend yield ) , we recommend that 
investors buy the stock. 
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-
holder return, we recommend that investors sell the 
stock 
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months 
out and, based on this time horizon, do not 
recommend either a Buy or Sell. 
Notes: 
1. Newly issued research recommendations and 
target prices always supersede previously published 
research. 
2. Ratings definitions prior to 27 January, 2007 were: 
Buy: Expected total return (including dividends) 
of 10% or more over a 12-month period 
Hold: 
Expected 
total 
return 
(including 
dividends) between -10% and 10% over a 12-
month period 
Sell: Expected total return (including dividends) 
of -10% or worse over a 12-month period 
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationship:: 
000 
500 
acia 
300 
200 
100 
Buy 
Hold 
Soil
■Companies Covered ■Cos w/ Banking neleoonship 
North American Universe 
Pago 4 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104638 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250822 
EFTA01449294

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449295.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 2013 
US Equity Insights 
Regulatory Disclosures 
1. Important Additional Conflict Disclosures 
Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://gm.db.com/equities under the 
"Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing. 
2. Short-Term Trade Ideas 
Deutsche Bank equity research analysts sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas (known as SOLAR ideas) that are 
consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term ratings. These trade ideas can be found at the 
SOLAR link at http://gm.db.com. 
Country-Specific Disclosures 
Australia and New Zealand: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the 
meaning of the Australian Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively. 
Brazil: The views expressed above accurately reflect personal views of the authors about the subject company(ies) and 
its(their) securities, including in relation to Deutsche Bank. The compensation of the equity research analyst(s) is 
indirectly affected by revenues deriving from the business and financial transactions of Deutsche Bank. In cases where 
at least one Brazil based analyst (identified by a phone number starting with +55 country code) has taken part in the 
preparation of this research report, the Brazil based analyst whose name appears first assumes primary responsibility for 
its content from a Brazilian regulatory perspective and for its compliance with CVM Instruction # 483. 
EU 
countries: 
Disclosures 
relating 
to 
our 
obligations 
under 
MiFiD 
can 
found 
at 
hISPili.WWW,glObaknarlSelAidtt,COMiriSkdiSCIOSUreS. 
Japan: Disclosures under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law: Company name - Deutsche Securities Inc. 
Registration number - Registered as a financial instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau 
(Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, The Financial Futures 
Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association. Commissions and risks involved in stock transactions - for 
stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the transaction amount by the 
commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result of share price fluctuations 
and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from foreign exchange 
fluctuations. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating 
agencies in Japan unless "Japan" or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese 
listed companies not written by analysts of Deutsche Securities Inc. (DSI) are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts 
with the coverage companies specified by DSI. 
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, 
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104639 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250823 
EFTA01449295

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449296.pdf
----------------------------------------
David Folkerts-Landau 
Global Head of Research 
Marcel Cassard 
Global Head 
CB&S Research 
Ralf Hoffmann & Bernhard Speyer 
Co Heads 
DR Research 
Guy Ashton 
Chief Operating Officer 
Research 
Richard Smith 
Associate Director 
Equity Research 
Fergus Lynch 
Regional Head 
International locations 
.. .. 
Andreas Neubauer 
Regional Head 
North America 
Steve Pollard 
Regional Head 
Deutsche Cant. AG 
Deutsche Bank AG 
0i10t
 if lint* ;AC 
Doors/ ho Socuriiim; 
Deutsche Bank Place 
Smile GallusstraCe 10-14 
Allele Hongkong 
2-11-1 Nagatacho 
Level 16 
03272 Frankfurt am Main 
International Commerce Centre. 
Sanno Park Tower 
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets 
Germany 
Austin Road West.Koviloon. 
Cluyodeku, Tokyo 1006171 
Sydney. NSW 2000 
Tel: (49)69 910 00 
Hong Kong 
Japan 
Australia 
Tel: 1852) 2203 8888 
Tel (8113 5156 6770 
Tel: 16112 8258 1234 
Cant Ara t 
OttkItth.titt 
Set' thhiet. 
Great Winchester Street 
Wall Street 
London EC2N 2EO 
New York. NY 10005 
United Kingdom 
United States of America 
Tel: 144120 7545 8000 
Tel: ( I1212 250 2500 
Global Disclaimer 
The elonnelen and spoons o the man wee prepared by DeAsee Berk AG a one s es elates ItaleCiastry Seesaw Senn The elonnalan Never a broad to be raleb* en! Ns been oedema frontage: 
forces beteg to be Sable Deutsche Bark make. no repementabon es to lie actors& or corroteenene Oa arch eformelon 
a uses, Boa may engage In monies trenwoons on • propretes tesa or other wee in • morrow enamel*, war the snow teen et Ms Meant report h. Sauna anon won Deiese• Bens. token. 
infeogivis end sets Ora nay take a vervain is encomium, Menne lean on Ta resareth report 
Opnans, comma and pepctean vs ma moon cortalee the Current 'Wrench] ce the ea or es ol ea date el IN report They do not necessary react sire opnons of Deutsche Bert and ire SACO 10 change 
wrinout notice DeuroMe Berth has no obboot,n to ullatte. rroddy of amend Ina report or to orhavast NUN a moped Mame n et eon na fl  con en enrols 
MI ma re o 
nevem Menges or 
*abaci-soy becomes eacc urine Mhos and enables of thencial natnnwnts ee nature to donee anrout rotor The moon a provided tel reonnesoral peons orgy II is not an pier or • soactunion of en 
ono to buy or nor arty finesse inotrenents Or TO Pen &tete in am pa near vacua strategy Target pries ate elarently mpeetie and • product tee yr...thorn, letientart 
As • out of Deutsche Bent • hod. 20t0 sods on of BOIF.Benk AG.a focamy may be coated by /No then ore halal arth.n the DeArcro Bann &top Etch of doubts...0f% meg use &Pomo manodong•r 
to your he sconce 6$ a neat the reCOmtheaderhine trey defer and me ces• target and munWeW each may vary Odell 
In August DOCO, Nolan. Bens estetnecl a new way aleteby analysts may Choose MI Y sel or merman • lege pee of Ceneln Owen under (Overage wen 6 KM] rat oo In plelture, en al typically Oct& for 
slow Feted Mocks Nang a man* Cap Mal* then sort other corn/ernes n es isle, er region W. lasso ma such poky rat Pow us en nab bea ea of our reasoner Pleas vise our wean* 
lopapm Soo 
tO anemone Me NW Once Of any seek 
The f Nose entrummil decossal .n pµ Whet may re b futon* lot all moron end merlon must nuke INIX Oath unarmed eassiment Scone Stock ttanacu.vs on lend to Sine a • meat or ace 
lummox* end Me talon • • limns*, entrument a dimentlapted .n • corm& odor then en unman. °moo. • chenge in exchange Ma net echonery elect the tenteatillefa Past palormancir 4 
rear/tory 'Neon 
of %Ma routs defeat Bank mey ma raped to arcuate COthathei by the wool. el f0 or buy from customers on • ennead bathe and onsiOn Ms report n deep 
to twee on • 
POPIlettary babe 
Unless 0,mming ere PthesPeS OMerwes, 
lansandins sh)Jcl he eaCuted Overran the NOUN Bret entity in me sonlets Nene fuelditoOn ln the U S Td open n hirthetal *neat notated by Ceases 
Bank Secants% Inc. a member 
IN OSE the NASD. UFA and SPC In Gennthe On open a ropfored anctrar Communneed by Deutsche CNN AG Frordan mehontal or me Been in me United Kingdom UN 
men is ancree0 *NO Commoneared by Deutsche Beni AG tendon. • member Of esit ltarlen Stock Denescre and regarded by me Frankel Sone<as Authors" AY the Conduct Of wasiment bones% n the UK 
and is-Mowed by the Brio hen repel es defeated In Harp Kong by Deutsche Bens AG, Hein Kong Branch In Korea by Deusde Saunter Korea Co le.. theett a Ontrboted a Saga/ ore by Deasthe Bann AG, 
Sognsom Brenth or Ceutsche Stott es No Limo.. Sinosp>re Branch and telpher cf Stempore Of the repin are to Contact CVO sche Bert AG. Smgetere alfenCh v DeurtsCht Saunter Asa tree, &Neat, 
Branch n respect et aro maws rang floe% or rncon.dlon 'AIN T's ncofl 
Vale' inn renr. 
""" d 
tn n thantht n Singapore to • anon when we en actuated mentor. open Inthi$101 p Insbt.aranal 
'meg& las Gained in the alpine.* Stroteae laws and nroJelia& Oeulstne Beni AG, Sloane, Bremen Or °fatten Saunter Aso Limped. Sthpalient Brand,  SCOOPS urge reeparearlihr to soM petrel le De 
Contents of Ina felon. In Japan 
osort a roproyed andlor Ostributre by Deese, Secure*. ea The agent./ ten ettnehned n the Mthert bee not COntlethe the pronson of nvestment adace In Aintrals, 
Cleats Una, actin • CON of a Predrill Dadosee Sielommt (PDS) Margie err franca' pealutt Menai $0 n Ste ....on WA Combo' To P06 before ,sting any doCoOn obese veirther to thtlethe the Mao" 
Deutsche Bane AG Jean reiburg n nooponsted n Me Feder* Routh: of Germane IBraren Agate Inumbe di Seen ANN 10320)03201001CI AdOrtenel inlormeten ream to saunter. other Nance! geode's Or 
**um dawned in Mir repel rs antetie upon mount That mph, may the be tePthatIettd. ClUntaned of parkshed by any persOn he any pupae %WINO Deutsche NON our vegan genera Please tee source 
when %retro 
Cowrie. 22013 Poncho Bens AG 
GRCM2013PROD030O98 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104640 
SDNY_GM_00250824 
EFTA01449296

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449297.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104641 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250825 
EFTA01449297

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449298.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104642 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250826 
EFTA01449298

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449299.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104643 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250827 
EFTA01449299

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449300.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104645 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250829 
EFTA01449300

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449301.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104646 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250830 
EFTA01449301

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449302.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hi Tazia, 
If you could also please give me ideas of how collateral used for g-2o currencies (mostly vs 
usd for now) on fx options I would appreciate it, too. 
Thank you. 
Laurie 
On Mon, Sep 16, 2013 at 1:07 PM, Tazia Smith <tazia.smithedb.com> wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Apologies that I didn't have the Autobahn answers confirmed yet. Be back to you with clarification 
ASAP. 
Truly, 
Tazia 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Sank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. +1 (212)454-2889 
Fax +1 (646) 2574131 
Mobile +1 (917) 327-4107 
Email tazia smithedb corn 
Pascitrfr,-to- Peirdyni. 
From. 
Laurie Cameron ahetatradInglIcgbemall.com>
To. 
-Faze SmithebrdbcomCDBAMERICAS, 
Uate: 
09/16,2013 01:05 PM 
Subject: 
Re: STC (C] 
Hi Tazia 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104648 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250832 
EFTA01449302

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449303.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thank you very much for your time. I look forward to working with you. 
Laurie 
On Mon, Sep 16, 2013 at 12:42 PM, Tazia Smith O> 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Laurie - Yes, 2:30 should work, 2:45 would be even better (I've got a 2pm that should run 
30min). Or feel free to call me anytime now until 2pm. 
Kind Regards.
Tazia 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Secunties Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel +1 (212) 454-28-89 
Fax +1 (646) 257-3131 
Mobile +1 (917) 327-4107 
Email tazia smithAdb tom 
Pe.gsitin.ftr Petition. 
From 
Latrie Cameron 
To. 
Tazia Smith/dbidbconeDBAMERICAS, 
Date. 
09(16/201312:15 PM 
Subject: 
STC 
Hi Tazia, 
I hope that you are well. I would like to schedule a time to discuss dealing and your option 
trading system when you have a minute, please. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104649 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250833 
EFTA01449303

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449304.pdf
----------------------------------------
I wonder if you have time at 215 or 23o today to discuss this? 
Many thanks. 
Laurie 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104650 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00250834 
EFTA01449304

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449305.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank Research 
la 
India 
Indonesia 
Malaysia 
Economics 
Update 
Asia's currency laggards need policy 
clarity and some breathing room 
iNIL IDR, and klYli are under pressure, but some penipectiyu is warranted 
about their vulnerability metric's 
We take stock of the three Asian currencies that have depreciated the most 
since taper-related volatility began on May 22, namely the rupee, rupiah, and 
ringgit Despite the ongoing volatility and heightened level of concerns, our 
analysis shows that the currencies ought to be defensible. While vulnerability to 
outflows remains and the negative spillover from the recent sharp deprecation 
could be considerable, reserves cover is still ample and scope for orderly fiscal 
and external balance adjustment exists. There is policy room is restore stability in 
the currency markets in all three economies, provided measures are taken 
expeditiously, and with clarity and credibility. 
The rupee, rupiah, and ringgit have depreciated the most among Asian 
currencies since taper-related volatility began on May 22. While the focus has 
been on the rupee and the rupiah, concerns about the ringgit have also been 
rising. Below, we analyze the associated economies' vulnerability metrics. 
Date 
August 2013 
Taimyr WOO. Ph.D 
Chief Economist 
r(Depreciation against the USD since 
May 22 
00% 
India and Indonesia's stories are similar in that both economies have current 
-120% -. 
account deficits that are struggling to be financed under the prevailing market 
environment, and both economies have seen a number of policy measures this 
year (chronicled extensively by us in earlier publications) which have so far not 
yielded the desired result. Malaysia, running an external account surplus 
fin „p.
(although it is declining), is in a different camp. 
_.J 
'Current account balance (24 of GDP) 
6.0 
4.0 
2.0 
0.0 
-2.0 
-4.0 
-6.0 
India 
Indonesia 
Malaysia 
Sawa arc. 
On 
In 2012 ■2013F 
But India and Malaysia are similar in two areas. First, both economies have 
large budget deficits (5% and 4.2% of GDP, respectively) and public sector 
debt (68% and 67% of GDP), thus limiting the fiscal space for maneuverability 
in the face of financial market and economic difficulties. Second, both 
economies have sizeable short-term debt on a residual maturity basis that 
could face roll-over difficulties if global market unrest persists. 
roan rupee Irdonessin 
Malaysian 
nosh 
ringitt 
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong 
DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MICA(P) 054/04/2013. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104651 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250835 
EFTA01449305

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449306.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 2013 
Update: Asia's currency laggards need policy clarity and some breathing room 
contradictory. India carried out bond sales to tighten liquidity last month and 
then reversed its stance somewhat by doing open market sales this week. 
Indonesia has ostensibly tightened monetary policy by raising interest rates but 
simultaneously injected liquidity by doing USD-IDR swaps with banks. There is 
policy room is restore stability in the currency markets of all three economies, 
provided measures are taken expeditiously, and with clarity and credibility 
(Reserves in months of imports 
8.0 i 
7.0  
6.0
5.0 I 
4.0 I 
3.0 
2.0  
1.0 
0.0 
India 
Indonesia 
Malaysia 
Sant a  C DeUtiCh• Bfint 
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong 
Pago 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104653 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250837 
EFTA01449306

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449307.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 2013 
Update: Asia's currency laggards need policy clarity and some breathing room 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
Additional information available upon request 
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this 
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our 
website at htto://qm.db.corn/qeddisclosure/DisclosureDirectorv.ecisr 
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, 
the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation 
or view in this report. Taimur Beig 
Page 4 
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104654 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250838 
EFTA01449307

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449308.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Markets Research 
Global 
Foreign Exchange 
FX Spot 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
July 2013 
(diver I tarvetv 
Macro strategist 
1+44120 754-51947 
oliver.harvey@db.com 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MICA1P) 054/04/2013. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104657 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250841 
EFTA01449308

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449309.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Table Of Contents 
Currency Forecasts  
The Big Picture: 
FX and the Financial Transaction Tax  
Monitors: 
G10 FX Valuation Monitor: Lines in the sand  
Capital Flows and Basic Balances 
Commodity Price and Currency Monitor  
U.S. Trade Balance 
Central Bank Reserves Currency Composition Monitor   46 
Page 2 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104658 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250842 
EFTA01449309

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449310.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449310.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Currency Forecasts 
Industrialized Countries 
Currency 
US $ Exchange Rates 
Spot 
3M 
SM 12M 
U.S. 
DB USD Index 
Euro 
EURNSD 
1.33 1.26 1.20 1.18 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1.33 1.33 1.33 
Japan 
USD/JPY 
102 110 112 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 
U.K. 
GSPMSD 
1.53 1.47 1.41 1.40 
(Fwd. Rates) 
• 1.53 1.53 1.53 
Canada 
USD/CAD 
1.03 1.00 1.02 1.04 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 1.03 1.03 1.04 
Australia 
AUDAJSD 
0.92 0.98 0.98 0.95 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 0.91 0.91 0.90 
N2. 
NZD/USD 
0.80 0.80 0.80 0.77 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 0.80 0.79 0.78 
Switzerland USD/CHF 
0.93 0.99 1.04 1.06 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 0.93 0.93 0.93 
Euro Cross Rates 
Japan 
EUR/JPY 
130 129 132 132 
(Fwd. Rates) 
130 130 130 
U.K. 
EUR/GBP 
0.86 0.86 0.85 0.84 
(Fwd. Rates) 
0.86 0.86 0.87 
Switzerland EUR/CHF 
1.23 1.25 1.25 1.24 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 1.23 1.23 1.23 
Norway 
EUR/NOK 
7.86 7.35 7.25 7.15 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 7.88 7.91 7.97 
Sweden 
EUR/SEK 
8.58 8.25 8.05 8.00 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 8.60 8.62 8.66 
.beat' Oar" 
Moortaberp Thaw Lit DS /MOM 
Latin America 
Currency 
Spot 
3M 
6M i2M 
Argentina USD/ARS 
5.49 5.60 5.98 6.62 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 4.63 4.87 533 
Brazil 
USD/BRL 
2.26 2.12 2.15 2.17 
(Fwd. Rates) 
231 235 2.44 
Chile 
USD/CLP 
509 
505 502 
500 
(Fwd. Rates) 
516 521 531 
Colombia 
USD/COP 
1887 1910 1930 1950 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 1907 1924 1960 
Mexico 
USD/MXN 
12.7 12.6 12.1 11.9 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 12.8 12.9 13.1 
Snot Dainon, Rage; IlbenSerp Mtn Lem twee 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Asia 
Currency 
Spot 
3M 
6M 
12M 
China 
USD/CNY 
6.13 
6.13 
6.15 
6.07 
(Fwd. Rates) 
6.17 
6.20 
625 
Hong Kong USDA-IKD 
736 
7.77 
7.80 
7.80 
(Fwd. Rates) 
7.75 
7.75 
7.75 
India 
USDANR 
592 
57.0 
55.0 
55.0 
(Fwd. Rates) 
60.6 
61.8 
63.9 
Indonesia 
USDA0R 
10278 10500 10500 10000 
(Fwd. Rates) 
- 10723 11000 11412 
Malaysia 
USD/MYR 
3.24 
3.17 
3.15 
3.13 
(Fwd. Rates) 
• 
3.26 
3.27 
3.30 
Philippines 
USD/PHP 
433 
42.6 
42.3 
413 
(Fwd. Rates) 
43.3 
43.4 
43.6 
Singapore 
USD/SG D 
1.27 
1.27 
1.28 
1.30 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1.27 
1.27 
1.27 
South Korea USD/KRW 
1112 
1130 
1120 
1130 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1118 
1122 
1127 
Taiwan 
USD/1WD 
29.9 
30.0 
29.6 
29.7 
(Fwd. Rates) 
29.9 
29.8 
29.7 
Thailand 
USD/THB 
31.1 
30.5 
30.0 
30.0 
(Fwd. Rates) 
313 
31.4 
31.7 
San CISISOM Rosen Soombeep ',Moat": De AVOONO 
!Emerging Europe 
Currency 
Spot 
3M 
OM 
2M 
Czech Rep. EUR/CZK 
25.9 
25.8 
25.6 
253 
(Fwd. Rates) 
25.9 
25.8 
25.8 
USD/CZK 
19.5 
20.5 
21.3 
21.5 
(Fwd. Rates) 
19.5 
19.5 
19.4 
Hungary 
EUR/HUF 
299 
285 
279 
275 
(Fwd. Rates) 
301 
304 
308 
USD/HUF 
224 
226 
233 
234 
(Fwd. Rates) 
227 
229 
232 
Poland 
EUR/PLN 
4.21 
4.13 
4.00 
4.00 
(Fwd. Rates) 
4.24 
4.26 
4.31 
USD/PLN 
3.18 
3.28 
3.33 
3.40 
(Fwd. Rates) 
3.20 
3.21 
3.25 
Russia 
USDIRUB 
32.8 
31.8 
31.8 
32.0 
(Fwd. Rates) 
303 
30.9 
31.5 
Turkey 
USD/FRY 
1.92 
1.94 
1.95 
1.98 
(Fwd. Rates) 
1.96 
1.99 
2.07 
South Africa USD/ZAR 
9.78 
9.90 
9.70 
9.50 
(Fwd. Rates) 
9.90 10.04 10.32 
Son Decoosort Ram Sloarteg "ante LP. OS ravens 
Page
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104659 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250843 
EFTA01449310

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449311.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
e 
In February 2013, the European Commission published a detailed proposal 
of a Financial Transaction Tax (FTT) to be implemented based on an 
'enhanced cooperation' agreement between 11 participating EU member 
states. 
a 
The proposal will tax transactions in securities at 0.1% of notional value 
and derivatives at 0.01%. The FTT will be levied on all transactions 
involving financial institutions where one of the counterparties is 
established in a participating member state and/or where the financial 
instrument is issued in a participating member state. 
The FTT would have wide ranging implications for the FX industry. While 
FX spot transactions will not be taxed, forwards, swaps, NDFs and options 
may be taxed. Transactions in these products would be taxed at the rate 
for derivatives. 
In its current form, the FTT would dramatically increase transaction costs 
for FX market participants. This could result in the effective closure of the 
non-spot FX market in participating member states. 
• 
The FTT would translate into substantial costs for the real economy. It 
would be passed on to end users of FX derivatives, reducing corporate 
competitiveness and acting as a tax on extra-EMU exports. The FTT would 
also drain liquidity from markets, impair market efficiency and widen bid-
offer spreads. 
The design of the FTT may be incompatible with existing global efforts in 
financial reform. By discouraging forms of financial intermediation, the FTT 
appears to run counter to the goals of US and European legislation, which 
are designed to encourage greater clearing and margining of transactions 
in order to reduce credit risk. 
The Bottom Line 
On 22nd January 2013 the European Council gave the go ahead to 11 EU member 
states to negotiate a Financial Transaction Tax (FTT).' The European Commission 
originally proposed an EU-wide FTT in September 2011. The three stated 
objectives of the FIT were to avoid the fragmentation of the internal market for 
financial services, enhance the contribution of the financial services sector to the 
tax base and discourage financial transactions inconsistent with efficient market 
functioning.
After EU finance ministers failed to reach unanimous agreement on the original 
proposal, it was decided that progress would be made through a limited group of 
Austna. Belgium. Estonia, France Germany. Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia Slovenia. Spain 
' A number of Eurozone states. Including France and Italy. have already introduced financial transaction 
taxes at a national level. The goal of the European Commission was to hvmonize these efforts and 
prevent an uncoordinated mutt-approach system in Eurozone financial markets. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104661 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250845 
EFTA01449311

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449312.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
involve very large notional amounts. The FX market is also intermediated, with 
several potential stages between client and ultimate liquidity provider. 
We are concerned that the FIT would result in higher costs for end users of FX 
markets. Transactions between non-financial entities (e.g. corporate clients) and 
their dealers are not exempt from the FIT and higher transaction costs incurred by 
liquidity providers may have to be passed down. Mile non-financial entities are 
not primarily liable for payment, where the FIT goes unpaid both counterparties 
are jointly and severally liable, potentially introducing a new risk to corporate 
hedging decisions where none previously existed. A less liquid FX market would 
also mean non-financial entities have access to poorer pricing, as academic 
research suggests that financial transaction taxes lead to wider bid-offer spreads.' 
Since the stated purpose of policymakers in introducing the FIT is to increase the 
tax contribution of the financial sector in the interests of a level playing field with 
the non-financial sector, we think it is surprising that the proposal contains no 
exemption for transactions involving non-financial entities. As well as being counter 
to the goal of the proposal, this risks reducing the competitiveness of European 
companies. We calculate below that the FTT would impose a direct cost of 
between EUR 1 to 2.4bn per year on German exporters and importers. The FIT 
would, therefore, involve a significant direct cost for the real economy. 
We believe the European Commission's proposal poses significant risk to liquidity 
and efficiency in the foreign exchange market. Historical examples of financial 
transaction taxes show significant declines in deal volume shortly after their 
introduction, while academic literature suggests that they impair market efficiency 
and liquidity. 
We are also concerned that the proposal may offer market participants economic 
incentives that run counter to post-2008 international efforts at financial reform. By 
discouraging financial intermediation, the FTT flies in the face of mandatory 
clearing rules introduced in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis. Were the FTT to 
apply to the exchange of margin, it would discourage some market participants 
from collateralizing trades, hindering efforts to reduce counterparty credit risk. 
An understanding of how the FTT will apply to FX transactions is the key to 
determining the impact on the FX market. We therefore begin our discussion with 
an outline of the current proposal. 
How the Financial Transaction Tax Will Work 
The FTT would be charged on all security transactions at a rate of 10bp and all 
derivative transactions at a rate of 1 bp. FX products which are eligible for taxation 
are FX forwards and swaps, NDFs and FX options. FX spot is excluded. The 
European Commission had previously noted that a Tobin Tax,' on FX spot 
transactions could run counter to EU law by restricting the free movement of 
capital! The Commission appears not to have extended this consideration to FX 
swaps and forwards although there are questions as to whether they also 
represent 'capital flows.' 
Pomeranets and Weaver. Security Transaction Taxes and Meeker Ouably, Sank of Canada Working Paper. 
November 2011 
European Commrssron. Staff Virorkng Document, innovative Financing at a Globe! Level. 1" Poll 2010 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 1 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104663 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250847 
EFTA01449312

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449313.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
The FIT would apply to all financial institutions. Financial institutions are defined as 
investment firms, trading platforms or exchanges, insurance companies, pension 
funds, alternative investment funds, special purpose entities (SPEs) and special 
purpose vehicles (SPVs) and any other entity for which the average annual value of 
financial transactions constitute more than fifty percent of overall net turnover.' 
There are limited exceptions. Non-financial entities are not required to pay, but 
financial institutions transacting with non-financial entities are. Moreover, non-
financial entities would be held jointly and severally liable if a financial institution 
fails to pay. Transactions with Central Counter Parties (CCPs), Central Security 
Depositories (CSDs) and International Central Securities Depositories (ICSDs), 
national debt management offices, member state central banks, the ECB and other 
international organizations do not fall under the FTT. The Fr would also not be 
charged on primary market transactions, or underwriting. 
The proposal envisages a broad territorial reach of the FTT. It would apply to all 
financial entities established in participating states. It would also apply to all 
financial entities transacting with a counterpany based in the participating states. 
Transactions involving securities issued within a participating member state will 
also be caught, irrespective of where the counterparties to the deal are based. This 
'issuance principle' is designed to strengthen anti-relocation provisions of the FR 
by making less desirable for entities established in participating states to move 
trading activities abroad. The issuance principle would apply to instruments like 
bonds and stocks. It is uncertain as to whether it would apply to the euro currency. 
Euros are issued by the ECB. an EU-established entity. It is not clear whether euro-
denominated derivative contracts traded on an organized platform will be subject. 
The proposal anticipates that the broker or settlement agent would be liable for the 
calculation for the FTT. For electronic transactions, collection and payment is 
assumed to be immediate. For other types of transactions, the proposal suggests 
that a period of three working days is an appropriate time period within which the 
FTT should be paid. The proposal does not state which counterpany should be 
held responsible for paying the FTT, but that in the event the tax is not paid, both 
counterparties would be held jointly and severally liable. 
Headline versus Effective Costs 
The headline rates established by the European Commission are 10bp for 
securities transactions and lbp for derivatives. However, the effective rates for 
financial transactions are higher. This is because the Fri is levied on a gross basis, 
at every stage of the transaction. This approach would cause a 'cascade effect,' 
whereby the effective tax rate increases in a linear fashion with the amount of 
intermediation in the deal. 
The draft proposal distinguishes between financial institutions that are a 'party' to a 
financial transaction and those that act on an 'agency' basis. 'Parties' are required 
to pay the FTT, while those acting on an 'agency' basis will not be caught. There is 
still a lack of clarity over which entities would fall under each definition (for 
example, whether the tax would capture a prime broker executing a 'give up,' 
since the prime broker bears credit risk for the transaction). The FT would, 
however, appear to capture entities acting independently that facilitate a single 
European Commission, Proposal for a Coxed Directive, implementing Enhanced Cooperation in the area 
of Financed Transaction Tax, 14" February 2013 
Page 8 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104664 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250848 
EFTA01449313

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449314.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
transaction. For example, where a dealer provides liquidity to a financial entity and 
simultaneously hedges the same transaction with a third counterpany, afl three 
entities are likely to be caught. 
The FX industry would be impacted by this cascade effect. FX is an intermediated 
market, with several potential stages between the client and ultimate liquidity 
provider. These stages have evolved in response to demand for tighter pricing and 
a more efficient market. For example, in the case of an NDF transaction, a dealer is 
able to provide a better price for a client by being able to hedge that transaction 
through an offsetting one with a third counterpany. By discouraging this kind of 
intermediation, the FTI. may result in dealers providing wider prices for clients. 
By definition many FX transactions also contain multiple legs, each of may be 
subject to the FTT. For example, an FX swap is composed of two forward 
transactions, meaning that the FTT could be charged twice. FX transactions can 
also involve very large notionals, which would increase gross costs. 
As illustrated by the diagram below, a headline rate of 1bp translates into a much 
higher effective rate once the multiple steps of a typical FX transaction is taken into 
account. In this case, the final cost for a USD/iNFI NDF potentially increases up to 
8bp, meaning the absolute cost for a USD 10.000,000 notional becomes US() 
8,000. 
Figure 17 The FIT 'Cascade Effect' 
Baud nn usiMildt mceith 
M$. nmlonal USD 
10,000.000. Schmunc 
bawl on European 
toininsilOn OrMinal and IS 
diugrative onN 
.t, 
Ell 
Total Final Cost 
Saga Past/0SM 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Financial Institutions 
ad World 
Bank 
New World 
Bank 
Non-financial Institutions 
Corporates Can Choose 
Bank 
Bank 
Bank 
Bank 
Bank 
Bank 
* 
Prime 
Clearing
Broker 
Haze 
(II 
O4.N1ug 
Clewing 
Broker 
8reskei 
CI' -nt 
Max: USD 8.000 
Min. USD 4,000 
( 
Max: USD 8.000 
Mn: USD &COO 
Max: USD 5.00D 
Min: DSO 3,000 
Max: USD 7,000 
Min: use 3,000 
L ism 
Wart 
Pays 9 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104665 
SDNY_GM_00250849 
EFTA01449314

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449315.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
There are questions as to whether the FIT will be levied on the exchange of 
collateral but at the moment there is no clear exemption. Given that many FX 
transactions are regularly collateralized, in some cases with the exchange of 
variation margin on a more than a daily basis, this could involve a substantial 
increase in transaction costs. If the FIT was levied on initial margin, this would also 
increase costs. 
The FIT would dramatically increase current transaction costs for FX markets. In 
research carried out for the Global FX Division of the Global Financial Markets 
Association, Oliver Wyman estimated that the HT would result in price increases 
of up to 1790% at the short end of the FX swap market (1 week EUNUSD swap) 
and 270% at the long end (6 month EUR/USD swap). 
These extremely large increases in transaction costs are the result of the very 
small bid-offer spreads quoted by liquidity providers. In the most liquid FX swaps, 
such as a 1 week BUR/USD swap, spreads are often lower than one tenth of a 
basis point. The FIT would therefore introduce a permanent cost to transactions 
magnitudes higher than is typical for these markets. Indeed, looking over average 
transaction costs for FX swaps over recent years, the impact of the FTT can be 
compared to the Lehman liquidity crisis in terms of its impact on transaction costs. 
These costs would be magnified by the FX market's high turnover and deal 
velocity. The BIS estimates the total daily turnover in the swaps and forwards 
market alone to be USD 2.24 trillion, more than seven times that of all global equity 
markets. 
Much of this liquidity is concentrated in shorter tenors. According to the BIS, more 
than 40% of global market turnover is concentrated in tenors of 1 week or less for 
FX forwards. For FX swaps, this figure is 70%. FX swaps and forwards are rolled 
over on a daily or weekly basis by a wide range of market participants in order to 
meet a broad range of objectives. These include liquidity management, asset-
liability matching and short term funding. These transactions would be hit each 
time by the tax. Additionally, the impact of the FTT on short-dated instruments is 
much greater than on long-dated instruments. 
Figure 2: The FTT Impact Similar to Global Financial Crisis on Transaction 
Costs 
0036% 1 
ELIGUUSD 1W Icing transact Ion coat t30 day evJ 
•••••• 10pcost increase 
own 
2bpcost Irctesse 
non% 
0020% 
0016% 
O010% 
0006% 
0.000% 
Jan05 
Jin07 
Jen09 
Jetal 1 
Jan13 
nns
San* DassS &nt • .+.M'
.+.M'
wetr, mann 00o~ 
S 
&&S ~fa 
'Xt.:mord pares opal 
of newts,*of 
me AVM/WM.! DM non Mocenben? Ann, v 
i
Page 10 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104666 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250850 
EFTA01449315

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449316.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
[Figure 5: Ex-Euro Area German exports have gained share 
70,000 
6014° 1 
50.000 I 
40,000 -I 
20.000 
—Euro-Area 
Non.EuroArea 
wpm 
German exports, 
-I 
—, 
Y 
mns. EUR 
Y 
Jan-93 Dec-95 Nov-98 Oct-01 Sep-04 Aug-07 Jul-10 
SaMWDOOMftergatWOOKOrOV*LP 
'Figure 6: Two ways of measuring the FTTs impact on German trade 
Fall in 
Maximum Estimated Impact* 
Basis Point Cost 
Direct tax on 
German exports, 
Direct tax on 
exports • 
German 
exports, EUR 
Hedge Rollover 
Trade 
Per Annum 
Hedging Ratio Intermediation Per Transaction 
EUR mns 
imports, EUR mns 
mns 
80% 
High 
1,325 
2,416 
3271 
60% 
Moderate 
414 
755 
1022 
50% 
Low 
138 
252 
341 
Minimum Estimated Impact" 
Trade 
Basis Point Cost 
Intermediation 
Per Transaction 
High 
Moderate 
Low 
Cost to 
German 
Corporates, 
EUR mns 
952 
794 
635 
•Estimates German merchandise trade exports and imports 2013 based on four quarter annualized 
growth rate. Basis point cost per transaction based on European Commission proposal. Hedging rollovers 
vary depending on exporter type and hedging policy. 
•• Data from BiS used to estimate annual German non-financlal turnover in EX forwards. This is a product 
of German share of work, trade and total non-financial FX forward turnover. 
Note. Calculation does not take account of corporate hedging strategies using options or swaps. 
Calculation is preliminary estimate only. 
Seine fleunct. $e•A 9%,, ,Crfw ...ox 
31$ Tem...a F. 
e.yy Snee,Y.,
Page 12 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104668 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250852 
EFTA01449316

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449317.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Global regulation and the FTT 
A concern surrounding the FTT currently proposed by the European 
Commission is that it offers economic incentives that conflict with existing 
international efforts at financial market reform. 
Because the FTT is imposed at every stage of a financial transaction it 
discourages financial intermediation. Mandatory clearing rules introduced by 
the Dodd Frank Act in the US and EMIR in Europe aim to reduce counterparty 
credit risk by migrating OTC bilateral transactions to clearing houses. This has 
the effect of increasing transaction intermediation in cases where trades were 
bilaterally executed. 
Central clearing is designed to reduce systemic risks in the financial system. 
The central counterparty (CCP) acts as buyer to every seller and seller to every 
buyer. In so doing, it is designed to centralize financial risks that were 
previously dispersed between multiple counterparties. Central clearing reduces 
counterparty credit risk by requiring firms to post collateral against potential 
future losses on trades (initial margin) and the mark to market value of the 
same trades (variation margin). Basel III rules are similarly designed to 
encourage greater collateralization of OTC trades by imposing higher capital 
requirements on banks for trades which are not collateralized. 
Many financial firms will be required to clear derivative transactions using 
CCPs. Most non-financial corporations, however, will not. The FTT, therefore, 
may discourage non-financial entities from centrally clearing derivative 
transactions as doing so would incur higher transaction costs. 
Under the current European Commission proposal, it is unclear whether the 
FIT is to be applied to the exchange of collateral. If it were applied, this would 
clash with efforts to reduce counterparty credit risk. Again, financial 
corporations are likely to be subject to prudential margin standards which will 
require them to collateralize trades even when they are not cleared. Non-
financial corporations will likely not be subject to the same standards. 
In the case of non-financial institutions that are not subject to prudential 
margin requirements, a number of factors will determine whether they choose 
to bilaterally margin uncleared derivative transactions, or trade via a credit 
value adjustment (CVA) approach where credit charges are incurred. These 
include the cost of credit charges, the availability of high quality collateral that 
can be used as margin and the sensitivity to cash flow risk arising from 
margining. If it were to tax the exchange of collateral, the FTT would provide 
an incentive for non-financial institutions to choose the CVA approach. 
Other market efforts at reducing risk may be impacted by the FTT. For example, 
portfolio compression trades, where offsetting positions are netted by 
counterparties in order to minimize counterparty risk, may be subject to the tax. 
The FTT would have broad implications for all major trading centers of foreign 
exchange. Many international dealers provide liquidity to clients based in 
participating member states. For example. London, which provides the world's 
largest trading hub of foreign exchange, would be particularly adversely 
impacted. 
We examine the impact of OTC derivative regulation on FX markets in more detail in our report: 
Exchange Rate Perspectives How RIguibon wW Reshape FX Meter* Part 2. 31" July 2012 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Pago 15 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104671 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250855 
EFTA01449317

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449318.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Leiser Disclaimer: This article is intended to provide background information only. Readers 
should consult with their legal and compliance advice's as to the potential enpact of any 
regulatoryProvisions noted in this &Ode upon their respective businesses 
The author would like to thank Bilal Hafeez and Matt Holmes for their help in 
writing this report. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 17 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104673 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250857 
EFTA01449318

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449319.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
G10 FX Valuation Monitor 
Lines in the Sand" 
[Figure 1: The euro looks expensive and the dollar cheap 
29.0 
25.8 
19S 
15.0 12 
-10 
-20 .1 
° 10.5 7.0 
-2.3 
-8.5 
-12.3 
NZD AUD CHF CAD EUR NOK GBP SEK USD JPY 
Said DS PYR•rwal 
I
FIgure 3: EUR/USD: The euro is expensive (I lough 
remains within the 20% threshold ... 
Figure 27 The dollar is 9% cheap to fair value 
130 
120 
110 
100 
d'r
Sam DS aRaikaarch 
11:O11A1 
78 78 82 86 88 91 94 97 00 03 08 09 
130 
120 
110 
100 
Fig We 
LISFYJPV7 
The yen is very cheap to fair value 
1.8 
EUR/USD 
— — —• 20% Band 
r 1.6 
350 
PPP EuRAJSD 
1.4 
1.4 
1.2 
1.2 
1.0 
1.0 
0.8 
0.6 
San. 08 IltReenn 
[Figure 5: USD/GBP: GBP is expensive ... 
095 
85 
75 
85 
55 
045 
• 
035 
• 
025 
uSD/G8P 
PPP uSD/G8P 
Sane DB FX Ratsten 
095 
0.85 
75 
085 
55 
045 
35 
25 
300 
250 
200 
150 
0.8 
100 
350 
• 300 
250 
• 200 
150 
100 
• 
Sara' Le ',X Iteneich 
'Figure 6: USD/CHF: as well as CHF 
San*. DO +X Roserch 
'Our measure of relative PPP is calculated using long-term averages from Jan-80 to Dec-04 and deflating by monthly CPI differentials. We refer to 
current spot rates as 'cheap' or 'expensive' with explicit reference to this measure of fair valuation: these statements are not intended in any way to be 
'buy' or 'ser recommendations. 
Page 18 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104674 
SDNY_GM_00250858 
EFTA01449319

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449320.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure
 8: USD/AUD: AUD is very expensive. beyond 20% 
Figure 7: USD/CAD: CAD overvaluation is being
unwound 
1.7 
1.6 
1.6 
1.4 
1.3 
1.2 
1.1 
1.0 
0.9 
town Con 
X Reseeich 
'Figure 9: USD/142D: .and so is NZD 
3.0 
2.5 
2.0 
1.5 
1.0 
0.5 
................., 
_ 
%*V 
USD/N2D 
— — — • 20% Band 
PPP USD/teD 
3.0 
2.6 
450 
400 
350 
RJR/JPY 
450 
400 
350 
— — — 20% Band 
PPP EUR/JPY 
2.0 
300 
t 
330 
250 
- 
250 
1.5 
200 
A-
200 
1.0 
150 
100 • 
Zs
..... nil.. 
-"-- ..- ..... 
-N, - 
- A 
--kolik 
...‘ - - -- -- AWCY-Not.... 
z zp 
150 
loo 
0.5 
tarot 011Xllearcli 
1.7 
1.6 
1.5 
1.4 
1.3 
1.2 
1.1 
1.0 
threshold 
2.1 
1.8 
1.5 
1.2 
0.9 
A
....g.._......... 
........ 
..-#4 
V41, 
USUAUD 
--- 
20% 8440 
PPP USD/AUD 
0.9 
0.6 
6 
SOCK.' 0810iltesarch 
Figure 10: EURIJFY: The euro is very expensive against 
the yen 
'Figure I 1 EUR/GBP: Sterling is cheap against the auto 
1.0 
oa 
0.7 
0.6 
0.5 
0.4 
f 
EUFVGBP 
--- 
20% Band 
PPP EUR/GBP 
542VOI. re ir "MVO 
1.0 
0.9 
0.8 
0.7 
0.6 
0.5 
0.4 
0.3 
Sam OSIXItenarch 
'Figure 12: EUFIISEK: SEK is very cheep versus the euro 
• 
• 
• 
e • 
••-•tre' 
Sane DS FY Renearth 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 19 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104675 
SDNY_GM_00250859 
EFTA01449320

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449321.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
[Figure 13: EUR/CHF: CHF is expensive against the euro 
[Figure 14: EUR/CAD: CAD is close to fair value against 
leuro 
4.0 
3.5 
3.0 
2.6 
2.0 
1.6 
1.0 
EUP/CHF 
— — —• 20% Band 
PPP ELJR/CHF 
. 411, -.41‘4 
-
-
-
-
-
-
saMIlvD8 XRIekine 
4.0 
3.5 
3.0 
2.5 
2.0 
1.6 
1.0 
'Figure 15: AUDINZD: NZD is fair value against AUD.... 
1.8 
1.6 
1.4 
0.8 
0.6 
Anew 011X1S 
1.8 
A, 
ak„ 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
0.8 
0.8 
rr " 
1.1 
yrd• air
— — — • 20% Band 
0.9 
PPP EUR/CAD
Sector DRIXReitaltli 
1.9 
1.7 
1.5 
• 1.1 
0.9 
Figure 16: CAD/NZD: ....and is expensive against CAD 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
0.8 
0.8 
0.4 
attar 011X Mama 
Figure 17: JPY/NZD: NW is expensive against the yen 
(Figure IS: GBPLIPY: JPY is very cheap against GBP 
0.025 
0.020 
0.015 
0010 
0005 
o coo 
Sane 08 PXRewtn 
Page 20 
0.025 
800 
803 
-GBP/JPY 
700 
700 
0.020 
--- 
20% Band 
600 
MO 
PPP GBP/JPY 
`.. 
0.015 
500 
500 
•• • 
400 
1.,‘  I, 
CO 
0.010 
300 
l. ,......„ 
330 
200 • 
41.4-.1k"?.1_,•
 ----A" ;asd4 
203 
0.005 
--wr
--nbilt. 
...--- 
---- 
-stmEvei 
100 
100 
0.000 
San DIA( Rana 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104676 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250860 
EFTA01449321

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449322.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 
6: USD/CAD 
is cheap vs. BEER FV 
1.8 
CAD 
BEER Fair Value 
Spot 
1.6 
li 
1.2 
eterNit
, 
I*4*--or 
1.4 
1.0 1 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 07 04 06 08 10 12 
Sane OS FX Raven 
'Figure 
S. NZDAJSD 
s 
BEER FV 
1.2 
NzD 
1.0 
0.8 
0.6 1 
0.4 4 
!Figure 
7: AUDIUSD 
is quite expensive 
vs. BEER FV 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
0.8 
0.6 
0.4 
AUD 
BEER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Savor DS" Raton et 
Figure 9: USD:CHF is quite cheap 
vs. BEER FV 
3.0 
BEER Fa I r Value 
—Spot 
BEER FairValue 
0...
0*Spot 
2.5 
2.0 
1.5 
1.0 
0.2 
0.5 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Saw: 08 FR Rosa. 
CHF 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Sart, Ostath• Sint 
'-Figure 10: USDNOK is a bit expensive vs. BEER FV 
'Figure 1 I: USD/SEK Is expensive vs. BEER FV 
10.0 
8.0 
6.0 
4.0 
12.0 
BEER Fair Valu
es Spot 
BEER Fair Value 
•Spot 
9.0 
6.0 
2.0 
--- 
3.0 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Sans DS FX thsesten 
SEK 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Sane 118 IN Resta 
Page 22 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
— PURSUANT 
TO FED. 
R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104678 
SDNY_GM_00250862 
EFTA01449322

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449323.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 12: EUR/USD is cheap vs. FEER FV 
1.8 
1.6 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
Os 
0.6 
MILL_ Rel a ti ve FEER Fair Value 
—Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Sows' 08 ?X Rasa. 
'Figure 13: USD/JPY is very cheap vs. FEER FV 
350.0 
300.0 
250.0 • 
200.0 
150.0 
100.0 
50.0 
PY- 
Relative FEER Fair Value 
—Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 0002 04 06 08 10 12 
Sans O81X Resevell 
[-Figure 14: GBP/USD is expensive vs. FEER FV 
IFigure 15: USD BIS PM is a bit cheap vs. FEER FV 
3.0 
2.5 
2.0 
1.5 
1.0 
GBp 
Relative FEER Fair value 
—Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
sown, as rxsearch 
140.0 
130.0 
120.0 
110.0 
100.0 
90.0 
80.0 
Relative FEER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 84 868890 92 94 96 98 0002 04 06 08 10 12 
Sinew A SPX Rama 
[Figure 16: USD/GAD is quite cheap vs. FEER FV 
Figure 17: AUD/USD is cheap vs. FEER FV 
" 
CA.P
.RelativeFEER Fair Value 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Soured, OHM Rineattn 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
1.4 
1.2 
1.0 
0.8 
0.6 
0.4 
M a —Relative FEER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Soutar 08 IX Rosaittn 
Page 23 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104679 
SDNY_GM_00250863 
EFTA01449323

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449324.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449324.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 18: NZENUSD is fair value vs. FEER F11 
!Figure 19: USD/ CHF is bit expensive vs. FEER FV 
1.2 
1.0 
NZp 
Relative FEER Fair Value 
—Spot 
0.2 -1--
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Sant tea Amaral 
[Figure 20: USDNOK is dose to. FEER FV 
10.0 
8.0 
6.0 
4.0 
NO 
RelativeFEER FairVal e 
Spot 
3.0 
CH 
2.5 1 
2.0 
1.5 
1.0 
0.5 
Relative FEER Fair Value 
—Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Sam OE 
Radowen 
Figure 21: USD/SEK is expensive vs. FEER FV 
12.0 
10.0 
8.0 
6.0 
4.0 
2.0  
2.0 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Source, DS FX ROSSO 
SELRelativeFEER Fair Value 
—Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
San Dent Reagan 
Page 24 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104680 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250864 
EFTA01449324

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449325.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
G10 Capital Flows and Basic Balance Monitor 
United States 1USD bn) 
I
t
Figure I: The basic balance is on a recovery path over 
he last one year 
200 
100 
-100 
-200 
300 
400 
-680 
400 
-700 
n8080893 minw theuesietelance 
Na f amp US rillotalecL US 
(A ild
12m acctrrela10:1/ 
—Bak Bata 
usonsa (no 
l-re
Source 06 f% ihocwc en1 US Peony 
475 
470 
4.66 
4.60 
4.55 
4.60 
446 
440 
436 
430 
426 
420 
Figure 3: The private basis balance has been diverging 
from the overall balance 
200 
103 
400 
.200 
-300 
400 
-SOO 
400 
Slott 09 am..O... su W rreIary 
200 
100 
-leo 
.200 
-300 
400 
-500 
-600 
[Figure 5: Official inflows inversely correlated with private 
inflows since the late 1990s 
620 
520 
420 
320 
220 
120 
-80 moommmwsomwoommmootou 
Sane Dd FY Roteerch a I MOW a' Mm.c, 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Figure 2: as non-treasury portfolio outflows have turned 
positive 
800 
600 
400 
200 
-200 
400 
-600 
-903 
__....T 
Bain 
flu non-mnuy poiebb lows 
—Bask Bata 
J 
98 99 03 01 02 03 04 06 06 07 03 00 10 11 12 13 
Source De? icX R*54WMItAl US TINILY 
Figure 4: as official inflows become significant 
USD 9n. 
—met Omen Plowmanet 
Corposer Bonds 
Not Oftiple PIMOrldilY0)01 
agortcy Bondy (Fivl 
0362 84 86 88 90 92 949698 00 02 04 06 03 10 12 
Son: a I a Rel•Voln ant US Dikatry 
800 
too 
400 
200 
-200 
-400 
150 
103 
so 
-50 
-100 
-150 
Figure 6: Relative to the private basic balance, the dollar 
is expensive 
620 
200 
520 
100 
Co 
-ice 
320 
.200 
220 
.300 
120 
400 
-600 
-80 
U51:1811 
POMP BM Banco 
---USTAS la 
 HEW UST% wth Poe Bnk Baena) Clifl 
Ln 
4.80 
460 
CC 
420 
400 
380 
94 95 9697 9399 000102 03 04 05 06 070809 10 11 12 13 
Sorsa DS ell Refeirchoof tiSlreesuy 
Page 25 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250865 
DB-SDNY-0104681 
EFTA01449325

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449326.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 19: Portfolio inflows seem to have peaked after an 
Figure 20: as foreign Interest in Canadian securities has 
upsurge since 2008 
150 
100 
.50 
Fb.n 12-month 
.
11n10 Ba
be Caroling 
—CAD/USO - Quenon? gessreee hsl 
-100 
J11891 
J118-96 
J11899 Jima 
J11807 
J81-11 
&mat Oa FX Ramorbi 
Hint 
1.10 
1.05 
1.00 
0.95 
0.90 
0.85 
0.80 
0.75 
0.70 
0.65 
0.60 
!fallen from record highs 
150 
100 
-so 
Fbvn *Woad 
 Foreign inflows 
—Net Few. 
150 
100 
-so 
-100 
-100 
450 
-150 
Jan-91 J arb94J an-97J arbOOJant0 Jana:81.809Jan.* 
Seam' 08FXsllWan au HOW 
['Figure 21: Net equity outflows continue unabated 
Figure 22: while net debt inflows have started 
moderating front record highs. 
—Centl en Few, aspect 
Foreign Inrbvn 
Equity Flores 
-20 
- -20 
-40 
-60 
-60 
430 
-80 
Jan-91 Jan-94 Jan-97 Jan430 Jan-03 Jan-06 Jan-09 Jan-12 
Sense 08 FX Aommen aV leer 
Japan (JPY trillion) 
I
Figure 23: The negative basic balance has been 
accelerating recently... 
Janal Jan44 Jan-97 Jena° Jan.03 Jan.06 Jan09 Jen.12 
r\\: 
 .
Bsta Barnes 12M sum 
USINSFY eight scab. inverlocil 
San OD <X Itimmick MOP, rel Hew 
eo 
so 
100 
110 
120 
-5 
130 
140 
.11 
160 
- 
160 
125 
—Claellin HOW. Abroad 
r 125 
acearailltebwit 
100 
..
Met Debt Fbers 
F100 
F so 
.25 
.25 
-60 
-60 
.76 
.75 
J an-91 J ara94Jan-97 Jan-00Jen-03 Jan-CS J ark09J en-12 
Sane DB IX Rommelroe Mw 
(Figure 24: ...as net FDI outflows remain large 
Page 28 
-began ,
Neal linesmen n Jew by 5188888 
lam Inset:MOM Absial by wasturars 
Jan-91 Jan.94 Jana? Jan-00 Jana Jon-OS Jan09 Jan.12 
Saint OB IN Amnia as MOP 
.2 
-5 
-e
.11 
-14 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104684 
SDNY_GM_00250868 
EFTA01449326

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449327.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
frigure 3I: Portfolio outflows reach record highs 
!Figure 32: Net equity and net debt positions 
Not Portlo 
400  
400 
200 
Pomo° Outtiow 
300 
Portfolio inflow 
L 300 
100 
200 
200 
100 
100 
-100 
-100 
.100 
-HO 
-200 
-200 
-100 
E oultY 1
•
••••• 1101 Debt IIP 
-300 
-300 
-000 
GBP/USD fts) 
rvbr-S0 Mar-93 Mar-96 Me rag Ms r.02 n br.05 Mar-0314mM 
Ms -91 Nter-94 Mar-97Mar-00 Mar-03 Mar-06Mar-09 Mar-12 
Saint 08 FX RONVCA ars3 now 
'Figure 33: Net holdings of equities 
1000 
700 
400 
—
Not UK Equity Holdings by Fonbigners 
—
Not E4ury 1IP 
Not Romigit 
ld 
Ho 
niarb /yr:4
,, 
100 1onsow.;‘.9.."---...—
,•.. 
-200 
400 
Me -90Mar-93Mar-96Mar-99Mar-02Mar-05Mar-08Mar-11 
Saver: DB FX Antard end Der 
Euro area (EUR bn) 
'Figure 35: The basic balance remains in an uptrend... 
Figure 36: ...as current account surplus outweighs the 
IFDI outflows 
Sacco 08 PX ReSdlit, em 8of 
2.1 
2.0 
1.8 
1.7 
1.6 
1.5 
1.4 
1.3 
Figure 34: Net debt holdings 
1200 
2000 
1700 
900 
1400 
1100 
600 
800 
SOD 
300 
200 
-100 
-400 
-30D 
---Not UK Debt Holing, by Famines 
. Not Met HP 
.
141 Roan Mt robins by the Lit 
Met-90 Mar-93 Mar.96 Mir-99 Ptter-02 Mar-05 Mor-0/3 Mot-11 
Sane 08 FX Annoy. end ENE 
2000 
1700 
1400 
1100 
800 
500 
200 
-100 
400 
100 
1.7 
100 
-1.6
k 
L 
1.5 
.100 
-200 
1.1 
-300 
1.0 
0.9 
400 
Bask e alan vs 12-month 
0.8 
500 
uSQ4lln lts1 
0.7 
Feb-01 Fermi Feb05 Feb07 Feb.09 Feb11 Feb13 
HO - 
I DC 
160 - 
100 - 
—I 
•SC 
-50 7 r
"P\ 1 1 - 
‘,./ 
Ace 
-100 -
.150 
-160 - 1 
.... 
400 
.200 - ' , 
—3 
rw t na 
t 11 
nth 
-250 - ' 
-250 
-300 
Not ECM 12month 
-300 
Jan-01 Jan03 Jan.CC Jan07 J.009 Jan.11 Jan-13 
Saint D9 $X ASSY(/' W Einar 
.Sat 
PXRearvell and Snot 
Page 30 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104686 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250870 
EFTA01449327

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449328.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 43: Equity inflows have tracked the STOXX 
Figure 44: Foreign interest on the bond Bid: I -x :r 
'late 2006 and has slowed now 
500 
400 
300 
200 
100 
-100 
-200 
-300 
-400 
Jan-03 
--Peat E quer Intba,
Net hulas Outlaws 
—Ewa ST= 50 OM 
.11
Jan-05 
Jan-07 
Jan-09 
Jan-11 
Jan-13 
Snot. Amu*, Bent front g Rowe* LP enel Eurpomn Cote** 
Australia (AUD bn) 
[Figure 45: The basic balance remains negative 
'Figure 46: ...in spite of net FDI inflows 
r 
4403 
4100 
550 
3800 
450 
3500 
350 
3200 
250 
2900 
150 
2600 
2300 
-50 
2000 
-150 
1700
-250 
-350 
-450 
Jan-CG 
— 
Nat Bond Inflows 
Net Bond Ouflbvfl 
—10Y B 
Jan-05 
Jan.07 
Jan-09 
Jan.11 
Jan-13 
Scan* DetooM Bent *no Et/Mn Cents Sint 
5.0 
4.0 
2.0 
1.0 
Dizo-90 Dec-94 Dec-98 Dec-02 Dec-C6 
120 
100 
1.10 
1.00 
0.90 
0.60 
0.70 
0.60 
.25 
0.60 
De .10 
-50
Soso. 06 Pk Rea to rel RSA 
[Figure 47: Net Portfolio flows have been felling since 
2010 
!(negative IIP a liability for AU)... 
— 
NO1 FM 
Fp Oudbws 
Intows 
-50 
Jan-91 Jan-91 Jan-97 Jan-00 JaD03 Jan-06 Jan-09Jan-12 
Soros 08 fXA 
rtit owl MA 
Figura 48: Foreign investors have favored Australian debt 
200 -t
Not Po Moto lbws 
150 -I 
Ports, Oi:thaw 
120 
Ponta, Inflow 
AO 
-80 
200 
160 
120 
-80 
-120 J 
.120 
-550 
Jan-G1 Jars94 Jan-97 Jan-00 Jan43 Jan-06 J an.09 Jan-12 
sant CO a Masao ar4 RSA 
Page 32 
Ma -90 
Mar-91 Mar-98 Mar-Cf2 
Mar-06 
Mar-10 
Soutar 06 fx Moan en2 RS4 
CO 
090 
Dec 
070 
060 
060 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104688 
SDNY_GM_00250872 
EFTA01449328

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449329.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 49: ...and to a lesser extent equities... 
450 
400 
350 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
Ma -90 
— 
Mat (quay LIMO s lot AU 
Net AU Equity Hebings by Resigners 
Ilet Emir Equity bbileigs by 
Son. OS IX Anon N AS4 
New Zealand (NZD bn) 
Mar-94 
Wer-98 
Mar-02 
(Jar-06 
Mar-10 
figure 5I: The basic balance 
-10 
-15 
-20 
Janet 
—Gm Bence 4Q MT 
NZDJUSD 
Jan.03 
Jan06 
len-07 
Jan.09 
Jan.11 
Setem.08 IX Anne and Haw 
450 
400 
350 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
- 08 
• 06 
- 05 
• 04 
Jan.13 
(Figure 50: ...with relatively modest purchases by 
(Australians of foreign debt 
700 
81C-
500-
400-
300-
200 - 
100 
Ma -90 
—Me One eleblides eau AU 
— 
Not AU Oat Menge by Poo onore 
Not riboign Debt comings by ANSI 
Satre 06.0 Revell. 
dra P03.4 
Figure 52: FDI flows 
-5 
-10 
Mar-94 
Mer-S8 
-M 
ma--c6 
Mar.10 
Ifter-01 Mai-03 
Mar-05 Mfr-07 
Mer-09 Mer-11 
San* 08 ?X Ressuch 
lbw 
700 
600 
500 
400 
300 
200 
100 
-5 
-10 
61er-13 
Figure 53: Net Portfolio inflows have switched to positive 
Figure 54: Foreign appetite for government bonds 
territory 
-5 
-16 
Mer-99 
Mer-02 
Mer-05 
Mar-08 
Mar-11 
Sane 08 rx Research ony HOW" 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
-5 
-10 
-16 
-20 
o 
Jan-93 Jan-96 Jan-99 Jan-02 Jan-05 Jan-08 Jan-I1 
c=iGovornmonteendsHOI by Emmy*, 
79easury Bas Me by Foolgindoss 
--Shaw MU by Embalm of Total igitlieoalo) 
...
i 
_ 
Soifer DBfNRonal. en! ARAM*, 
Page 33 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104689 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250873 
EFTA01449329

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449330.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Commodity Price and Currency Monitor 
[Figure I: CRB Commodity Prices and components 
(Figure 2: Energy prices 
1330 
1100 
000 
330 
COO 
393 
100 
-lamed 
Jon.04 
- 
flaw naularet 
.
.F000sculls 
- 
Paw* 
— 
twos!** an4 4,04Jas:144.1 
son on4 0..1444 
—CND Cownonnv Pnoon On* 
J AVAW 
hr e
Sane DO IN "eleven. riewre 
700 
000 
"Co 
. 400 
• 200 
ISO 
140 
120 
100 
eo 
•
•0•11.1PC•lienTI. flt•IVra 
Natural Garb C1/01nrittukf • lel 
J n. Jon bn 
Jon Jan. Jon. Jon. Jon. an 
Jon- Jon- Jon. 
OD 
OD 
100 
iFigure 3: Precious metals 
2503 
2000 
1500 
1000 
500 
Jon-02 
—
Gob Peke 0.043/544 os) 
Pusum Mc. drew .4 
--.Potodiwn 9 1/44 Ifflor 46 
- 
hke WIroy 42.4531 
.01
Swap Daaraa%. aro Haw 
JAA.04 
44608 
J061.012 
Jan.10 
Jen.12 
a 
d3 
Sant Deuntnetlant Haw 
!Figure 1: Industrial metals 
 - 
44••••••1" RICO MANI* TC•••••1 
-
Capon Prwollitaoto Tan 
—
1.sall.nnillAsube Toro* 
- 
DI* Pecoil•Uon to...
10000 • 
•••••••• HUSH Pres IlAtolitic Tan. Mho) 
 Tr•P•K•ilf.fetre Tana e•-•• 
0000 
4000 
4930 
,/ 
Jon.02 
Jona 
Ja.oei 
Jona 
Jeo-10 
Jan-12 
! 
Sewer Oat** Sint Maw 
iFigure 5: Commodity Currencies and Prices 
I 10 
095 
0013 
065 
88 90 92 
90 00 02 04 06 08 
Snot dascit• Swil. Hoe 
•—••••••CAD/uS0 
— .... 412134.150 
—CAD 
190 
05003 
00300 
40000 
30000 
20000 
10000 
Figure 6: The dollar cycle and global growth cycle 
0.10 
0.10 
0.06 
CO,, 01,1ion oleo soles own 814 - -0 
Conelaiion 1.001 May 3000 
-0.0' 
a.3 
3.0 
400 
0.00 
6 
4.7 
350 
.1 Et 
300 
J 
250 
.0.16 
Jan-01 439-05 Jan-139409-93409-07 ../an-01 Janet 
I 
. 1 Ci 
Page 34 
Sara 0•40.• ant Have 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104690 
SDNY_GM_00250874 
EFTA01449330

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449331.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 13: ANZ Commodity Price Index (Nominal) and
[ 
Figure
I
 14: Long-run Belationslilp-NZD/USD 
NZWUSD 
0.85 
000 
075 
070 
065 
1160 
0.55 
a50 
045 
a40 
035 
OD 68 90 92 Si 96 se 03 02 04 06 06 10 12 
Snot Onmit• &int Maer 
0.2 
0.0 
-0.2 
150 
-0.6 
100 
-0.8 
-10
o 
as 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 
CO 08 10 12 
-lCD 
Long Run Relationship 
Lorignun Seriatim: 
Commodity Price: 077 
GDP: 1 08 
Sane Dixem. Bs* Mrs 
ti
-0.1 
-0.3 
• -0.6 
• -0.7 
-0.9 
1Figure 15: BoC Commodity Price Index (Nominal) and 
IFigure 16: Long-run Relationship-CAD/USD
CAD/USD 
1.10 
100 
090 
080 
070 
0.60  
—CAL 1 0 
OC COMM04, iv 
inleA 
.
.
. 
90 92 94 96 98 
Savor aim:, &Nit Haw 
02 04 06 08 10 12 
Figuie 17: BoC Non-Energy Commodity Price Index 
(Nominal) and CAD/USD 
105 
100 
095 
090 
085 
080 
075 
0.70 
065 
060 
88 90 92 
96 98 CO 
04 06 08 
Sam' 0•415/0* Br4 MAW 
Page 36 
1000 
0.10 
- 900 
SOO 
700 
10 
800 
- 500 
-030 
400 
300 
200 
.050 
•••
••04.0 
Loop RunRoboonsho 
Th
Longoun•1441:144: 
Co/mm*1W Puce 013 
GOP 132 
I A1 
Sen Onsts. So* Hoe 
020 
0.10 
000 
-0.10 
Figure 18: BoC Energy Commodity Price Index (Nominal) 
and CAD/USD 
1.05 
1.00 
0.96 
090 
0.85 
080 
a75 
0.70 
065 
0.60 
8*C Energy Commodity Pm* Index 
Of
fi 
88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 06 10 12 
Saar !Moo* Bet* Mow 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104692 
SDNY_GM_00250876 
EFTA01449331

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449332.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449332.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 19: RBA Commodity Price (Nominal) 
IFigure 20: RBA Commodity Price (Real) 
175 
150 
125 
100 
RBA Commodity Pace Index (Nominee 
Average 
88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 CS 10 12 
San Deasca•aerra How 
175 
150 
125 
100 
'Figure 21: ANZ Commodity Price (Nominal) 
250 -
250 
230 -
AN2 Commodity Pm* Index (Nommen 
230 
210 -
Average 
190 -
170 -
150 -
130 -• 
130 
110 
110 
89 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Soon Detastaa 8.4t If.ar 
Figure 23- BoC Commodity Price (Nominal) 
1000 
800 
600 
400 
200 
BoC Commodity 
Pict Index 
Mamma& 
Average 
1000 
• 800 
i
tfr
6°03
88 90 92 94 95 98 00 02 04 05 08 10 12 
Son. LaSsorre eat Navy 
4.5 
4.25 
75 
25 
2.76 
2.6 
ea 
Sant baser. eat Haw 
RBA Commodity 
Prce Index (Reds 
Avenge 
Linear Trendline 
y 3E 
92 94 98 98 00 02 04 06 06 10 12 
4.5 
25 
75 
3.5 
3.25 
2.76 
TA 
Figure 22: ANZ Commodity Price (Real) 
4.8 
Aka Conuroday Pres Index lame 
— --Aven
as 
ge 
x • 43Etwi trot.586 
I- WA 
88 90 92 94 96 96 00 02 04 06 06 
San Oftesoh• arra Maw 
4.8 
Is 
4.4 
Figure 24: BoC Commodity Price (Real) 
6.2 
BoCCornmodity Price Index 
6.2 
IReah 
- 
Average 
5.8 
— 
Lower Domaine 
6.6 
5.6 
5.4 P
 r w 
5.2 
88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Sane' dart. art Now 
5.2 
4.8 
Deutsche Bank &CCM IIIOS Inc. 
Page 37 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250877 
DB-SDNY-0 104693 
EFTA01449332

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449333.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449333.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
U.S. Trade Balance Monitor 
[Figure 1: The US trade deficit continues to recover 
-100
O, ti
USO Bn 
.100 
-200 
-200 
-300 
-300 
-4C0 
-400 
-500 
-BOO 
-600 
-700 
-700 
-B047 
—Annualized Trude Balance 
-900 J 
Annualized Trade Balance 3m 
-500 
Sum 
—Annualized Trade 
Balance.12m Sum 
Saws teratreeetterswesarnt 
(
Figure 3: The narrowing in the deficit reflected a 
outpacing of import growth by export growth 
Figure 27 US and world industrial growth remains sedate 
.10 - 
-15 
Jan-97 
Id IP OK US IP 
luoY) 
US P (Yet') 
Jan-96 
Jan-00 
Source AsesSinerrn bind* Beak 
Jan-04 
Jan-08 
Jan-12 
-5 
-10 
-15 
Figure 
Recently export prices have receded sharply 
while export volumes have increased slightly 
s‘v.. 
• 20
YOY.% 
• 10 
r 
r 
—r 
, —4. 5 
91.6
i lkihr, 
-5 
If 
-11S 
.
EligiortValurs Growth 
-10 
i 
b 
ci 
• -10 
• -20 
• -30 
-15 
,4170. 
• 
to 
Import ValreGrweth 
-40 
-20 
Jan-92 
Jan-96 
Jan-00 
Jan-04 
Jan-08 
Jan-I2 
Jan-92 
Jan
-se 
Jan-00 
Jan-04 
Jart-OB 
Jan-12 
San: DeteStream. &Wad» Sant 
Scars DasSavam. Amber* Ira 
Figure 5: Export prices tend to follow the dollar 
Figure 6: Export volume growth closely follows external 
demand 
)(Pen Pico 
ln 
-e
U51.1;420.. nwneo
Owl 
-12 
Jan-94 Doc-06 Nov-09 Oot.02 Sop.05 Ata5043 Juld 
dap: DiltaStraam Candi•• Dant 
430 
40 
yoy.% 
an 
-6
-10 
.16 
Jan-84 
I 
Seesaw Ibtagrawn dash* Sant 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
volume 
work, Ip n. to in,' I.,' 
Jen-913 
Jan-02 
Jan-06 
Jon-10 
Page 39 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104695 
SONY GM_00250879 
EFTA01449333

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449334.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 7: Export volumes have remained below trend 
Figure 8: Export volume deviations from trend is no 
since 2001 
4.0 
4.7 
4.6 
4!. 
Sager Dalarea, 
PUNS* Bog 
[Figure 
Recovery
 9: A brief end to the dollar upsurge doesn't seem 
(Figure 10: 
 in import price is boosting the 
volume during the past few months 
longer correlated with moving average of dollar valuation 
-070
• 10 
• 
000 
oa 
ore 
o 
111 
070 
aann•A`VADnAlen4 
USIA Oman* 
Mantrvene0 
AnOtaancenonas mirage n thiP4i 
Saw DIOAMA Lant.4 Ba•A 
Ln 
020 
020 
A 
10 
oa 
000 
-006 
4110 
• 
lb 
-0 n.
to bolster export volume growth 
-10
-20 
Jan-94 
—Exoonvoiarno 
ilf:TRIIIMA.kny•Ited6W 
Jan-98 
Jan.02 
Jan-06 
Jan-10 
Source. DeteStrewn, Deutsch* Sant 
Lo 
440 
60 
-5 
SO 
30 
70 
80 
-10 
w
arren Vonana 
InpOn Proalrnol 
Jan.92 
Jana) 
Jana) 
Sear &bays% Detach, Bank 
Jan C4 
Jan-03 
Jan-12 
Figure 1 : Import price inflation has followed the dollar 
Figure 12: Import volume growth has generally been 
highly correlated with US domestic demand growth 
—Import Pnce 
USTABA0kineftearhal 
WY.% 
i
-5 
It) Nik I
A\ - 
.1 i. 
-20 
Jan-94 
Jan-98 
Jan-O2 
Jan-06 
Jan-10 
Sown. Conearen Dance* 8ent 
Page 40 
-12 
-7 
it \ 
-2 
-5 
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
Jan-94 
-import 
Volume 
US 810 hs) 
Jon-98 
Jan-02 
Jan-06 
Jan-10 
Savor OestSrewn tacitly 
Set 
• la 
a 8 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250880 
DB-SDNY-0 104696 
EFTA01449334

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449335.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449335.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 22: U.S. Trade Balance - Automotive 
-6 
-10 
-12 
-14 
-16 
Momnb (US$ bn I (bars) 
Annuai1LISS bn 1044 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2(44 2006 2026 2010 2012 
Source Drearrearn 
!Figure 23: U.S. Trade Balance Food & Beverages 
INN Abnttly USS bn ban) 
 Annual IV% bn I dm/ 
-20 
-60 
-80 
-103 
-120 
-140 
-160 
-l&3 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2038 2010 2012 
I
Sono Oatarnroo 
-5 
-10 
-15 
U.S. Bilateral Trade Balances by Country & Region 
'Figure 24: U.S. Trade Balance with China 
-5 
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
-30 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
MIN Monthly (UST bn ) 
<barbs 
Annuai.955 bn I 
am) 
Sane Daraverm 
-50 
-100 
-150 
-200 
-250 
-300 
'Figure 25: U.S. Trade Balance with Japan 
-1 
-3 
.4 
-5 
a 
-10 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2008 2006 2010 2012 
1114entily11.15S 641 
1644 
Annual PAS to I Ormiai 
Sourtv Detainten 
-6 
-15 
-25 
-35 
.45 
-55 
-65 
-75 
-85 
-95 
igure 26: U.S. Trade Balance with the Pacific Rim
(
F 
(Figure 27: U.S. Trade Balance with OPEC 
Asia excluding China and Japan) 
11.1(41111y1USS bn lbw* 
Stun. DeoScreen 
--Annual 1USS bn.11144) 
2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
-5 
-15 
-26 
-6 
-35 
-10 
-46 
-15 
-2p 
fi 
Monthly1USS bn) 
-65 
lbws) 
-25 
415 
-33 
Annual ill% bn )194) 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Sant Da•Snoim 
-40 
-80 
-120 
-160 
-200 
Page 43 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104699 
SDNY_GM_00250883 
EFTA01449335

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449336.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449336.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Figure 28: U.S. Trade Balance with Western Europe 
IFigure 29: U.S. Trade Balance with Canada 
IIIMII\icrotrov CUSS en Waal 
-10 
.12 
-14 
1994 1996 1998 2000 ZOO 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Annual (lOSS 0' I !hr. I 
Saint Deralrinra 
-20 
-40 
-60 
-SO 
-1C0 
.120 
-140 
iFigure 30: U.S. Trade Balance with Mexico 
) tars) 
— 
Annual flat bn )(tn.; 
-1 
-a 
-4 
-5 
-e
1994 1996 19913 2000 2002 2004 2006 2009 2010 2012 
Source Docise.Bant 
-4 
-8 
-10 
-12 
Monthly IUSS ber I 
'Dam 
 AnnualiUSSbn 
Onel 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2005 2008 2010 2012 
501.106:00140•801 
-10 
-20 
-30 
-40 
-50 
-60 
-70 
-80 
-90 
[Figure 31: U.S. Trade Balance with Latin America 
-10 
-20 
-30 
-40 
-50 
-60 
-70 
-4 
-90 
1993 1996 1998 2000 2002 2094 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Irr.4corntyross 
(oar-s) 
—Annual0M te. /Serer 
SOUICO Pasch*asl 
-10 
-20 
-30 
-40 
-50 
U.S Current--Account Balance Monitor 
Figure 32: U.S. Current-Account Balance 
(1980-2010) 
-Annurrized Currant Accounts % of GDP 
a0 
a.0 
Figure 33: U.S. Savings and Investment 
((Private & Government Sector Savings-Investment) 
1200 
600 
-I 
-600 
-50 
.1200 
-7.0 
'-70 
Ma -81 Mar-85 Mar-89 Mar-93 Mar-97 Mar-01 Mar-05 Mar-09 Ma -13 
Satscit ObStrimin 
Page 44 
Prmite Sean &Una 
Gail %Ow lloranc4 
1200 
600 
-600 
-1200 
-1800 
i -1000 
Mar-8I Mar-85 Mar-0O3 Mar-93 Mar-97 Mar-01 Mar-05 Mar-CO Ma -13 
Sam OfilSVIIIII 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104700 
SDNY_GM_00250884 
EFTA01449336

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449337.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449337.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Central Bank Reserves Currency Composition Monitor 
[Figure 1: Official FX. reserves have quadrupled reflecting 
Figure 2: Mature market (MM) reserves have grown only 
primarily the growth of EM holdings 
modestly reflecting valuation & interest 
12.000 
10.000 
b.000 
4020 
4000 
2.400 
UM) CM 
—Toga FX Atteeve, 
IVINFX 0.344644 
GM FX Aaaeva 
12.000 
10.000 
4000 
4000 
4000 
2.000 
O 
89 2000 2002 2003 2005 2000 2008 2009 2011 2012 
0% 
Sowvafilla Con BEA al (Ate artes 
I
Figure 3: Many countries report the currency 
composition of reserves to the IMF, which publishes 
them in aggregate form 
12.003 
10000 
ft 020 
5.003 
4.003 
1150 On 
—Tots rewrva Inebinfollt40122 
Alocinpa Romero 
•••••••.“.. 
12.000 
003 
4000 
5.024) 
4.000 
2.000 
2000 
1999 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 201 
CI 
el 
Cl 
Snot COASt W A O  PX Iteseircil 
[
Figure 5: ...while about half of emerging markets 
report the currency composition of their reserves 
0000 
5.200 
4.000 
2.000 
USDOn
.
114 Fit Roma, 
0.14.4.cas Canes 
—FM ilosta.4 4•444•4 
— 
--
1999 20110 2002 20113 2005 2005 me 
2009 2011 201 
CI 
Sam. COFER MU. CO FX INSWIlth 
4000 
6003 
4000 
2.040 
Page 46 
4000 
USD On 
J500 
—Total WA Mown* 
3000 
Jain_ 146444•4 
2600 
men Ionia Mane • 
2003 • 
1503 • 
1000 
600
. 
. 
1999 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 201 
SEA OS Geier Mitten Rendre. 
I:Figure 4: The advanced countries (MM) all report 
the composition of reserves to the IMF... 
4000 
3.500 
3.000 
2.600 
2.000 
1000 
1000 
500 
1999 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 2012 
Cl 
CI 
4200 
3500 
3200 
2500 
2000 
1600 
1000 
SOO 
4060 
3020 
3.000 
2.600 
2.000 
1.600 
1000 
603 
Sam. cola MO. CO 0C Rearecn 
Figure 6: The currency composition of (114 reporting 
countries) total FX reserves: levels 
4.000 
USD an 
4000 
3.500 
Wen 
3.500 
3000 f 
—
Y44
3,030 
2.500 4
- 
Owes Pilot 
2.500 
00•110223•Poey 
2,020 
2000 
1.500 
1.500 
LOX 
1,200 
6C0 
603 
2009 2011 2012 
99 2000 2002 2003 2005 2008 2008 
Sotto*, COOMME 0O FX Ansa. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104702 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250886 
EFTA01449337

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449338.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449338.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
r
Figure 7: The USD share in world reserves loll during 2002- 
Ifiguie 8: Advanced country FX reserve holdings... 
4; then stabilized 
2.503 
USD go 
two 
2,030 
2.000 
1.030 
—Yoe 
— 
SiorIng 
— 
Aves Flan* 
Ose•Caan<op 
99 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 201 
121 
Sane CORR Me DI IX Amen* 
600 
600 
1999 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2006 2009 2011 201 
Sawa. COPS.. 1.10. DO PX Rment. 
figure 9: ...the dollar share in industrial country reserves 
Figure 10: Ex-Japan (our estimate) industrial country 
has been relatively stable 
% 
60. 
—
l utlpYl
SO • 
—Y•• 
— Silts 
— woeFIW 
r. 
, r 004.Cotornan 
99 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 201 
111 
Sant COM MV At PrAnech 
SO 
FIgure 11: The share of euros and dollars Is not very 
different 
1999 2000 2002 2003 
Sane MAR MV 06 FY Mardi 
2005 2006 2004 2009 2011 2012 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
dollar and euro holdings have both risen 
11:00 
800 
0:0 
400 
203 
a 
I 99 2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 2012 
Nov
•
 Japan US Win 
— Non Japan Isms 
—
Yen 
—
SWIM 
—
}N) hum 
OfteCusion 
la 
Ca MV DI IXIbmord,
1003 
BOO 
GOO 
CO 
200 
Figure 12: EM holdings of dollars had climbed steadily 
USD Br% 
—us dein 
few 
—
Yon 
— lust 
—
1.112 hoe 
, 
099ocunonces 
I 99 2003 2002 TOO) 2005 2006 20011 2009 2011 201 
Sant Caret M9 08F X Moped. 
1003 
1603 
12:13 
003 
666 
303 
Page 47 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104703 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250887 
EFTA01449338

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449339.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
Additional information available upon request 
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this 
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our 
website at http://am.db.cornfueddisclosure/DisclosureDirectorv.egsr 
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, 
the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation 
or view in this report. Oliver Harvey 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 49 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104705 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250889 
EFTA01449339

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449340.pdf
----------------------------------------
July 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives: FX and the Financial Transaction Tax 
Regulatory Disclosures 
1. Important Additional Conflict Disclosures 
Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://gm.db.com/equities under the 
"Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing. 
2. Short-Term Trade Ideas 
Deutsche Bank equity research analysts sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas (known as SOLAR ideas) that are 
consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term ratings. These trade ideas can be found at the 
SOLAR link at htto://gm.db.com. 
3. Country-Specific Disclosures 
Australia and New Zealand: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the 
meaning of the Australian Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively. 
Brazil: The views expressed above accurately reflect personal views of the authors about the subject company(ies) and 
its(their) securities, including in relation to Deutsche Bank. The compensation of the equity research analyst(s) is 
indirectly affected by revenues deriving from the business and financial transactions of Deutsche Bank. In cases where 
at least one Brazil based analyst (identified by a phone number starting with +55 country code) has taken part in the 
preparation of this research report, the Brazil based analyst whose name appears first assumes primary responsibility for 
its content from a Brazilian regulatory perspective and for its compliance with CVM Instruction # 483. 
EU 
countries: 
Disclosures 
relating 
to 
our 
obligations 
under 
MiFiD 
can 
found 
at 
http://www.globalmarkets.db.cern/riskdisclosures.
Japan: Disclosures under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law: Company name - Deutsche Securities Inc. 
Registration number - Registered as a financial instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau 
(Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, The Financial Futures 
Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Aswiation. This report is not meant to solicit the purchase of specific 
financial instruments or related services. We may charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment 
advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to 
principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. 
Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant 
disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this 
report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless "Japan" or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the 
name of the entity. 
Malaysia: Deutsche Bank AG and/or its affiliale(s) may maintain positions in the securities referred to herein and may 
from time to time offer those securities for purchase or may have an interest to purchase such securities. Deutsche Bank 
may engage in transactions in a manner inconsistent with the views discussed herein. 
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, 
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Risks to Fixed Income Positions 
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise 
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor that is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash 
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a 
loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the 
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse 
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation 
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency 
convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and 
settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed 
income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to 
FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the 
index fixings may -- by construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended 
to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon 
rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is 
also important to acknowledge that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which the coupons to be 
received are denominated carries FX risk. Naturally, options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options 
in addition to the risks related to rates movements. 
Page 50 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104706 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250890 
EFTA01449340

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449341.pdf
----------------------------------------
David FoIkerts-Landau 
Global Head of Research 
Marcel Cassard 
Global Head 
CB&S Research 
Arlie-Pacific 
Fergus Lynch 
Regional Head 
International Locations 
Half Hoffmann & Bernhard Speyer 
Co-Heads 
DR Research 
Guy Ashton 
Chief Operating Officer 
Research 
tt' , 5:or 
Andreas Neubauer 
Regional Head 
Richard Smith 
Associate Director 
Equity Research 
North America 
Steve Pollard 
Regional Head 
Deutsche Rank Ar3 
Deutsche 
Rank ri 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche SGCUI dine Inc 
Deutsche Bank Place 
Grog° Gallusseal3e 10-14 
Agate Hongkong 
2.11.1 Negatacho 
Lover 16 
60272 Frankfurt am Main 
International Commerce Centre. 
Sanno Park Tower 
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets 
Germany 
Austin Road West, Kowloon, 
Chiyoda-ku. Tokyo 100-6171 
Sydney. NSW 2000 
Tol: (49) 69 910 00 
Hong Kong 
Japan 
Australia 
Tol: (8521 2203 8888 
Tol: (8113 5156 6770 
Tel 1611 2 8258 1234 
Dont“ 
B.ini S<atiitt, -; 
I Great Winchester Street 
Wall Street 
London EC2N 2E0 
New York. NY 10005 
United Kingdom 
United States of America 
Tel 1441 20 7545 8000 
Tel: 01212 250 2500 
Global Disclaimer 
De "Pine" 
and wand's n this sepal wire name 
by Datiche Bek AG a One ot es "leas 
InaleCirvely 'Meiar 
Bane) The eiGnnel13, iren s Untiedto be ridable arna ros been >bared Worn to-taler 
tercet Otteied to be Saba 
Destichip Bea mite ro rensientnen as to the •ctura•cy or cone areas or such it/on-heron 
Dinalw Bars tray awns to went" 
trannatenti on • proppipry bear or enetak 
in • wannest ncentslea wee ter yew taken n the spar" 
seen In Stites "an 
warn Deatch• Bent, ealudeig 
W.neT•gties and tale pia say test • yew Vat • Konested wee 1M label nth* resaarchnopon 
Dewy. nine.. 
and prosetspa sn the repel conplot• the current hislepaini of ane *other n of the de* el ets neon They do net neceswiv fear the operant Of Caulsch• Bate and ea sup" so ewe. 
NINON WC!, Det4teChe Binh his ro obig.kion to "Ms 
rocaang Of wend tins ripen Or to ~Moe 
near • lannea Owe& nee eras that any co non. testae or eatunite se net Wes changes Or 
sibseopetty ~own 
~veto 
Pees and ~Play 
Ot trondal pennants an pent le cranes wthoit gala Ths capon a peones] for nipmallonal corp." inch II ins not an ore or a ~talon 
of an 
oar to by, or selery bMryil retn.nients or to pan Contain awe panieutw mend antelY Tart Once e• /heinull "Piele• and • ikoouti of  tre arolre µlgenwf 
Fonspn<ramki en et ere arch tab as, nay not Is "parcre• In all chins Pas //tenth ntehtion wcheto• sranwa one may ewe ran "sip 
Pam smal balers vela/Wig in• lollateno II letepnacheas 
rate can Pt vasat.le and ins tub", to limp factuanons. Dam we" N curteow met Penned 
tic nuniwout resat Nacre. intluding woild and nii~Alvectonit. pollen intispeales events ave.,. an Sauey 
and Mnd 'Tustin ea Canoe is navel /ate are 31 tunnies 
may no toted to "weapon or gearrem 
•mpowd .1.f:hap* ceased an" 
coed nepatnet elect On value ta the currency Class ate 
enceirided te node Wee ore Hornrad newireent and/or Vedror spawns Pie weer/nane a not ne•weey raw", 
el twos mulls Danieiva Bea nay tana aspen to sewn« mend be Pe we 
sta to 
or tin From cutonws on a ;innate lawn eta tonal*, na noon n ~del 
so trade en a prophairy bete 
U sees pnresono law ponds cehenyster. all transacters ~JO 
by enecutad through the Deutsch. Be'* ent.ty in the ~Wale horn. tunsdebon In the U.S this miort a awned max clenbuted bI COVISCria 
Bank SKunles Inc . • member et the 1.PISE. Oa NASD. NSA and PPG In Germany the rep)" s waned erne,  Common/Peed by Deonche Be.* AG Weenie indented by the use n the Unto! Kind:tom the 
noon it motworect walla cornmen anal by Drava* Bare AG London. a Vamp et the London Stece ffidherge •nd weaned by the Fnineel Serves Sonoma Sr the conchal el ~mint 
busses, n the UK 
and a-chanted ts the Ben Tro noon a denbutad in Maio Kong be Dettsdie Blau AG. Hong Kong swim n Kew. be Dane* Sewers KOrY CO The renn a ci.scra..c•dosino•poni by Deitsthe Slink AG. 
Serpent Bee" or Ledge 5•04011. Asti Snead. Snows. Bar". era redness n Sno•pont n the mini the to senora Deana Bea AG, Sengirvie• Bras" 
Deutsche knaves Ad* Leveed. Swine. 
Bs rah e sensed of any ~Ws wend In", e in CV etter ank etlf noon Whore this awn a heed or woe/yawed e. Growere toe  pew/tune is na en •.:crpt.up iNes,or. *net urns», n  nwtotene 
natter lat dewed In na aancebte Singlaere Wen and regveloral. Deutsche Bans AG, Singapore Branch or Devacne Secwnes Are leveed. Sypore Branch accepts ape rssocerselty to prat person lor re 
Cones, of the report In Awe the owes h nivowil angrer cistabviel by Casten Secorksts be The nexmic us Corinna/ ai the rewn die not Corneae the proy.son or twinned adept In Awateha. 
dent. Shitikfebtan a COIN al a Product Decioney Steament 1PC61 stave to any mandat "dit 
relerne w n the report and consider we SOS bean meow ow; rietien "on when« to *court the prOduCl. 
Devisene Bala AG Ashen nnburg e pnterpOrtle0 e re  roden Rithellt 0/ Gernary Mar" Rapine NomPer n So" Anita I PN.0032014.110/ Adel~ 
aternalen retest to Sent as Wet hnintal pi:Wiener 
assert dacvmsd In this /spat is *retitle "on (pust 
This ~On me re be reproduced. 0/Anbutc4 ot paattnsi by any pawn lee ere patine wend Delecia Banes pe.X ...Men ormen Plea. Cr. source 
Man ...pea(' 
CO~I 
c 2013 Deutsche Bans AG 
GRCM20 I 3PROD02992 I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104707 
SDNY_GM_00250891 
EFTA01449341

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449342.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Markets Research 
Global 
Foreign Exchange 
FX Spot 
FX Blueprint 
Dashing Buck 
Theme #1: Green Back: Buy USD TWI: Sell EURAJSD 
Theme B2: USD/JPY to Step Up Again: Buy USD/JPY 
Theme #3: Swiss Cheese Pounded: Sell GBP and CHF vs. USD and EUR 
Theme g4: Solid Bloc: Sell NZD/CAD, Buy low delta AUD/USD call 
Theme #5: NOK o'Clock: Buy NOK/SEK 
Theme #6: No Chinese Quick Fix: Buy USD/CNH calls 
Theme B7: Japanese Takeaway: Buy USD/KRW, USD/SGD, buy MYR/JPY 
Theme NB: EMEA Reality Check: Buy PLN/CZK, buy EUR/HUF and USD/ZAR 
calls, buy USD/TRY put 
Theme ge: Mexican Siesta: Take profit on short USD/MXN, sell EUR/BRL and 
EUR/CLP 
Theme #10: Turning Up the Volume: Buy USD/GBP variance swap and 
AUD/USD variance swap 
May 2013 
Research Teem 
Leiridoo 
Belal Hafeez 
James Malcolm 
Henrik Gullberg 
George Saravolos 
Cabo Nark/dads 
Soldharth Kapoor 
Oliver Harvey 
Nicholas Wang 
Nm•: 
Alan Ruskin 
Daniel Biohon 
Drausio Giacomelli 
Guilherme Marone 
Mauro Roca 
eiir,gapoirt 
Sameer Goal 
Melaka Sachdeva 
S'eciney 
John Horner 
Tol yO 
Taisuko Tanaka 
Head •>I FA Stat.FIN 
Bilal Hafeez 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MICA4P) 054/04/2013. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250892 
DB-SDNY-0 104708 
EFTA01449342

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449343.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Theme 41: Green Back 
The dollar is the top performing currency in G10 so far 
this year, and not far from the top if emerging market 
currencies are included. Therefore, dollar strength has 
not been confined to just the yen (see first chart), 
which suggests a broader dollar uptrend is unfolding. 
The fact that the consensus of analysts is only looking 
for moderate dollar strength against the majors and 
weakness against the rest of GIO and EM add to the 
case that we are only at the early stages of dollar 
strength. 
Equity Flows Still Not Supportive 
Ironically, dollar strength has so far not been supported 
by foreign inflows into US equity markets, despite US 
outperformance. The US saw negligible equity inflows 
in QI, with the Euro-area seeing by far the largest. Both 
Japan, and the rest of Asia also saw larger inflows (see 
second chart). Flows often lag performance, so one 
would not necessarily expect flows to immediately pick 
up into the US with stronger US markets, but the 
resilience of the dollar does augur well for a dollar 
uptrend. 
China Wildcard 
Yet the equity flow picture has not been the most 
surprising flow story of 2013. Instead, the significant 
increase in Chinese FX reserves takes that prize. 
Reserve accumulation has been at the highest pace 
since 2011, and undoubtedly has provided much 
support to currencies such as the euro and Australian 
dollar through a rebalancing effect. The backdrop of 
weak growth and strong credit expansion has provided 
an unusual mix for such a pace of accumulation. It 
would appear that some inflows to China have 
occurred through over-invoicing of exports and 
onshore entities taking advantage of the carry offered 
by borrowing in dollars and lending in Chinese rates. 
However, over the past week, new measures have 
been introduced to clamp on these practices. This 
should slow the pace of reserve accumulation. 
Moreover, the sharp decline in the USD/CNY fix over 
April has also likely added to inflows. USD/CNY 
continues to trade at the bottom of the band around 
the fix, which implies still significant CM' demand. 
However, this state-of-affairs is unlikely to continue not 
least because the much anticipated band widening 
may actually occur over the coming months, and bring 
to an end anticipatory inflows. 
Stepping back, what is evident is that US equity 
markets have been outperforming since 2009, but the 
dollar has only started to gain traction since late 2011. 
The 1995 dollar turn also saw US equity 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
- 
- 
- 
FedUSDINNI 
USD basket vs G10 eivJPY(equatweightec0 
- 
l   
--r 
Jan-11 May-11 Sep-11 Jan-12 May-12 Sep-12 Jan-13 May-13 
Sans oar. a.. 
-
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
.
-
.
.
.
-
Figure 2: Equity Flows To Everywhere But US 
so 
so 
-10 
$ba, estimated foral forEuro-oreo 
Euro 
1201 
1202 
1203 
1204 
1301 
Scow Owe?* art 
Japan 
Asia 
tenth 
Figure 3: China Reserves Flays Surged In 2013 
350 
300 
250 I 
200 
150 
100 
OC: 
s Chma ISS0) 
• 
ncl China tSbni 
0301 0303 1001 10(13 1 101 1103 1201 1203 13O1 
5otont 0a4W.* 
Page 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104710 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250894 
EFTA01449343

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449344.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
outperformance precede dollar strength. The swing 
factor for a more pronounced dollar move, though, 
appears to be real interest rates. Their relentless 
decline since late 2008 did weigh on the dollar, but the 
picture has started to improve as real rates appear to 
be turning up (see first chart on this page). Earlier 
tapering by the Fed would likely cause a sharper move 
up in real yields, but even a further delay in tapering 
would unlikely cause real yields to reach new lows. 
Therefore, markets have entered an important new 
phase for the USD: real yields moving higher in tandem 
with stronger equity markets. Such a combination 
should be very supportive for the dollar. We therefore 
like to go long the dollar trade-weighted index. 
What about the euro 
We turned bearish EUR/USD at the beginning of 
March, and beyond our broad bullish dollar view we 
see two factors as driving us towards our 1.20 end-year 
target. First, we see divergence in conventional policy 
expectations 
(rates) 
returning. 
For 
all 
the 
unconventional measures since 2008, the remarkably 
consistent pricing of 2-year ahead rates paths from the 
Fed and ECB post Lehman is what stands out (see 
second chart). We think this year will mark the 
beginning of renewed divergence. On the Fed side, 
mid-2015 guidance is soon coming into view for 2-yr 
rates making the entire US yield curve "live". In 
contrast, the ECB is re-opening a discussion around 
negative rates and strengthening its verbal guidance on 
"low for long" via multi-year liquidity commitments. For 
how long can the market be pricing identical rates 
paths for the ECB and Fed over the next decade? 
Second, and more importantly, we see the reduction of 
Eurozone risk premix as negative, not positive for the 
EUR. On the one hand, our models suggest there is 
little redenomination risk priced into the EUR anymore. 
This has seen the correlation with Euro peripheral bond 
spreads and EUR/USD drop to close to zero, and makes 
the potential (negative) EUR/USD reaction to a return of 
tail risk very asymmetric. Most importantly, the big 
story over the last five years has not been a lack of 
inflows into the Euro-area, which have remained 
remarkably steady. It has been domestic risk aversion. 
This has seen large waves of repatriation and the 
building of more than EUR 1 trillion worth of under-
weights in foreign assets. Lower tail risks and a 
gradually improving business cycle should see a return 
of these outflows - so we think EUR/USD is fully 
capable of participating in a USD rally, even if it lags 
the move lower in many other crosses. 
B//al Hafeez 
George Saravelos 
Page 4 
EEN-I:Tire 4: USD Drivers Turning Up 
lnormalised units 
- 
93 
01 
07 09 11 
USD 
yields' 
--S&P:world 
Sant Potato., ant •pn-Ifelnanhof /Orate CM.rt.rnns ,NY
Figure 5: ECB To Diverge From Fed 
-US 2y2y rates 
- 
(wc. 
Sant a,..o.• ess 
Market has been pricing identical 
Fed/ECB rates path since 2008. 
divergence corig 
r 
Figure 6: Euro-Area Repatriation To End 
Cumulative debt and equity 
flows, tno EUR 
-4 
outflows 
00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 
Sant Awse. Sent 
Doutscho Bank AGfLondon 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250895 
DB-SDNY-0 104711 
EFTA01449344

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449345.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Staying Beark;h OBI' 
We've been bearish sterling since the start of the year 
and stick with the view, despite the last few months' 
squeeze. First, the recent run of positive UK data 
surprises versus the US and Euro-area appears to have 
reached extremes. Even if the run of positive UK data 
continues, it is difficult not seeing a greater catch-up 
from the country's two main trading partners. 
Second, outside of its recent potential to squeeze GBP 
shorts, we don't think the moderate improvement in 
the data outlook matters much anyway. Unlike the Fed, 
the BoE won't shift to less easing anytime this year, so 
the market can't price much in terms of relative 
monetary 
policy 
tightening. 
In 
contrast, 
GBP 
correlations with risk appetite (eg. the FTSE) have 
shifted to negative over the last two years. Improved 
risk appetite is associated with higher portfolio 
outflows from the UK given the extremely low level of 
real yields - the lowest in the world. 
Third, we believe that flow, not data, will be the 
dominant driver behind GBP. On that front, we think it 
is fair to say that sterling has the worst flow dynamics 
in the world. Portfolio inflows remain exceptionally 
weak due to very negative real yields. The trade 
balance remains stuck in deficit due to the high share 
of services, the big rise in ULCs in recent years, as well 
as persistent negative J-curve effects. Perhaps even 
more worrying, the investment income balance is 
deteriorating rapidly. This, not trade, has been the 
biggest drag on the UK current account and has small 
potential to improve in coming months. For any EM 
country, this deterioration would flash warning lights 
on the sustainability of the external position. This is 
very negative in the UK and growing. On top of this, it 
stands in sharp contrast to the US. Even though both 
have current account deficits, the UK appears to be 
suffering from a more structural decline in the relative 
profitability of its foreign investments - pointing to a 
more permanent decline in the UK financial system's 
capacity to transform foreign "safe haven" inflows into 
higher-yielding foreign assets. 
Finally, the risks are skewed towards higher "political" 
and "policy" premia on GBP. The continued dramatic 
decline in Eurozone risk premia should hurt GBP the 
most given that sterling has been one of the biggest 
beneficiaries of "safe haven" inflows from the Eurozone. 
On a more medium-term basis, the ongoing domestic 
political debate around an EU membership referendum 
on top of EU initiatives towards increasing regulatory 
burdens on the financial sector (financial transaction 
tax, among others), will do little to provide a medium-
term uplift to UK structural competitiveness. 
George Saravelas, London, 
Page 8 
IUK vs Avrg US & Euro Data Surprises At Extremes 
0.8 
0.6 
0.4 
0.2 
-0.2 
-0.4 
-0.6 
-0.8 
.1 
oe 
Saone DRAISO &Mt 
U 
UK and Canada Ha'ee Worse Basic Balance In World 
Sum 
C/A • FD4 
560 
NOK 
two 
HUF 
MYR 
CNY 
SEK 
CHF 
ILS 
RUB 
PHP
KRW 
CZK 
THB 
0.P 
8RL 
EUR 
AUD 
JOY 
IDR 
PLN 
AWN 
NZD 
TRY 
USO 
GBP 
INR 
CAD 
ZAR 
Rank al basic Mime 
HMS 
C/A • FDI • Portfolio 
HUF 
SOD 
MYR 
CNY 
MXN 
SEK 
PIP 
TRY 
RUB 
TI-18 
KRW 
ax 
PLN 
EUR 
CHF 
8RL 
USD 
AUD 
IDR 
ILS 
CLP 
NCK 
TWO 
NZD 
MR 
-WY 
CAD 
ZAR 
GBP 
San. &Ica r 6.9 Fnm• 
enfry °wraith..oder tAt pee 5 'net 
Doutscho Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250899 
DB-SDNY-0 104715 
EFTA01449345

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449346.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Theme P4: Solid Bloc 
• 
The key US data suggest CAD's external backdrop 
remains supportive, as do Canada's commodity 
prices, and fears on Canadian housing are likely 
overdone. We maintain our recently entered 
CAD/JPY long. Having recently exited our long-held 
bullish AUD/CAD and NZD/CAD views from our 
previous Blueprint we now also go short NZD/CAD. 
▪ 
With AUD looking to have clearly overshot to the 
downside we do not enter AUD/CAD shorts at this 
point. 
Indeed we are more inclined to take 
advantage of the skew in AUD/USD options to buy 
a vanilla AUD/US0 1.01 3-month call for around 
100 pips. 
We have in the past noted how US data surprises tend 
to lead Canadian data surprises, showing the influence 
trends in Canada's largest trading partner have on its 
economy. CAD then tends to follows US data surprises. 
CAD has been surprisingly resilient to weakness in the 
broader US data flow in recent weeks - a period where 
our US Macro Pulse Index of data surprises has largely 
run in negative territory. As can be seen in Figure 1, 
however, the key parts of the US recovery story - the 
recovering housing and labour markets - have been 
more encouraging than the broader US data flow 
recently, and are providing greater support for CAD. 
Canadian commodity prices also remain supportive, 
with US natural gas prices having climbed solidly in 
2013. 
Even in the weakest part of the Canadian outlook - the 
weakening building sector - the recent news is more 
encouraging, with overall building permits at a 5-month 
high in March (albeit driven by non-residential permits). 
While it is by no means a bullish factor yet, it may be 
that market participants are too negative on how much 
further this sector is likely to weigh on CAD (Figure 2). 
Given our ongoing bearishness on JPY, we expressed 
this CAD bullishness by going long CAD/JPY on 9 May 
when it rallied through 99 (see Trade Recommendation: 
Long CAD/JPY, 10 May) and we maintain this long. 
This improving macro backdrop for CAD is being 
reflected in the financial variables that drive our short-
term models of CAD crosses. Our AUD/CAD model has 
clearly rolled over, while our NZD/CAD model is 
starting to roll over as well (Figure 4). So we recently 
exited our long-held AUD/CAD and NZD/CAD Blueprint 
views (see FX Daily: Changing the Call on CAD Crosses, 
May 2013). 
Figure 1: Signals from US housing and labour market 
support CAD. 
ACM 
M11.1N.1Yl,Y 4.116/ 
It 
IC 
I
.6 
-6 
.10 
-16 
—Cenbrad Menage Apes TA Jobl••• dome 
122.101264.106414•1111.121 
W 
Sane O.B.M. Bank Bbersbn lin 
LI 
-16 
Figure 2: .. Canadian building outlook starting to turn? 
-10 
-10 
-20 
-20 
-40 
-40 
anco 
--Canaan 
Cluilthng P0111112$ 3m3a114,11.106) 
—coA 
3m4m91(1b1S) 
an-05 
amp 
Ain410 
Source' Dasterlta Bent Eiloreinen Awn:* LP 
Jan-11 
Jail-13 
Figure 3: NZD/CAD model Is rolling over - even though 
spot has overshot near-term, we target a move to 0.80 
an 
miy12 
—**40,0**60eiry rulares 10•046.000. 0111. 
Mw tow 
*0 1V.1 
. 
. 
. 
. 
i1/44 12 
lier 72 
Feb13 
way 13 
Sane' Purse** Link Bloteren Finance LP 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 9 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250900 
DB-SDNY-0 104716 
EFTA01449346

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449347.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
While both crosses have now fallen a long way relative 
to our models, we would now expect these models to 
keep trending lower. Given the respective levels of the 
two crosses (and our AUD view below), we prefer to go 
short NZD/CAD. Indeed we are now more cautious on 
NZD more widely, as most of the good news appears 
priced in following its rally in recent months (see 
Figure 4). 
In terms of AUD, our view remains that the global 
monetary environment argues against looking for 
anything more than short-term weakness. Reinforcing 
this were the Chinese monetary data for April, which 
showed a further pickup in M2 Money growth - this 
has generally been bullish for AUD in recent years. 
Moreover, our Chinese team remains more bullish on 
the Chinese growth outlook than the market consensus, 
looking for 8.2% growth in 2013 and 8.9% growth in 
2014, against a market consensus of 8.0% growth in 
both years. It is notable then that other "China plays" 
such as Hang Seng H-shares and copper prices have 
started to trend higher recently, indicating a greater 
confidence in the outlook for Chinese demand (see 
Figure 5). This should soon start to bolster AUD. 
One of the other key drivers of our resilient-AUD view 
has been the expectation of ongoing mining-related FDI 
inflows (see for instance FX Daily: On-Hold RBA Lifts 
AUD, But FDI Inflows And 63 Policy Remain Key 
Supports, 5 March 2013). Despite recent negativity on 
the mining investment outlook, the ABS's Q1 Capex 
survey suggested an increase in mining investment 
would be seen in 2013/14, with a lift in building and 
structures investment offsetting an expected decline in 
machinery and equipment investment. While this may 
prove too optimistic, it suggests mining investment is 
hardly about to fall off a "cliff". In terms of what this 
means for AUD, even if there is little growth in mining 
investment, it is likely to remain at an extremely 
elevated level for some quarters to come. Additionally, 
as mining investment rotates from an import-heavy 
machinery and equipment focus to a local-expenditure-
heavy building and structures focus, the AUD-intensity 
of this spending may well increase. This argues that 
the need for resource firms to continue to generate 
substantial FDI inflows will likely remain intact. 
As to how we prefer to express this AUD view, one 
relatively consistent dynamic in FX options markets is 
the tendency of AUD/USD options to skew towards 
puts on AUD/USD declines (see Figure 6). We would 
take advantage of this dynamic by buying a vanilla 
AUD/USD 1.02 call (around 70 pips at time of writing), 
expecting it to resume trading in the 1.02-1.06 range 
that had until very recently held for most of 2013. 
John Horner, Sydney +61 (2)8258 2130 
Page 10 
IFigure 4: The good news in NZ is more than fully priced 
Is 
S 
Dm 301% Ch (L113) 
—Ate $unvy Employmont Istenbans1mth clung* (8/45) 
.10 
-IS 
ID 
Sant Deutta.• Bark Blesteter Ann LP 
20.0 
20.0 
150 
10.0 
4.0 
.10.0 
.150 
-200 
-250 
IFigure 5: Many China plays are now getting a boost 
-81n. 
M2 encroy rcpt' ircmill WV% (WV 
- 
IS 
1999 
2001 
2003 
2005 
2007 
2009 
2011 
2013 
Scant Anne/. ant amen Antos  LI 
200 
1I 150 
. fp/ 
'Figure 6: Taking advantage of option market dynamics 
Ito buy a vanilla AUD/USD 1.01 3-month call on this dip 
....AVMS° Pe/ 
15 
—4408.480 26.41•Ita risk cranial MKS} 
105 
095 
085 
015 
065 
-1 
-2 
-3 
..4 
-5 
055 
Jan 10 
Jul 10 Jan 11 
Ad 11 MI 12 
Jul 12 
Jan 13 
Sans Oats** art 844anteg Awe LP 
Doutscho Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104717 
SDNY_GM_00250901 
EFTA01449347

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449348.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Theme 1t5: NOK o'Clock 
The Norwegian krone has weakened somewhat vs. the 
EUR since the last FX Blueprint on Jan 1Q reflecting 
weaker crude primarily but also a Norges Bank that has 
struggled to make its mind up on what the main focus 
of monetary policy should be, headline CPI or 
household debt/house prices. 
The latest policy meeting would suggest household 
debt and house prices now have the upper hand again, 
although with the caveat this could change if the krone 
appreciates significantly. However, to be fair to Norges 
it is a nigh impossible job for any inflation targeting 
central bank to balance the dilemma of pockets of 
domestic overheating with external deflation. Add a 
solid CIA surplus and a triple-A rating and Norges Bank 
is stuck between a rock and a hard place. 
What this means for our outlook for the NOK is that the 
Norges Bank's NOK TWI projections matter more than 
ever. Deviations of around 2-3% or more are likely to 
be crucial over the next couple of rate meetings. 
Other factors/variables that will be monitored closely at 
Norges Bank are: a) total credit as % of GDP; b) house 
prices as % of disposable income, c) real commercial 
property prices; d) the share of money market funding 
in Norwegian financial institutions. 
These four 
variables have previously been identified as the key 
indicators the Bank monitors on an ongoing basis for 
guidance on longer-term financial stability, and also the 
main variables that will determine the additional capital 
requirements for the counter-cyclical capital buffer. 
Taken together. the dilemma of balancing the risk of 
domestic 
overheating versus excessive currency 
appreciation and subdued spot inflation is something 
Norway shares with a number of EM economies and 
also to a lesser extent with neighboring Sweden. 
However, Norway's dilemma is further reinforced by 
the lack of an output gap, Norway's accumulated oil 
wealth, booming oil & gas investments, extremely low 
unemployment, and large external surpluses. 
The bottom line, with Norwegian monetary policy likely 
to continue to be a compromise over the next couple of 
meetings, the best Norges Bank can hope for currently 
is that the correction in Brent crude lower will extend 
and weigh the NOK down. Near-term, and dependent 
on crude consolidating above/around $100/barrel, the 
re-assessment of the Norges policy outlook favour a 
higher NOK/SEK. Look for a return to the highs from 
late last year. Target 1.1775, with a stop @ 11.90 
(1.1440 at the time of writing). 
Figure 1: NOK 1-44 slightly weaker than NB's latest 
projection 
105.0 
102.5 
100.0 
97.5 
95.0 
g 92.5 
90.0 
87.5 
85.0 
82.5 
2005 2007 
2009 2011 
2013 
2015 
— Norge, Bank's TWI (144) projection 
Sane Awn.* Bald 
atksill-44 
Figure 2: CPI below target, but slightly above NB's 
projected inflation path 
Nora*. Bonk* 2 5% Inflabon 
trial 
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 ' 2015
Norway headline CPI, YoY — Norges Barr- CP1 kat Yet 
Soon a.— an
Figure 3: Household debt is increasing again 
220 
210 
43200 
M180 
r17
o
610
150 
140 
2004 
2006 2008 
2010 
-r* 
2012 
2002 
— Nousenota debt, ells 
— Househoto debt as % of asposaore income, In 
Source DetAlla• Bani 
2.50n
- 2.25E 
-200i 
- 1.75 
- 1.501 
- 125'- 
- 1 00i 
- 0.75 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 11 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250902 
DB-SDNY-0 104718 
EFTA01449348

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449349.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Meanwhile in Sweden imported deflation is dragging 
headline CPI further below the Riksbank's projection (in 
April -0.5% YoY vs the -0.2% projection). For the 
inflation targeting Riksbank this should mean further 
policy easing, and it might result in further cuts. 
However, as the majority on the board has made clear, 
they are not entirely comfortable reducing rates further 
in response to external disinflation when house prices 
are edging higher and households take on more debt. 
Also, further rate reductions would not necessarily 
support demand since the slowdown was/is due to 
weak sentiment and a poor external environment. 
Meanwhile in the real economy, data is generally a 
mixed bag, with a few very early indications of a 
turnaround. Retail sales are largely stable, and 
consumer sentiment is back in the positives, backed up 
by higher property prices and surging equities. In the 
manufacturing sector the PMI remains just below the 
benchmark line, but hard industrial data has 
improved significantly of late, with industrial output up 
0.8% on the month in March for a flat YoY reading, 
while the more forward looking new orders component 
rose a sharp 10.5% MoM and 11.2% YoY, the highest 
YoY outturn for 2 years. 
So where does this leave the krona? On the back of the 
CPI report the rates market is almost fully priced for a 
further 25bp rate cut over the next two meetings. This 
to us seems about right, as even given the reluctance 
of the Riksbank neutrals to solely focus on the CPI, 
they can also not ignore headline CPI when it is 
running so much below target. However, at current 
levels (8.65) we also see limited downside in the SEK 
vs the EUR. In the current environment and at current 
policy rate levels, policy expectations can only impact 
on the SEK to a degree, with positive flows dynamics 
(C/A surplus a solid/steady 7-7.5%. of GDP), attractive 
valuations (see DB's BEER, FEER and PPPs), and more 
near-term a lack of positioning (SEK a net short on 
dbSelect, investors have not been this short the krone 
for almost a year). Therefore we believe the probability 
of further rate reductions in the SEK is best captured in 
short SEK vs the NOK, where the CPI gap will continue 
to underpin expectations for a wider policy rate gap. 
Look for a return to the highs from late last year. Our 
initial target is 1.1775, with a stop just below 1.12. 
Henrik Gullberg, London, 
Pago 12 
'Figure 4: Inflation is running below Riksbank fcsts 
5-
-1 
-2 
2004 2008 2000 2010 2012 2014 
2000 2002 
Sant Punt.* &et 
RA 
a Earrome Caa':ge.V
Actual CR, Yer 
Figure 5: Domestic inflation stable - imports hugely 
deflationary 
10.0 
7.5 -
5.0 -
2.5 -
0.0 -
-2.5 -
-50-
Imposed Goods a :.rots 
-100-
2008 
2008 
2010 
2012 
2014 
Sam Punic*, flen. 
Figure 6: Household debt as % of disposable income 
Seine Doter,* atm 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250903 
DB-SDNY-0 104719 
EFTA01449349

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449350.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint Dashing Buck 
Theme In: Japanese Takeaway 
We expect sensitivity to the JPY and offshore 
portfolio allocation preferences will continue to 
drive Asian FX. We are long USD/KRVV, USD/SGD 
& MYR/JPY. 
Asian FX returns this year have largely been driven by 
varying sensitivities to the JPY. Correlations to the JPY 
(first chart) differentiate the relative laggards - that 
compete for exports and portfolio flows with Japan -
from the relative leaders - that are integrated into 
Japanese supply chains and should benefit from 
Japanese import demand, FDI, and potential QE-
induced portfolio investment. With USD/JPY breaking 
into the triple-digit atmosphere, and a bulk of the "real" 
flow impact from Japanese policies yet to materialize, 
these divergent correlations remain the best guide to 
regional FX trends. in our view. In addition to the JPY, 
the outperformance of EM debt over EM equity fund 
flows has boosted debt-centric ASEAN FX over equity-
centric North Asian FX. We believe this trend has legs 
but will become more selective. 
KR1.1V has the most to lose from JP? weakness. 
Competitiveness metrics such as export similarity 
indices point to a trade channel vulnerability. But the 
real pressure point comes from the portfolio channel. 
Earnings 
expectation 
downgrades 
for 
Korean 
companies and upgrades in Japan are driving relative 
equity market performance, resulting in flows into 
Japan and away from Korea. Importantly, an identical 
trend unfolded during the JPY weakness of 2004.07 
(second chart). Politicization of FX may also drive 
further monetary easing and FX intervention in Korea. 
By comparison, TVVD losses should be more subdued 
from here given weaker export competition with Japan, 
stronger equity inflows and central bank USD supply. 
SEA) is the Ftuntst USD WU, in Asia. By virtue of its 
NEER framework, the USD IVO has consistently been 
the top driver of USD/SGD. Unsurprisingly then, the 
importance of the JPY to SGD has surged since the 
USD/JPY uptrend began in October. Importantly, a long 
USD/SGD view is predicated in principal on USD 
strength 
broadening 
across 
Singapore's 
trading 
partners. It is thus even compatible with SSNEER 
tracking near the top band, although this positioning 
makes the risk-reward that much more attractive. 
MYR should ou?phrform, given good inflow potential 
and a growing trade surplus with Japan. The status 
quo election result should sponsor portfolio rebalancing 
towards Malaysia. Equities have considerable scope to 
catch up to ASEAN peers, where valuations are now 
unattractive. IPOs should resume in force and could 
attract offshore interest. Bond allocations should pick 
up as underweights are covered (third chart) and as 
Thailand considers penalizing bond market access for 
foreigners. Malaysia meanwhile is unlikely to consider 
capital controls or a line in the sand on FX. 
Page 14 
JPY has been a key driver of Asian FX performance 
.; 
3: I 
4 
ol
d
A 1 
Lo-aets 
Ali
• 
A3 
• 
aCtp KRW TW12 
A4 
• Latest GM Sorteisuco to -MY IL MS) 
•YTD Fedi:aroma vs. USD 004S1 
CNY 
INR 
Sewn Dasse% Set Stcastav Franc* LP 
PHP 
IOR 
Manors 
• 
I
• 
1v1YR 
THB 
Equity flows move away from Korea and towards 
!Japan during periods of JPY weakness 
'cc 'USD 3„ 
op j8m ni.-
oz 
4.0 
201 
C 4 
1 faerhw 
L 
I 
4,0 i owerand biS).
.9:0 I 
fl e‘11,5,1.4). Inn:/M3 (k ,
—Kcvn EcsAty Inflows iRH, I 
ICO •I 
cc 
co 
OS o, cr6 
0/ 
0, 
Sown Own** Bent 
n.vAntaLP 
tra 
Portfolio reallocation to drive MYR outperformance 
-10 - 
USO bn 
2008 
—Maros. 
—other ASEAN ilDG THG PHPs 
Bond inflows (3m sum) 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
Sam Dandle Bank Bent Ikon dale a carocrod to,, tA• esspectint cowers *Wert scar ors 
Sameer Goer, Singapore, +65 6423 6973 
Mara° Sachdeva, Singapore, +6564238947 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250905 
DB-SDNY-0 104721 
EFTA01449350

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449351.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Theme #8: EMEA Reality Check 
There are a number of sub-plots and potential themes 
currently in EMEA FX, but rather than impacting 
significantly on price action, they seem to have led to 
paralysis, with correlation patterns versus traditional 
drivers having converged to near zero in many cases. 
That is unlikely to last and over the next couple of 
months we are likely to see a mix of global themes and 
country-specific factors having much more of a 
significant impact on price action. 
In EMEA, the impact of the external backdrop is 
potentially very mixed. The subdued external inflation 
environment means that economies with large negative 
output gaps will be less sensitive to currency weakness, 
and more inclined to continue to push through rate 
cuts, if not regardless of FX, at least as long as FX 
depreciation is orderly. Hungary's NBH have made it 
very clear that the focus is on growth, and that inflation 
is taking the back-seat for now. Consequently, the NBH 
rate cutting cycle continues unabated, with the Bank 
now having reduced the base rate down to an all-time 
low of 4.75% from 7.00%. The poor domestic backdrop, 
the need for further fiscal austerity in order to secure 
EDP exit and headline CPI at a record lows suggest rate 
reductions will continue, with the rates market 
currently pricing in around 100-125bps of further 
easing. Indeed, weak data, the non-domestic PPI 
running at a mere 3.2% YoY, coupled with global 
disinflation and relative currency strength also lower 
the bar for 50bp rate cuts (during all NBH easing cycles 
since the turn of the century the bank has at some 
point reduced rates by more than 25bps) and/or a more 
prolonged easing cycle. 
Elsewhere, South Africa's SARB seems to be warming 
to the idea of rate cuts despite a relatively weak ZAR. 
Governor Marcus recently emphasized the importance 
of a free-floating exchange rate as a shock-absorber, 
and argued that a weaker currency would be crucial in 
dealing with the country's large trade and C/A deficits. 
She also pointed out that medium-term inflation 
expectations remain well anchored. These comments 
definitely appear more dovish than before, particularly 
with regard to the exchange rate and would suggest 
the Bank is ready/willing to accept a weaker currency 
as long as the sell-off does not become disorderly. 
The Czech National Bank (CNB), meanwhile, falls into 
the category of central banks not just willing to accept 
but which would welcome currency weakness, in order 
to counter persistent disinflation. Indeed, Governor 
Singer recently reiterated his view that interest rates 
will stay near zero for a "very, very long" time, and 
Figure 1: Dramatic differences wit the 'growth gap' in 
EMEA. (relative to pre-crisis trend) 
Turkey 
— Rune —Poland — Czech Republic 
— South Africa — ismer —Hungary 
Sotto, Owitielte AIM 
Figure 2: SA ClA deterioration to lead ZAR even lower? 
g  -50000 
t -100000 
g -150000 
c)-200000 - 
-250000 
2006 
2008 
2010 
2012 
— uSazAR. flit 
South Africa C/A. Mt 
Saone Dane. &St 
5.5 
6.0 
6.52 
.1 
7.0 
7.5 
Bog 
9.5rai 
9.5
9.0
10018 
5 
11.0 
Figure 3: Persistent Czech disinflationideflation 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
POOCIPOW4VARII Ori bolas tilt, 
la CPI •Olennoe Mange 
01,4.00 of enemy. an wIlioron hes been aantrachng YoY 
twee eeneearvac wontini 
— monetaryReacy ReiliV•Inntled. 
•••• /Amsted InlUson action-rig Fuels 
San* Deursthe aH 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 15 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104722 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250906 
EFTA01449351

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449352.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
argued that the positive effects from a weaker 
exchange rate on the economy were outweighing 
negative effects on demand. Combined with global 
disinflation, the Czech Republic's large negative output 
gap continues to advocate further policy easing, with 
the CNB's focus in turn likely to remain on ways of 
making policy more expansive. 
Meanwhile global disinflation is complicating the policy 
outlook in much of the rest of EMEA FX. In Israel, 
Poland and Turkey output gaps are largely non-existent. 
with domestic credit growth and/or house prices 
edging higher. In these markets, further rate reductions 
would not necessarily support demand since the 
slowdown was/is due to weak sentiment and a poor 
external environment. Moreover, more rate cuts could 
also fuel further inflows into the domestic bond market. 
with foreigners already increasingly long local rates. 
Here central banks are instead drawn into a growing 
dilemma: reduce rates and risk adding to domestic 
imbalances/' pockets' of domestic overheating, or 
'accept' that slow growth is primarily due to a poor 
external backdrop something monetary policy is not 
equipped to address. 
The FX implication: In real terms, we think it is all but 
inevitable that these currencies will appreciate. What 
monetary authorities can do is to decide if most of that 
appreciation will come through nominal appreciation or 
higher domestic inflation. We maintain long core views 
in ILS, PLN and TRY. 
Trades: 
Buy a 3m EURHUF call with strike at 300 and KO at 
320 for 55bps. Spot ref 293.60. Vanilla 3m call at 300 
costs 1.50%. 
Buy a 3m USD/TRY put, with a strike 1.79 for 0.46% of 
notional. Spot ref 1.81. 
Maintain short USD/ILS. We are long a 3m USD/ILS put 
with a strike at 3.50 for 0.17% (spot ref: 3.68) from the 
EMEA Daily Compass on March 11-. Little to prevent 
further grind lower to 2011 lows around 3.40, stop @ 
3.73. 
Target a continued gradual grind higher in PLN/CZK. 
Target 6.400, stop @ 6.10. 
Buy a 3m USD/ZAR call with a 9.20 strike and KO at 
9.65 for 32bps. Spot ref 9.12. Vanilla 3m call at 300 
costs 2.76%. 
[Risks: Maximum loss for long option trades is the 
premium; risks detailed in FX Blueprint report] 
Henrik Gullberg, London, 
Pago 16 
Figure 4: Turkey. credit leading domestic demand 
higher again.
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
— Banks, Loans to Households. Ms 
Domestic Trade. Trade & Services Turnover, Ms 
Sane Dannew bat 
Figure 5: NBP are cutting, but real rates are PLN 
supportive. 
4.5 
4.0 
3.5 
E 3.0 
lE 2.5 
• 2.0 
A 1.5 
1.0 
0.5 
-0.5 
Scam Clance• ant 
Figure 6: ILS rallying ahead of CIA improvement 
3.5 
2.5 
1.5-
x 0.5 ri 
-05 
-t.5 
1-
-
r 
2002 2004 2006 2006 2010 2012 2014 
— ILS NEER (YoY, BIS). Ms a C/A balance, Ms 
SOLItt Purses@ an 
Doutscho Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104723 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250907 
EFTA01449352

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449353.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Theme #9: Mexican Siesta 
• 
With the reduction of global tail risks, EMFX is still 
attractive as a carry proposition due to elevated 
interest rate differentials and reduced volatility. 
• 
However, differentiation could play a more 
prominent role as 
fundamental deterioration 
gradually spreads from the core to the periphery. 
a 
In some cases, government intervention will 
continue to have an important influence on short-
term FX movements. 
• 
We still recommend short EUR/BRL and short 
EUR/CLP as carry trades. While we remain 
constructive on MXN in the medium term we 
recommend tactically taking profits. 
The noticeable reduction of Eurozone tail risks has 
helped EM currencies to become less sensitive to 
EUR/USD movements. With still relatively better growth 
perspectives, and in many cases, elevated interest rate 
differentials, EM currencies maintain some residual 
allure in this environment of reduced volatility. 
Nevertheless, as the deterioration of fundamentals 
slowly spreads from the core to the periphery, 
differentiation begins to play a more prominent role. 
Despite some overvaluation and, in some cases, 
deterioration in external accounts, capital inflows on 
the back of persistent monetary accommodation at the 
core should help to avoid any important correction, at 
least in the near term. Aggressive FX intervention could 
be problematic when central banks are more worried 
about 
losing 
competitiveness 
amid 
sputtering 
economic growth than the potential inflationary effects 
of weaker currencies. 
The BRL is a clear example of a central bank stepping 
in front of weakening fundamentals. In our view, the 
BRL will remain range bound due to official 
intervention, offering an attractive carry/volatility 
combination. The lukewarm interest rate hiking cycle, 
when inflation dynamics are all but comfortable, 
indirectly imposes greater constraints on acceptable FX 
depreciation. Even though the FX pass-through is 
relatively low in Brazil, and fundamental drivers are 
pointing toward further depreciation, the central bank 
has already signaled that it does not want to face any 
risks on the inflation front by promptly intervening 
when it considers necessary. We thus continue 
recommending short EUR/BRL to maintain a long BRL 
exposure as a carry trade (current: 2.60, entry: 2.56, 
target: 2.45, stop: 2.64). 
In contrast, MXN is an example 
of 
positive 
differentiation. Mexican assets continued to benefit 
Deutscho Bank AG/London 
from the combination of excess global liquidity amid a 
weakening global environment, in which it is becoming 
increasingly difficult to find a good story on 
fundamentals like Mexico's engaging in long-due 
structural reforms. An anticipated credit upgrade (by 
Fitch) and political signals for the continuation of the 
reform agenda pushed the MXN to break the critical 12 
level in the last few days. Even though the structural 
backdrop is sound, we believe that the short-term 
upside potential of the MXN is now limited. The 
gradual materialization of the reform agenda and the 
inevitable recovery in the US will certainly provide 
some medium-term support for the currency. In the 
short run, however, heavy positioning and potential 
transitory increase in risk aversion could induce a 
temporary break in the appreciation trend. 
Figure 1: Latitm and Asia FX on overvaluation territory 
ggr Millilfremeni from fair Value 
35% 
30% 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
05% 
00% 
06% 
.10% 
.15% 
EMEA 
Asia 
LatAm 
Sant Daaelm Bio‘t 
•Mar-13 ■Janl3 ■Jul-12 
'Figure 2: Still elevated interest rate differentials 
BRL CLP COP MN PEN ?AR HUF LS PLN RUE TRY 
—. Doursthe aan. 
Page 17 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104724 
SDNY_GM_00250908 
EFTA01449353

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449354.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Theme I/10. Turning Up the Volume 
• 
Trading volumes, one of the better proxy indicators 
for realized volatility, have been grinding higher 
• 
Increased monetary divergence and 
abundant 
global liquidity could see this trend continue further, 
we like long volatility option plays 
Spot (Jading volumes picking up 
Trading volumes and volatility tend to closely track 
each other and volumes are now on the march. Last 
month's average Daily Volume (ADV) traded on the 
EBS platform for spot transactions averaged $128.3b1n 
a day, or 7% higher than the previous month. Looking 
at the disaggregated YtD trends, it can be seen that 
trading activity has been somewhat suppressed in the 
euro by the Cypriot banking crisis and broader Euro 
zone growth uncertainty, though was held up by the 
yen reflation trade and commodity currencies in C/1 
(charts 2-4, relative trading volumes for other 
currencies are available on request). 
Options !waken; :Plano a sandal mow 
The options market had signaled a similar pickup in 
2013. ADVs for exchange traded options from the CME 
for April increased by 61% YoY. Excluding yen options, 
which accounted for two-third of the differences in 
contracts traded, the largest relative difference was in 
GBP, more than doubling (143% YoY) since last April 
despite the lowered spot transactions, followed by 
AUD (79% YoY) and CAD (16% YoY). Although these 
contracts represent a small sample of the derivatives 
market and are corporate biased, we find that these 
often correlate well to volatilities (chart 5). When taken 
together with spot data the broader picture emerges -
higher overall volumes from the historical lows of 2012, 
followed by realized volatility. 
Monetary divergence should help 
In terms of whether the volume uptrend could be 
sustained in 2013, it appears that this trend is 
increasingly finding support from monetary divergence 
(one of the core drivers of FX volatility, in addition to 
volume) in an abundant global liquidity environment. A 
number of factors could contribute to this: Abenomics-
related investor outflows from Japan have yet to 
materialize, although recent net outflows in Toshin 
investment is suggestive of the initial pickup. RBA's 
monetary stance remains closely tethered to global 
growth, while the rest of the dollar bloc and 
Scandinavia central bank policies are linked to 
domestic pressures. Elsewhere in the UK, stagflation 
remains a prominent issue, further, it is worth nothing 
that almost any policy response could conceivably 
push volumes higher given that GBP/USD spot volumes 
experienced one of the sharpest falls VU) within the 
The bigger picture. Trading volumes and volatility 
ADV Sbn 
CVIX index 
2007 
21:01 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
Sown MS. Orooneat Iowa LP 
I EUR/USD volumes down 
$ 
Mar.11 
JU-I I 
Novi I 
Mar.12 
.1‘11.12 
Nov.12 
Mar.13 
• 
z - 
• 15 
-  0 
2013 
   J 
—
EL,FIUSO 2W volume 
- 
eal secl 
lagdy181-151 
Sane Ott Oloombeg Men LP 
[But held up by yen 
IS 
• 14 
JJ•11 
Nov41 
Mat.12 
JLL12 
Nov•12 
1.4,43 
Sans as Sooney nen LP 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 19 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250910 
DB-SDNY-0 104726 
EFTA01449354

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449355.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Trade Recommendation Update 
Trades from January 8 2013 to May 14- 2013 
Trade 
Theme 
Gain/Loss 
Long USD/JPY 
+17.07% 
Long EUR vs. USD, 
+5.6% (trailing 100pt stop 
JPY, GBP, CHF basket 
introduced Jan 25.)• 
Short GBP TWI 
+3.3% 
Long EUR/CHF 
+2.54% 
Long AUD/CAD 
-0.9% (exited 7• May)• 
Long NZD/CAD 
+2.8% (exited 7 May)* 
Short EUR/SEK 
+0.52% 
Short EUR/N0K 
+0.61% 
Long S&P call contingent 
4.25% 
on higher USD/CAD 
Short lY USD/CNH 
+1.6% 
Short lY USD/PH P 
-1.5% 
Short SNEER 
-0.8% 
Long RUB/JPY 
+16.25% 
Long PLN/CZK 
+1.18% 
Short CAD/MXN 
+10.48% 
Short EUR/BRL 
+4.47% 
Short EUR/CLP 
+1.59% 
Short US0/PEN 
-0.61% 
No. of winners: 14, No. of losers: 4, Hit Ratio 78%, Average Gain/Loss: +3.8% 
*Without risk management, long EUR vs. basket trade would have made 
+3.9%, long AUD/CAD trade -2.38% and long NZD/CAD +1.32% 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Pago 21 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104728 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250912 
EFTA01449355

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449356.pdf
----------------------------------------
May 2013 
FX Blueprint: Dashing Buck 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
Additional information available upon request 
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this 
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our 
website at http://grn.db.comigeddisclosure/DisclosureDirectory.eqsr 
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, 
the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation 
or view in this report. Bilal Hafeez 
Page 22 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104729 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250913 
EFTA01449356

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449357.pdf
----------------------------------------
4,
David FoIkerts-Landau 
Global Head of Research 
Marcel Cassard 
Global Head 
CB&S Research 
Asia-Pacific 
Fergus Lynch 
Regional Head 
International Locations 
Ralf Hoffmann & Bernhard Speyer 
Co-Heads 
DB Research 
Guy Ashton 
Chief Operating Officer 
Research 
Andreas Neubauer 
Regional Head 
Richard Smith 
Associate Director 
Equity Research 
Norrh America 
Steve Pollard 
Regional Head 
Deutsche Rank AN 
Deutsche Bank Arr 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche SeCUI NINO Inc 
Deutsche Bank Place 
Goalie GallusstraBe 10-14 
Filial. Hongkong 
2-11-1 Nagatacho 
Level 16 
60272 Frankfurt am Main 
International Commerce Centre. 
Sanno Park Tower 
Campo! of Ilunter & Phillip Streets 
Germany 
Austin Road Wast.Kowleon, 
Cluyoda ku. Tokyo 100 6171 
Sydney. NSW 2000 
Tot: (49) 69 910 00 
Hong Kong 
Japan 
Australia 
Tel: 1852) 7203 8888 
T.P. 181) 3 5156 6770 
Tcl. 16 11 2 8258 1234 
ik AC; 
I Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2E0 
United Kingdom 
Tel 914120 7545 8000 
Global Disclaimer 
Rill k it-CulLila.:.,.
 .
Wall Street 
New York. NY 10005 
United States of America 
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500 
The etOnnalOn and otentes Pn UN. fic4n wee propane by DesterChe Kent AG a one of 45 Mean ICOleCinely ljeulsChe Bane) Tee rannalen Nam e Mimed* be reliable arnd nes beet Mama Um male 
semis latemed le be Sable Devisee Gee mates re reverent/Mon 4s to Or eccoacyoc conyeironese a such elongation 
ComeM Bank may endow In males teens/mem one peopron•ne tom or otherem in • minnow mentelm wen the saw Ickes n thee rowed. tn.) n 
aditten, omen wthn Dewed,* Bans, cawing 
141•14gilli end sae cell. My tial•• yew Vet • menseteni win her term in the rematch men 
Omens. numerics and proentims an Me ,.lion cone: Me me <were 'oedema id ma *Mot es of me are of Ms mon They do not roceemely rent the O005014 of Gender Barth and ate subset to Mande 
wrote noroe DeutsChe Gana has no otegation t0 LOOM rnodey oe amend the repo/ of to otherosse roily • Mita ,* they* in the mot that any seniors, fereasi of Menge at forth 110.04% Magee Or 
sotemorithe texonies vac urele PIKIn and available, of imam, iroterneres an instroci to Mende wine" robot Th. moons provided for renewal 
P.IPOWS on* 
is not one* , ix • solicitation of an 
ore to lath of eel am Timid:el ro tenvene Or to penrCiattle in wf particular tr•dir0 Watella Teed Prom me reef MY McKee ant • raoeuet eff the arofeat µfperrwf 
For
 ea than* he 
020* eery rant ire nay Cr! be appromiet lof MI dells P•flKspant• 
*roam eschews irons•mane may new net weep I rein wand Mien. mitereihe factowne II forma ft• Mango 
new can be wail* end ere subm to ler fienations, 21 the Mae of femme my be effected by ., f114.001.1,11/1101 l•Mal., included world and nee mei aorome. penal and • mem, ewe* we nn rogue/ 
end bore moms and Correa in room! Moe and 31 eariences may te .(sect le deskmen or deareentro mimed echange coma awn code mot*" 
alien me value el tn. Downey Oates ate 
enceeresed to male Web own Hemmed westimenl and/of Carp {Items Pal per erreince is not roomer* -IICIPC•OV• el future tweet. Gemcros Bank my wth imam to *minus covered try Ow rowari, sell to 
or tair from ewe onew on a 9, 010(141 Milt and confide, the report 
deed.; so twee en a petpronny bred 
UM* dwertrig law prensdes otronyes ail iraremehore lamed be mmuted trough the DeMerte Cif* witty in the nveslers borne pelieleffon. In the e.S Mrs nepon a armed 
due 
bed be COVISONO 
Berk Se<unlef Inc . a mental of We NYSE. Kne NASD. NM and SPC In Germany Ms repel es emceed maim Communnated by Dee:tens Ewe AG FrenIdun Onthointed by Mt FieFri In the Unted line:tom this 
non i$ .pooled arsthe cemmuneeled by Onto.» Best AG London, • member of Use London Scot (Margo and resealed by Use Financed S•Otal Authente fee the conduct of ovatern•nl bane, an Me UK 
end mcnoniel by the BM in The Men s di/fiend in Mao Kemp by DeitsCre Bans AG. ale* Kong Brent, in KOMP.. by DrasChe &Karen KOM CO The repenetrotreaed in Singapore by DeetsChe Bank AG. 
St/Q4P0r• 13•4"0, or Nainmee Smote. Asia Landed. &mama Search end retest* n Srofraport of ins moon ant to contact 0•60010 Bank AG, &mimeo Bran di re Ocietrom Semmes Ase United Serowe 
Bra roh n respell a ace ITICVS Yep font a in romeCOM 
ms spend Where MO mac s 'need or eromisited n SrGatore to • person vao ri Mt on towel eel oroesiOr. meet ramie Of institutional 
wester as domed in the •Peolfeer Seceneee laws and regalltimil. Crearoche Bane AG, Semapore Branch co Deutsche 5•4.1044% Are tented Streatore Branca, occepts tebel reap:east! re vs each peters for we 
tOftfrt$ of the moon In Amin the repel is approved angler deribuled by Dees,* Seeste. we The tefeerne inn Contained al Ms repel does nol Corollate the vetoer of ,Kanter *foot In AYStglba. Mel 
class snouts oban • cope of a Product Dal.(10$4, Meteinent fPC61 Mateo 00 ant (canoe metre refereed ton an noon area consider Ow FOS ;yon mellnp any Melon *AM acme to wen the 1,041.1CL 
DevisChit Bank AG !Man nerotog a ineepteeiro n ave Fame R404014 Of Germany tBrent:Tt Resistor tiKennee n 'Soar. Anita I POS0032014/10 Aden iOnel freeneentt reave to aeltritro. other r -ant., 0, 0dUCti. Of 
ISsues deceased in anis *mart is mailable upon Mutt 
The non my rot be neerodeted. ennead or pawed by am penon for ens pima wawa Deache Seeks soot torten consent Please coo sou*e 
hater pot.* 
Grower. A 2013 Dmische Bare AG 
GRCM2013PROD029228 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104731 
SDNY_GM_00250915 
EFTA01449357

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449358.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
G10 FX Forecasts: End of Quarter 
Latest 
Feb, /3 
2013 
and-Q1 
end-Q2 
end-Q3 
end-Q4 
2010 
end-04 
2015 
end-034 
LID-crosses 
EURNSO 
1.31 
1,35 
130 
1.25 
1.20 
1.15 
1.10 
USD/JPY 
100 
110 
115 
G8P/USD 
1.51 
1.52 
1.49 
145 
141 
1.39 
1.38 
USD/CHF 
0.23 
0.91 
0.96 
100 
1.04 
1.07 
1.12 
AUD/USD 
1.02 
1.06 
104 
1.02 
1.00 
090 
0.85 
NZONSI3 
0.82 
0.83 
083 
0.82 
0.80 
072 
0.68 
USD/CAD 
1.03 
0.98 
0.98 
098 
100 
105 
1.10 
USD/SEK 
645 
6.15 
6.31 
a 48 
6.67 
6.74 
6.82 
USD/NOK 
571 
5.48 
5.62 
576 
5.92 
6.00 
6.09 
8(2R-costes 
EUR/JPY 
120 
127 
125 
123 
120 
127 
127 
EUR/GBP 
0.87 
0.89 
0.87 
0.86 
0.85 
0.83 
0.80 
EUR/CHF 
1.22 
1.23 
1.25 
1.25 
1.25 
1.23 
1.23 
EUR/SEK 
845 
8.30 
8.20 
8.10 
8.00 
7.75 
7.50 
EUFt/NOK 
749 
7.40 
7.30 
7.20 
7.10 
6.90 
6.70 
Page 4 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104735 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250919 
EFTA01449358

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449359.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 0 
The Dollar Is Back: How China 
Rebalancing, The Great Rotation To US 
and Abenomics Will Change The World 
Bottom Line 
Almost all currencies appeared to have peaked against the dollar, and the more recent rise in 
USD/JPY suggest the broad dollar is embarking on a multi-year uptrend. Superior US growth 
should support the rotation from bonds to equities that will help the dollar. Abenomics shows 
the scope central banks outside of the US have to weaken their currencies against the dollar. 
China rebalancing away from investment provides a downside risk to the China-linked 
currencies that have done so well since 2008. All these trends are intertwined and together 
point to sustained dollar strength. In terms of forecasts, by 2015, we expect EUR/USD to 
reach 1.10, USD/JPY 115 and AUD/USD 0.85. Most EM FX will weaken against the dollar. If 
anything, we risk underestimating the extent of dollar strength in corning years. 
Dating The Dollar 
The dollar tends to follow long-term cycles lasting between 6 to 10 years. A combination of 
valuations extremes, current account imbalances, and turns in rate cycles and capital flows 
tend to presage the switch from one multi-year trend to another. The latest clearly identifiable 
trend for the dollar has been a downtrend that began in 2002 and likely ended in 2011 thus 
la:-iting g years tsee Figure 1). This is one year sI-n-t 
the longest trend in the post-Bretton 
Figure 1: USD Uptrend Starting? 
150 
140 
130 
120 
110 
100 
6yrs, 
down 18% 
:on one xere sant Ex4Vrt a S 
III= Turning points 
Real Broad Dollar 
Nornina l Dollar vs Majors 
I ()yrs, 
clown 46% 
74 75 76 77 787960818263EO 85 86 87 86 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 96 99 00 0 i)1 03 04 05 06 07 06 09 10 11 12 13 
7yrs, 
up 43% 
9yrs, 
down 40% 
(vs majors) 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 5 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104738 
SDNY_GM_00250920 
EFTA01449359

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449360.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 5: USD/JPY Broken Away From Rate Differentials 
115 
110 
I0) 
105 S 
- 
-t-
101%* Doltd. Aviv Econ.) 
.USD/JPY(lhs) 
2y spread (bpsins) 
• 
• 
Figure 6: Record Negative Correlation Between Dollar 
and Stocks Reversing Suggests Regime Change 
2y corretothon between USD TW1 and S&PSOO 
200 
using 1y rolling returns 
100% ' 
I , rg levels 
80% 
150 
60,0. 
I
40% 
ti
I 
20% 
t 
100 
0% •I 
hi 
tr i )
-20O: 
-40‘,^0 
\
. 
kl 
-60% 
-(30% 
k r 
I
W 
-100% - 
78 81 84 87 90 93 96 99 02 05 08 11 
it Farman; 
The significance of the USD/JPY turn higher should not be understated. It is perhaps the only 
currency pair that has captured all the major macro themes since the 2008: an aversion to 
crisis-prone regions, ultra-easy Fed policy, the Euro-area crisis, and the investment boom in 
China. All these have until recently been positive for the yen against the dollar, and indeed 
contributed to the all-time high seen in the yen. The fact that the yen has now so decisively 
turned lower suggests markets are entering a new regime. 
The notable shifts in market behaviour include the complete breakdown of the relationship 
between relative interest rates and USD/JPY (see Figure 5) and the declining correlation 
between the dollar and equities, such that the dollar is no longer weakening in "risk-on" 
periods (see Figure 6). 
On the macro side, 2011 marked the period when US growth more clearly established a lead 
over Euro-area growth (see Figure 7). Since then, US investors have reduced their buying of 
foreign equities (see Figure 8). This capital flow is perhaps the most important one to track 
the beginning of dollar uptrends (see Exchange Rate Perspectives, December 2012). The end 
of 2012 has likely seen the low in real US yields, which has trended down since 2008 (see 
Figures 9,10). This suggests the Fed is unlikely to do further easing measures. And even if it 
Figure 7: US Growth Firmly Above Euro-Area's 
ID 1 reol GDP growth, rolling y/y, consensus forecasts used 
for 2013, Germany used pre-EMU 
-2
-4
-6 
75 77 79 81 83 85 87 89 91 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
SUS 
—Euro-area 
Figure 8: US Investors Buying Less Abroad 
•USD TW I (Ihs) 
140 
US purchases of fort, inr equities (inverted, r -0.5% 
24mms, % of GDP. 
130 3 
0.0% 
0.5% 
L 1.5% 
-i- 
2.0% 
82 8486889092 9496980002 04 06 08 10 12 
edit.. Pamwp 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 7
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104738 
SDNY_GM_00250922 
EFTA01449360

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449361.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Sxrc.: 
icc,e.krk 
Page 8 
8,000 -I 
—'-Developing ex-China Ohs) 
6,000 
China (rhs)
800 
700 
600 
500 
• 400 
300 
200 
100 
.Figure 9: US Real Yields Turning Up 
-1 
SUS 
toy 
. 
real yields Ohs) 
—US unemployment rate, inverted 
(ms) 
.. 11 
98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 06 09 10 11 12 13 
e 3 
I.4 
i• 10 
9rx• NOW. Get E:on. 
Figure 10: Lowest US Real Yields Outside Of Inflation 
Spikes Since 1800 
,
,10 yields minus Inflation 
1800 1825 1850 1875 1900 1925 1950 1975 2000 
did, currency markets are no longer reacting as strongly to such measures. Instead, other 
central banks are catching up to Fed easing, such as the BoJ since Abe's election (or even 
earlier the SNB in 2011), are having a distinctly bigger a more negative impact on their 
currencies over the dollar. Finally, the introduction of the OMT by the ECB in the summer of 
2012 has seen the tail risk for the Euro-area significantly reduced. 
What Goes Up Must Come Down; The Link To China 
A new market regime would imply that many of the trends since 2008 will likely reverse. 
Identifying those trends would also help answer the question of what would happen if the 
Fed exits QE, which has occupied market participants in recent months. 
At the core, two clear trends have been in play since 2008. First, ultraeasy monetary policy 
by the central banks of the crisis-hit economies in the developed world, notably the Fed and 
ECB. Second, emerging market growth outperformance, particularly China. 
Moreover, both trends are connected. Indeed, Fed easing has seen US real yields, and global 
liquidity increase, while Chinese growth outperformance has provided a destination for this 
Figure 11: Surge in China Investment And Non-
Conventional Credit 
55% 
50% 
45% 
40% 
35% 
Investment share of 
Chinese GDP Ilhs) 
% of credit outside of 
bank Yuan loans (rhs) 
60% 
50% 
10,000 
- 40% 
30% 
- 20% 
4,000 
Figure 12: Cross-Border Banking Lending Going To 
China 
12,000 1 foreign claims on borrowers from ($bn): 
10% 
2,000 
30% 
r 
r 
T 
--• 
0% 
7881 83 85 8789 91 93 9597 9901 03 0608 10 12 
85 87 89 91 93 95 97 99 01 03 05 07 08 10 12 
E 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104739 
SDNY_GM_00250923 
EFTA01449361

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449362.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 17: BoJ Balance Sheet Yet To Grow As Fast As 
Fed Or ECB 
35% -1 central bank balance sheet as share of GDP 
30% 
25% 
20% 
15% 1 
ice
~
10% -I 
5% 
0%  
Fed 
OS 
5c.r:* Don.he Sr*. ec.;vid. 
Figure 18: Japan's Narrow Basic Balance of Payments 
Very Negative 
too 
110 
100 
140 
—Bob Batons 121d van 
160 
USCOPf (right stii, 4veilid) 
.5 
160 
Janet Jan.94 Jan97 Jan00 Jan-33 Jan-36 Jan-OS Janl2 
CNY, EUR, JPY and the rest: Where Next? 
The case for yen weakness is straightforward. We expect "Abenomics" to see a more 
aggressive BoJ, perhaps using the 1930s as a template for recovery, when currency 
weakness was a clear support (see FX Strategy Weekty, 15 February, 2013). It should noted 
that the BoJ has yet to expand its balance sheet as much as the Fed or the ECB since 2008 
(see Figure 17). The Bank of England also appears to be itching to ease policy in part to 
weaken the pound, perhaps in response to Abenomics. Outside of BoJ policy, the narrow 
basic balance of payments (current account + FDI) points to clear yen weakness (see Figure 
18). The surge in money market funds inflows should also reverse (see chart). We expect 
USD/JPY to eventually rise to 115 by 2015 (and 100 by year-end and 110 by end-2014). These 
are higher than our previous forecasts. 
The negative growth gap with the US, similar interest rates (see Figure 19) and US investors 
buying less equities abroad should weigh on the euro. The ECB is unlikely to hike with Euro-
area growth close to 0% and with BoJ and BoE actions leading to currency weakness. And of 
course, there are ongoing and well-known issues around the Euro-area crisis. We look for the 
euro to eventually head to 1.10 by 2015 (and 1.20 by year-end and 1.15 by end-2014). 
Figure 19: US/Euro Rate Spreads Sideways 
L45 1 
0.45 
-0.05 
-0.55 
Detrencsecl USD vs EUR(pre-99 OEM, thsI 
®— 2y rate dill ohsl 
-2 
-4 
-1.05 
-6 
76 79 82 85 88 91 94 97 00 03 06 09 12 
s...:.. D....1.0Q E, t. L.21..r, 
Figure 20. CNY Under- and Over Valued 
-10 
-20 
CNYavervaluation based on FEER (black) and BEER (grey) 
CNY overvalued 
Ito 
return to I0i ave or current account (PEER) 
PPP a0NSted for producipetty and terms 01 trace SEER 
-40 
97 98 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 09 10 It 12 
Ey!, 
Page 10 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104741 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250925 
EFTA01449362

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449363.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 21: Almost All FX Weaken When Dollar Strengthens. 
750-
50o-
250-
Co
-
.25 
.50o-
-750-
r t ra: 
too: vtnrn< oingo 
f•dricio, nc 
GIO 
EMEA 
Latin 
IIIIII _III 
T 
Asia 
CUR ..PY O5P CHF RA 0k ALO Nm CAD PUI CL( HIS ALS 'WY IM( NA FAN. eet CV COP Pill IOW IWO MO HAD CNY He WO PHP NB MM 
We only expect modest CNY appreciation against the dollar. One measure of valuation points 
to only modest undervaluation (see Figure 20). Moreover, the decline in China's current 
account has been quite sharp. If China wishes to see a return of the current account balance 
back to its recent average, then the CNY would have to weaken (see Figure 20). 
Importantly, we expect the China-linked currencies such as AUD to weaken to 0.85 by 2015 
(and 1.00 by year-end, 0.90 by end-20t4). The risks around switching from an investment-led 
growth model to a consumption-base model, that is, China rebalancing, suggests the risks for 
these currencies are to the downside. 
Other currencies should broadly follow the dollar. Indeed, past correlations suggest that most 
EM currencies follow the narrow dollar trend (see Figure 21). The main exception is the 
Mexican peso which has tended to strengthen with dollar strength. Some of the high-yielding 
currencies such as TRY, INR, IDR and RUB have tended not to see their spot move with the 
dollar trend. 
Through all of these individual currency forecasts, the most important point is that the 9-10 
years of dollar weakness is now behind us, and the beginning of a multi-year uptrend is 
unfolding. 
Bilal Hafeez, 
London, +44 20 7547 1489 
Deutsche Bank AG)London 
Page II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104742 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250926 
EFTA01449363

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449364.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449364.pdf
----------------------------------------
,e P.Ite, I 
Deutsche Bank 0 
FX Behavioral and Fundamental Equilibrium Exchange Rates (BEER and FEER)* 
Figure 1: USD-cross BEER and FEER valuations 
150 
II 
1, 1111
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
u- 
a=D
io 
O 
la IA 
CC 
CC 
CO 
CCU..7207E 
Z 
Figure 2: EUR/USD is a bit expensive vs. BEER FV 
1.80 
60 
1.40 
1.20 
00 
0.80 
60 
.00.•••13EER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 0608 10 12 
Figure 4: GBP/USD is very undervalued vs. BEER FV 
50 
00 
1.50 
00 
R - a 
'a it 
Spot 
82 8486 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 0608 10 12 
II 
z 0 
In BEER 
PEER 
I-TIT inifill
00. 
Z 
Za-
-a 
Z 
0- 
LP ea 
La 
CC 
IA 
is 
Figure 3: USD/JPY is now fair value vs. BEER FV 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
BEER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Figure 5: USD BIS TWI is a bit cheap vs. BEER FV 
140 
130 
120 
110 
100 
82 84 86 889092 94 96 98 00 02 0406 08 10 12 
Stoma :OF 
'Sources: BIS, Bloomberg, Deutsche Bank. Notes: For details on model, see Exchange Rate Perspectives, Jan-13. 
BEER model is relative PPP adjusted for terms-of-trade and productivity effects. Relative FEER model is based on 
current account surpluses/deficits relative to long-term (structural) surpluses/deficits. Over/undervaluation 
calculated off TWIs and converted to USD-crosses using matrix algebra. EM graphs available upon request. 
Page 14 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104745 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250929 
EFTA01449364

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449365.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank ri 
Figure Cr USD/CAD is cheap vs. BEER FV 
1.80-]
1.60 
40 
20 
1.00 
BEER Fair Value 
enr..-Spot 
80 
-
8082 8486 88 90 92 94 96 98 0002 04 0608 1012 
nt n P.v/eic:t 
Figure 8: NZD/USD is very expensive vs. BEER FV 
110 
0.90 
0.70 
0.50 1 
0.30 
BEER Fair ValueSpot
82 84 86 88 93 92 94 95 98 00 02 04 0603 10 12 
Figure 10: USD/NOK is a bit expensive vs. BEER FV 
10.00 
9.004 
8.00 
7.00 
6.00 
5.00 
4.00 -I 
3.00 -I-
BEER Fair Value 
Spot 
8082 8486 8890 9294 9698 0302 0436 C81012 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Figure 7: AUD/USD is quite expensive vs. BEER FV 
1.25 - 
0.50 
82 8486 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 07. 04 0608 1012 
BEER Fair Value 
—Spot 
Figure 9: USD/CHF is quite cheap vs. BEER FV 
3.00 1 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 1 
1.00 I 
0.50  
BEER Fair Value 
Spot 
87.8486 85 90 92 94 96 98 0002 040608 1012 
Figure 11: USD/SEK is expensive vs. BEER FV 
--BEER Fair Value 
3.00 -I-
8082 84868890 9294 9698 0002 0406 08 10 12 
et+c, 
Page 15 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104746 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250930 
EFTA01449365

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449366.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank ri 
Figure 12: EUR/USD is cheap vs. FEER FV 
1.80 -1
Relative FEER Fair Value 
Spot 
1.60 -I 
1.40 
1.20 
too 
0.80 1 
0.60 
82 8486 88 90 92 94 96 98 0002 04 0608 1012 
OtirxPeorecr, 
Figure 14: GBP/USD is expensive vs. FEER FV 
250 1 
2.00 - 
1.50 
1.00 
Relative PEER Fair Value 
—Spot 
B032 848638 90 92 94 96 98 0002 040608 10 12 
Figure 16: USD/CAD is quite cheap vs. FEER FV 
1.80 
1.60 - 
1.00 
0.80 
Relative PEER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 8486 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 0508 10 12 
Sous:* DB A Ast 
Page 16 
Figure 13: USD/JPY is very cheap vs. FEER FV 
350 
300 1 0
1/4
250
200
150 i 
100
82 84 86 8890 92 94 96 98 00 02 0406 08 10 12 
Relative PEER Far Value 
—Spot 
Figure 15: USD BIS TWI is a bit cheap vs. FEER FV 
140 
• 
130 
120 
110 
100 
Relative FEER Fair Value 
Spot 
82 84 86 88 9092 94 96 98 0002 0406 08 1012 
Figure 17: AUD/USD is fair value vs. FEER FV 
1.25 •. 
015 
0.50 
Relative FEER Fair Value 
82 84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 0608 10 12 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104747 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250931 
EFTA01449366

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449367.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank ri 
Figure 18: NZD/USD is a bit expensive vs. FEER FV 
1.10 
Relative FEER Far Value 
Spot 
0.90 
0.70 
0.50 -I 
0.30 
82 8486 88 90 92 94 96 98 0002 04 0608 1012 
:0ut.* LV 
Pokrect) 
Figure 20: USD/NOK is expensive vs. FEER FV 
10.00 
9.001 
8.00 I 
7.00
6.00 
5.00 
4.00 1 
3.00  
Relative FEER Fair Value 
--""- Spot 
8082 84 86 18 909294 969800020406 081012 
Sxeca O8FX ',arm 
Figure 19: USD/CHF is fair value vs. FEER FV 
3.00 
—Relative FEER Fair Value 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
1.00 -I 
0.50 
Spot 
808284868S 909294969800010405081012 
Figure 21: USD/SEK if fair value vs. FEER FV 
12.00 1 
9.00 
6.00 
3.00 I 
8082 84 86 88909294 9698 0002 0406 081012 
.1<w Ct. rA 
Relative FEER Fair Value 
Spot 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 17 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104748 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250932 
EFTA01449367

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449368.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449368.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank O 
Figure 13: Equity flows tend to respond with a lag to 
marke performance 
230 
180 • 
130 • 
-
• 
-20 • 
-120 - 
US Stooks 
Fonoign %as 
-170 
—S&P 700 Olal 
79 61 63 86 87 89 91 93 96 97 99 01 03 05 07 09 11 13 
kw. Nub", &rot US relklurved Won) ea) Seank”O' 
Figure 14: The dollar is increasingly following net 
equity flows 
200 
2.4 
150 
2.0 
1C0 
1.6 
0.8 
-60 
0.4 
0.0 
-103 
Figure 15: Generally inverse link between foreign 
interest in USTs versus US equities 
600 
Fon.; n Puicam o• US To am roa 
Fool.; n Poe:noses 0, US E 
460 
320 
180 
80 02 B4 86 88 90 92 92 96 98 00 02 04 OS 06 10 12 
Sxn:a 0.3.2f 9n azit6 TrOuSur, 
• 
Equiy Fbw l MSum) 
USD 11.41 Maps (KM 
to 
• 
retolion.,50% 
C 0nel:du:onto mo leg)-58% 
sasect DO,C9Cts Betis US leather and Evvrdays 
C0
4.76 
4.70 
4.66 
4.60 
4.55 
4.50 
4.46 
4.40 
4.36 
430 
4.26 
4.20 
Figure 16: The dollar and agency & corp bond inflows 
700 
600 
500 
400 
300 
200 
100 
-1C0 
-200 
Corp and Agony/ Baroda(al 
Corporals bandana' 
US TM Molar. n) 
00 
08 
ix.va Now* £446 OS Iowan •14 k4margAwal.4
4.8 
4.7 
- 4.6 
- 4.5 
4.4 
Page 20 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104751 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250935 
EFTA01449368

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449369.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank El 
Canada (CAD bn) 
Figure 1: The basic balance has generally been in a 
downtrend since 2007 
-40 
-60 
-80 
-100 
Dec-90 
Satre Off ne 
Base Baena, 40 
CADJUSI) - Queen Ave lase (m) 
Dec-94 Dec-98 Dec-02 Dec-06 Dec.10 
10 
- 1.06 
- 1.00 
•0% 
▪ 0.90 
. 0 86 
• 0.60 
• 0 75 
0.70 
▪ 065 
060 
Figure 3: Portfolio inflows seem to have peaked after 
an upsurge since 2008 
150 
100 
-60 
-100 
Jen-91 
—PortIola Ekren 12-npanth 
-
Saab ElolarKo 40 tang 
Clinnery *sung. (r* 
J un-95 
Jun-99 
J un03 
Jun-07 
10 
- 1 05 
• 1.00 
- 0.95 
- 090 
-085 
080 
-075 
- 070 
• 065 
- 060 
Jun-11 
Figure 5: Net equity outflows continue unabated 
-40 
.60 
-CO 
Jan9I Jan-94 Jan97Jan00Jan03 J en0S Jan.09 Jimi2 
-Ceneeen 
Fbws Abend 
rosign (*lbws 
—
Mot EquItc ft** 
SOW* Del,  P.-W.I.:ern: 
-20 
-40 
.60 
-CO 
Figure 2: as net FDI outflows continue 
-20 
-40 
Ma -90 Mar-94 
Mar-98 Mar-02 
Mar-C6 
Mar-IC 
—Net FDI 
OulWatl Olga Inassynoms 
-ine.J.t Odra Imestrn. 
-20 
Figure 4: as foreign interest in Canadian securities has 
fallen from record highs 
150 
100 
-100 
-160 
Jan-91 Jen.94Jen97 JentOlan-03 Jan-06J anO9Jan12 
150 
100 
-50 
-100 
-160 
Figure 6: while net debt inflows have started 
moderating from record highs. 
125 
-contemn Fbws £bmee 
Fosorgn Infbwi 
100 i 
—Net 
Debt Fbws 
-25 
-so 
Jen-91 Jan94Jan97 JanaJen03 J an% JanCOJan12 
S.•fiC/1 Ce 
Pern•A 
in)01,..re 
126 
100 
-26 
-50 
-75 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 21 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104752 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250936 
EFTA01449369

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449370.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
United Kingdom (GBP bn) 
Figure 1: The basic balance remains negative 
100 - 
- 
.40 - 
-110 - 
-100 - 
—Besot Selene* 40 sum 
5R‘l.c."3 
,1 
)1( 
Figure 2: Net FDI inflows have turned course 
2.1 
150 
2.0 
100 
1.9 
LB 
1.6 
1.5 
1.4 
-250 - 
L 1.3 
Ma -91 Mar-94 Mar-97Mar-00Mat.C3N1ar.06Msr-09Mar-12 
Figure 3: Portfolio flows remain negative 
—Net Portia lb Nava 
CC  
Portfolio Outlbw 
300 
Portblo Infbw 
200 
100 
-100 
-200 
400 
300 
200 
100 
- .103 
200 
-300 
-300 
Mar-91 Mar-94 Mir.97Mar.CK/Mar.03 1,Asr.06Mar.09Mer-12 
Figure 5: Net holdings of equities 
1000 
700 
400 
100 
-200 
----Net U( Equity Hangs by Foreigners 
Equty IIP 
..... Net Foreign 
-500 
Ma -90Kkar-93 Mar-96Mar-996(tar-02 Mar-05Mar-C8 mar-11 
Sava DO Fa Armee, 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
120( 
900 
600 
330 
-300 
- 
C4 0 utf b ws 
Fp In,bsta 
150 
100 
SO 
SO 
-SO 
-10) 
j i 
.100 
-150 
450 
-203 
-200 
-260 
.260 
Me -91 Mar-94 Mar-97649-00Mar-03 Mar-06 Mer-09694612 
Figure 4: Net equity and net debt positions 
200 
100 
.100 
-200 
-300 
Net E au Iv 4 
—Net Debt lip 
400 
OBRUSCI Oa) 
Ma -90 Mar-93 Min-96 Mat-al KAU.02 Mar-05 Mir-09 Mar-11 
- 2.1 
- 2.t 
- 1.5 
- 1.7 
- 1.f 
- 
1.4 
- 1.3 
Figure 6: Net debt holdings 
(c: 
1130 
1100 
800 
600 
200 
.100 
1.1-4 
71-1.1 H I 
*at Duet P 
—Net Eapeign Wet HAdinob by the UK 
400 
Me .90 Mar-93 Mar-96 Mer-99 Mer-02 Mar-05 Mar-OS Mar-11 
1700 
1400 
1100 
850 
600 
200 
-100 
400 
Page 23 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104754 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250938 
EFTA01449370

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449371.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank CI 
Euro area (EUR 
Figure 1: The basic balance has turned positive... 
200 
103 
-100 
-200 
-300 
-400 
.500 
Feb.01 
Bmle B moue 12-inaren 
-y
USCVEUR 
Feb03 Feb06 Feb07 Feb09 Feb.11 Feb.13 
1.6 
1.5 
1.4 
1.3 
1.2 
1.1 
1.0 
0.9 
Q0 
0.7 
Figure 3: EUR/USD strongly correlated (0.88) with 
bilateral basic balance with the US 
100 
110 
-40 
USD 
— 
Eti lateral Be sic Bs lance, legged (6m) 
EURUSD(th s) 
-93 
.140 
Correlation= 0 ES 
-190 
-240 
Jun-99 Jun01 Ji.n03 JunCS Ji4.07 Juiu:9 Jun41 Jun13 
kw. CO fl  Ry.yay. 4.1CVOS. 
0.80 
1.06 
30 
1.55 
Figure 5: The bilateral basic balance with the US has 
moved in favor of the US recently... 
ISO 
100 
SO 
-93 
-100 
493 
-200 
.250 
Dec-90 
Dec-01 
Sow* OP Fr A•Ndith MP Anita 
--13inonal Baia BOanco 
•••••—. Net Non Toomey Ftw• 
Natal T
o Balance 
Doc-04 
Dec-07 
Dec-10 
160 
100 
SO 
100 
450 
.200 
.250 
Doc-13 
Figure 2: ...as current account surplus outweigh the 
net FDI outflows 
150 
100 -
-
.60 
-100 
-150 
.200 
-260 
-300 
J en-01 
—C 
lot 
to 
t 12 moth 
Met F01 12 month 
Jan43 Jan-05 Jan-07 Jar.09 Jan-11 
E.M.. C.8 FA 
,r. Ary 
100 
-so 
-100 
-150 
-203 
-250 
-300 
Jan-13 
Figure 4: Bilateral basic balance explains 84% of 
EUR/USD movements since inception of the euro 
D3 
I BO 
1.90 
120 
1.00 
FORUM:00.0 0326•90tva1 94nc esurcot. 
.1 129 
Semple I119N16-20079A4 
Ob senentton 17 
vv 
I Mal LARtA13 
200 
I90 
190 
IA 
1.00 
090 
Dee 
inta 
Jan-01 
.1.M:3 
ltn05 
hnO7 
lt"09 hail 
hal 
?rut* C€ PA Pc-Awci+ 
E.rog.v 
Figure 6: ...as US purchases of euro area bonds have 
continued to be replaced by sales 
100 
.20 
-11:0 
Dez-77 
Dec43 
Dec-03 
Dec-96 
Da-01 
Dec-07 
Dec-13 
Sane Deutsche foor 4, 4 VS rrcovin 
— 
Not A.;ency 
IIM Not Compote. 
—1011 rot IA one 
12/A eel Ibett nodes 
• tit
12m MM Pomp. eorott,i 
-20 
400 
Pago 24 
Deutsche Bank AG/Lonclon 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104755 
SDNY_GM_00250939 
EFTA01449371

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449372.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank El 
Australia (AUD 
Figure 1: The basic balance remains positive... 
-10 
-30 
-60 
-70 
-90 
Dec-90 
— 
ame Balance 4Q sum 
Dec-94 
Dec-98 
Cec-a2 Ds-06 
Dec-10 
tauva CV,  A Pwe.m.:t. vb.:ARA 
AUDNED (is) 
. 
Figure 2: 
as net FDI inflows continue to climb 
20 
100 
10 
-26 
060 
050 
Figure 3: Net Portfolio flows have been falling since 
2010 
200 
200 
Mot PortIolb 
160 
160 
Portfblo Outfbw 
120 
Portion) infbw 
120 
so 
so 
ao 
ao 
.40 
.40 
-BO 
-120 
-120 
Jan-91 Jan-94 Jarh-97 Jan-CO Jan03 Jan-06 JanteJs612 
544, Ce. 8& 
knesreelraliSA 
Figure 5: 
and to a lesser extent equities... 
450 
400 
350 
300 
260 
200 
150 
100 
Mar-90 
Not Equly Lubin*, for AU 
Wt AU Envoi Ho ttIngs by Foiwrim 
k
iv
Iat Fossil EbullY Minns OYArlf.120 
Mar-94 
Mar-95 
Mar-02 
Mar-C6 
Mar-10 
:<ut• zefx Poliata,th eOACh 
450 
400 
350 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
—Not FDI 
FOICluelbws 
—F011nlaws 
Jan.91 Jan.94.1sn.97 Jan.
 )8603 Jen.06 Jan.09 isn42 
100 
-26 
.50 
Figure 4: Foreign investors have favored Australian 
debt (negative IIP a liability for AU)... 
SO 
-150 
-260 
-360 
ASO 
-660 
Ma -90 
Wt (baby liP 
—ifio oat HP 
—AUDIUSO frs1 
Mar-94 
Mar-98 
Mart2 Mara 
Mar.10 
10 
090 
080 
070 
0m 
050 
Figure 6: ...with relatively modest purchases by 
Australians of foreign debt 
700 
600 -
600 
ECO • 
4110 -
3C0 
200 
100 
Mar-90 
—lint 
Debt Labiate; lot AU 
— 
No AU Qat itticIngs by Farr, 
Nu Fain Ot bt Hotlings by Sus 
Mar-94 
Mar-98 
Mar-al 
Mar-06 
Mir-10 
rfa nPerW" 
4e,  • A -,
601 
501 
401 
301 
201 
1C( 
Page 26 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104757 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250941 
EFTA01449372

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449373.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank O 
Figure 7: Nominal CRB and World IP Growth 
lb 
-6 
.10 
, t7.1 Jan-92 Jan-96 Jan-913 Jar701 Jan-04 Jen-01 Jan-10 18r1.13 
Figure 9: Long•run Relationship- Nominal CRB 
Ln 
TV 
co
Wartl 
ra:o 043 
6J fd•-v„ 
rsi 
Ase 
• 
; 
Iran 
TIN ttrrAICAll rm. 
4.8 
8 
Jan-86 Ja088 Jen-92 Jan-96 Jan-68 Jan-OI Jan-04 Jul-01 .0n-10 74013 
f‘44:4 0448746o. $44,
Figure 11: RBA Commodity Price Index (Nominal) and 
AUD/USD 
1 
-AUD 
noel 
if
R8.4 Correroomi Pero lnao ftbS) 
88 90 92 94 
98 03 02 04 06 013 
12 
Figure 8: Nominal CRB and the Dollar 
Ln 
6.3 
6.9 
6.7 
In 
420 
430 
440 
450 
460 
20 
6J  
Jan-86 Jan-89 Jan-92 Jan-96 Jan-Se Jan-01 Jan-04 Jan-07 Jan-10 Jan-13 
Figure 10: Long-run Relationship- Oil 
Figure 12: Long-run Relationship.AUD/USD 
175 
0.3 
150 
0.1 
125 
-0 1 
100 
-0 3 
-0 5 
-0.7 
Long Run Retabonaly 
• 
Long•run etastIc 
Ccolm0: 1111/ P1C0 0.4 
US GDP: 43.48 
93 92 94 96 99 00 02 04 OS 08 10 12 
0.3 
0.1 
-0.1 
-0.3 
-0.5 
-0.7 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 29 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104760 
SDNY_GM_00250944 
EFTA01449373

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449374.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449374.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 13: ANZ Commodity Price Index (Nominal) and 
NZD/USD 
86 
0.80 
0.75 
0.70 
ens 
000 
065 
060 
046 
0.40 
0.36 
260 
200 
160 
100 
90 92 94 96 93 00 02 04 08 06 10 12 
Doo100.6Aw HAM 
Figure 15: BoC Commodity Price Index (Nominal) and 
CAD/USD 
10 
00 
000 
000 
070 
00 
—CAD 
It 
RAC Corrine oty 
Pilot INICX 
ft
lk o j 
88 90 92 04 
80 00 02 04 08 00 10 12 
- 000 
000 
700 
-0 10 
000 
SCO 
400 
430 
303 
Long- tun olestleltlec 
200 
Commcddy Vice 0 13 
,060 
GDP 1 32 
Figure 14: Long-run Relationship-NZD/USD 
0.2 
0.0 
-0.2 
-0.4 
-1.0 
92 
Seine Notre. Bet Ha". 
Figure 16: Long-run Relationship-CAD/USD 
010 
CAD 
LOKI flue Ile•a*Any 
Figure 17: BoC Non-Energy Commodity Price Index 
(Nominal) and CAD/USD 
t 
Elf 
OS 
0.20 
▪ ato 
▪ 0.00 
410 
Figure 18: BoC Energy Commodity Price Index 
(Nominal) and CAD/USD 
Oh 
h. 
800 
1.00 
04C 1100-E84417, Convnodity Pace Index 
100 
oas 
600 
095 
0.90 
0.90 
ass 
400 
0.85 
0.80 
0.80 
300 
0.76 
0.75 
0.70 
0.70 
200 
066 
006 
0.60 
100 
060 
68 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Sawa Deudow Sem irve-
C.A1). h. 
tioC roomy Commodity Pm* index 
88 90 92 94 98 96 00 02 04 05 08 10 
SOVV) COVISCP4 gie A . SiNt.
2100 
1830 
1100 
103 
Page 30 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104761 
SDNY_GM_00250945 
EFTA01449374

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449375.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Figure 19: RBA Commodity Price (Nominal) 
160 • 
126 • 
100 • 
• 
RBA Commodity Price index Moment,
OS 88 93 92 94 96 98 03 02 04 06 08 10 12 
S;Vie rksvirche 92
 liner 
Figure 21: ANZ Commodity Price (Nominal) 
230- 
210 - 
190 -
170 
150 -
130 
110 
9) 
88 90 
Figure 20: RBA Commodity Price (Real) 
4.25 
375 
3.5 
326 
2.75 
2.5 
92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
SS 88 
i•mror r..ovorxe Oro nix - 
25 
75 
25 
75 
Figure 22: ANZ Commodity Price (Real) 
'NZ C 
(1 
na 
rpm,
230 
210 
6 
Average
193 
170 
150 
1X) 
110 
94 96 98 03
04 06 08 
12 
Figure 23: BoC Commodity Price (Nominal) 
1000 
800 
600 
400 
200 
BeC Cornmea it, 
note index 
riomnat 
Aver.4?-
ve 
1000 
800 
ix00 
400 
200 
88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
.9),XCP AMA?. Nate, Arno 
P e inn, (Ree6 
ugP
Vpd
.g429/ 
88 93 92 94 
98 00 02 
08 10 12 
Fprime Nurses a.•a. plat 
4,8 
4.6 
4.2 
Figure 24: BoC Commodity Price (Real) 
88 
BoC Commodity Once Index 
iRea0 
Average 
- 
Lima( trondlin• 
'I = -36•05:4+ 6.3235 
FP.0.1719 
• 5.8 
• 6.6 
• 6.4 
• 6.2 
92 94 
98 00 02 04 06 08 10 12 
Soya. CP4t4sose 0444 temp, 
4.8 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 31 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104762 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250946 
EFTA01449375

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449376.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank El 
Fig 7: Export volumes have remained below trend 
since 2001 
4.5 
Fig 8: Export volume deviations from trend 
strongly correlated with moving average of dollar 
valwtion 
L/507kvi 
/ion Ts.4 
420 
winette0 
44o,Evoto.Otwor. 00017101010n0 
41S 
410 
006 
000 
005 
010 
016 
Conebion - -04) 
020 
Fig 9: A brief end to the dollar upsurge seems to 
have boosted export volume growth 
-20 
Jan-94 
Jan-98 
Jan-02 
Jan06 
Jan-10 
nacaSzteato bans to fuer 
4.30 
4.40 
4.50 
4.60 
4.70 
4.80 
Fig 11: Import price inflation has followed the 
dollar 
7
 \ V
 -ri
ll \ 
-10 
-15 
-20 
Jan-94 
Jan-98 
—1)54981104,marted0rts) 
•
Impolt Pic' 
I 
I 
In 
026 
020 
015 
010 
005 
000 
005 
10 
415 
420 
025 
Fig 10: The recent sharp increase in import price 
inflation has tapered off during the past few 
months 
• 
• 
5• 
-5 
-10 
-15 
-20 - 
Jana. 
—animaVolum 
Impoit Price 0h4) 
SONY LkeaStream Darrso`t 2.'* 
Jan-04 
Jan-08 
Jan-12 
.3 
-13 
-18 
Fig-12: Import volume growth has generally been 
highly correlated with US domestic demand 
growth 
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
Jan94 
••••••5-nporlVolime 
US 'Piths) 
Jan-98 
Jan-02 
01/15IRWO. Daman Fri 
sonny OgoSat•on Deutsche 84,11 
Jan46 
Jan-10 
S 
-5 
-10 
-15 
Page 34 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104765 
SDNY_GM_00250949 
EFTA01449376

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449377.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Fig 13: U.S. Exports and Imports of Goods and Services (Balance of Payments Basis) (last 13 months) 
Units 
Dec 
2011 
Jan 
2011 
Feb 
2011 
Mar 
2012 
Apr 
2012 
May 
2012 
Jun 
2012 
Jul 
2012 
Aug 
2012 
Sep 
2012 
Oct 
2012 
Nov 
2012 
Dec 
2012 
Exports 
tUSS On.) 
177.8 
178.6 
180.2 
184.7 
182.5 
183.1 
185.5 
183.3 
181.5 
187.1 
180.6 
182.5 
186.4 
Imports 
(USS bn.) 
229.5 
230.9 
224.7 
236.4 
232.2 
230.1 
226.5 
225.0 
224.2 
227.5 
222.8 
231.1 
224.9 
Trade Balance 
(USS bn.) 
-51.7 
-52.3 
-44.6 
-51.7 
-49.7 
-47.0 
-40.9 
-41.7 
-42.7 
-40.4 
-42.2 
-48.6 
-38.5 
Export & Import Growth 
Exports 
(y-o-y%l 
/4% 
83% 
8.2% 
6.0% 
3.9% 
4.2% 
1.5% 
2.8% 
1.1% 
3.6% 
1.0% 
3.3% 
4.9% 
Imports 
(y-cnr%l 
11.3% 
7.1% 
6.3% 
7.9% 
5.9% 
3.0% 
1.6% 
0.5% 
0.5% 
1.1% 
-0.7% 
2.5% 
-2.0% 
Growth Ditterential 
-3.9% -0.8% 
1.8% 
-1.9% -20% 
1.2% 
5.9% 
2.3% 
1.3% 
2.5% 
1.8% 
0.8% 
6.8% 
Fig 14: U.S. Export and Import Orders (ISM Survey) (last 13 months) 
Units 
Jan 
2010 
Feb 
2011 
Mar 
2012 
Apr 
2012 
May 
2012 
Jun 
2012 
Jul 
2012 
Aug 
2012 
Sep 
2012 
Oct 
2011 
Nov 
2012 
Dec 
2012 
Jan 
2013 
Export Orders 
(index' 
52.0 
53.0 
55.0 
59.5 
54.0 
59.0 
53.5 
47.5 
46.5 
47.0 
48.5 
48.0 
47.0 
Import Orders 
(indext 
49.0 
54.0 
52.5 
54.0 
53.5 
53.5 
53.5 
53.5 
50.5 
49.0 
49.5 
475 
48.0 
Exp.-Imp. Orders 
3.0 
-1.0 
2.5 
5.5 
0.5 
5.5 
0.0 
.6.0 
-4.0 
-2.0 
-1.0 
0.5 
-1.0 
Fig 15: Regional Breakdown of U.S. Trade Balance (USS bn.) (1998.20101 
2000 
2001 
2002 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
Canada 
-51.9 
-52.8 
-48.2 
-51.7 
-66.5 
-78.5 
-71.8 
-68.2 
-78.3 
-21.6 
-28.5 
-34.5 
-31.8 
Mexico 
-24.6 
-30.0 
-37.1 
-40.6 
-45.2 
-49.9 
-64.5 
-74.8 
-64.7 
-47.8 
-66.4 
-64.5 
-61.3 
brazil 
1.5 
1.4 
-3.4 
-6/ 
-/.3 
-9.1 
-7.5 
-1.5 
1.8 
6.0 
11.5 
11.2 
11.6 
Western Europe 
-59.4 
-64.8 
-88.4 
-98.9 
-112.8 -125.6 -118.5 -109.0 
-93.9 
-61.1 
-60.8 
-63.2 
-66.4 
Germany 
-29.1 
-29.1 
-35.9 
-39.3 
-45.8 
-50.6 
-47.9 
-44.7 
-43.0 
-28.2 
-34.3 
-49.5 
-59.7 
U.K 
-1.8 
-0.7 
-7.5 
-9.0 
-10.4 
-12.5 
-8.1 
-6.9 
-5.0 
-1.8 
-1.4 
4.6 
-0.1 
Japan 
-81.6 
-69.0 
-/0.0 
-66.0 
-/6.2 
-83.3 
-WI 
-84.3 
-/4.1 
-44.1 
48.1 
-63.2 
-16.3 
China 
-83.8 
-83.1 
-103.1 -124.1 -162.3 -202.3 -234.1 -258.5 -268.0 -226.9 -273.1 -295.4 -315.1 
Hong Kong 
3.1 
4.4 
3.3 
4.7 
6.5 
7.5 
9.8 
12.9 
15.0 
17.5 
22.3 
32.0 
32.0 
South Korea 
-12.5 
-13.0 
-13.0 
-13.2 
-20.0 
-16.2 
-13.6 
-13.2 
-13.4 
-10.6 
-10.0 
-13.2 
-16.6 
Singapore 
-1.4 
2./ 
1.4 
1.4 
4.0 
5.4 
6.1 
7.2 
1.2.0 
6.5 
11.6 
12.1 
10.3 
Taiwan 
-16.1 
-15.3 
-13.8 
-14.2 
-13.0 
-13.2 
-15.5 
-12.4 
-11.4 
-9.9 
-9.8 
-15.5 
-14.6 
U.S. Total 
-4773.8 4500.8 -5071.2 -5782.8 -7067.4 -8290.8 -13814.4 -8579.2 -8820.5 -5469.5 -69oa2 -7854.6 -7881.2 
Sowct Dadr~ 00ttik 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 35 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104766 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250950 
EFTA01449377

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449378.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank CI 
U.S Exports-Imports by Commodity 
Fig 16: U.S. Trade Balance Excluding China & 
US$ Lit • amps, 
U 
-5 
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
-35 
199.1 1995 1996 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Ann ual CUSS brc I Olnel 
Source' DataSteam 
-50 
-100 
.150 
-200 
-250 
-300 
-350 
403 
Fig 18: U.S. Trade Balance - Petroleum Products 
U 
.5
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
-30 
-35 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Seurte aStaStream 
Fig 17: U.S. Trade Balance — Advanced Technology 
11M11.1x4h1,405$ On I 
1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Sovece• DataSvea-n 
Fig 19: U.S. Trade Balance - Consumer Goods 
U 
-50 
-50 
-1C0 
-100 
-150 
-200 
-19D 
-250 
-300 
-20 
.250 
.350 
C
Morclnly IUSS ton c 
302. 
-400 
031119 
450 
Annual ViSS Vol Wee) 
350 
-500 
.35 
403 
Fig 20: U.S. Trade Balance - Capital Goods 
f/Orichly CUSS bn I tbarsi 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Source: Datatreem 
AnnualIt/SS Ian I Onel 
-10 
-20 
-30 
1961 1996 1996 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Source: DateStreem 
Fig 21: U.S. Trade Balance - Industrial Supplies 
-5 
-10 
-15 
-20 
-25 
Mon NN MSS bv 
-30 
(ben) 
-35 
Annual CUSS On. 1 line) 
-40 
-45 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
SOWN: DateSuarn 
-50 
-250 
300 
-350 
400 
450 
Page 36 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104767 
SDNY_GM_00250951 
EFTA01449378

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449379.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Fig 22: U.S. Trade Balance — Automotive 
-2 
.4
-6
-8
-10 
•12 
-14 
-16 
(US$ bn I lbws,
AnnuanUSSbn )** 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2000 2008 2010 2012 
Source: DaraStream 
-20 
-40 
-60 
-80 
-100 
•120 
-140 
-160 
-190 
Fig 23: U.S. Trade Balance - Food & Beverages 
1./oninbit.ISS bn10348/ 
2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
1994 1996 1998 
Source: DataSueam 
AnnuenuSS 661 One/ 
-5 
-10 
-Is 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 37 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104768 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250952 
EFTA01449379

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449380.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 0 
U.S. Bilateral Trade Balances by Country & Region 
Fig 24: U.S. Trade Balance with China 
.10 
-lb 
-20 
-25 
-30 
1994 1996 19913 
MorchhyD/SS I)^. 
lbars1 
 Annual105S bn 
line) 
2000 2002 2004 2006 20 
2010 2012 
Source: OatsSenn, 
-100 
•150 
-200 
250 
-300 
Fig 26: U.S. Trade Balance with the Pacific Rim 
China and .Japan'' 
LOSS b8.1(bats) 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2032 2004 2036 20013 2010 2012 
Source: DataStream 
A880411055 WI licsi 
-IS 
-25 
.35 
-45 
.55 
-85 
Fig 28: U.S. Trade Balance with Western Europe 
iMoilthlf 1US$ On Meg 
-2 
.4 
-0 
-8 
-10 
-12 
-14 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Source: DeteStream 
Page 33 
Annual fuss on 
-20 
-40 
-CO 
-80 
-100 
-120 
-140 
Fig 25 . U.S. Trade Balance with Japan 
Sow Co IlareSt nom 
Fig 27: U.S. Trade Balance with OPEC 
1996 1996 2000 2002 2004 2006 2038 2010 2012 
-40 
-120 
-100 
-200 
Source: DataStreem 
Fig 29: U.S. Trade Balance with Canada 
-2 
-e 
-e 
-10 
Monthly SISSbn.1 
lhatral 
-10 
-20 
-30 
-40 
-60 
-60 
Annually% bn 
-80 
One/ 
-12 
-90 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2009 2010 2012 
Source: DereStreem 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104769 
SDNY_GM_00250953 
EFTA01449380

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449381.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Fig 30: U.S. Trade Balance with Mexico 
-2 
-4 
-5 
-e, 
-7 
•8
MonlMV NU nn ..! 
-nnual1U9Ibn10801 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 
Source. DaraStream 
-10 
-20 
-1 
-2 
-50 
-3 
-70 
-5 
1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 
Fig 31: U.S. Trade Balance with Latin America 
ttttttttt~Monlnit IUSS bn 
tars) 
Anew/6110n WI 1111701 
U.S Current-Account Balance Monitor 
Source DateStream 
2036 2036 2010 2012 
-10 
-20 
-30 
.40 
-50 
Fig 1: U.S. Current-Account Balance 
Fig 2: U.S. Savings and Investment 
Prt‘ ate & Gove•nrror1 Sector Savnir..Inveslment,
-1.0 
-3.0 
-5 0 
-10 
-30 
-50 
-70 a 
L -70 
Ma -01 Mar-85 Mar49 Mar-93 Mar-97 Mar-01 Ma005 Mar-09 Ma •13 
Source: DreaStrearn 
L././ tSccan8abnaa 
1200 
6C0 
400 
4203 
1200 
COO 
400 
4200 
-1930 I 
L -1803 
Ma -81 Mar-85 Mar49 Mar-93 Mar-97 Mar-01 Mar-05 Mar-09 Ma -13 
Source: DetaStreern 
Fig 3: U.S. Current-Account Balance (last 13 quarters) (USS Billions) 
200904 200901 201002 201003 201004 201001 201102 201103 201104 201101 201202 201203 2012 
Balance on Goods 
.128.9 
-143.3 
-1525 
-164.6 
-166.9 
-161.1 
-181.4 
-187.2 
-1806 
-189.3 
-194.3 
-185.7 
Balance on Services 
31.4 
34.8 
34.6 
37.0 
37.7 
41.1 
44.1 
45.6 
45.8 
43.0 
45.9 
48.3 
Salon Goods & Services 
-97.4 
-1085 
-118.0 
-127.7 
-129.1 
-120.0 
-137.2 
-141.5 
-134.8 
-146.3 
-1484 
-137.4 
Investment Income 
34.7 
38.1 
41.6 
47.7 
47.8 
46.8 
52.5 
56.2 
585 
59.9 
47.4 
52.1 
untater al Translate 
-32.9 
-30.3 
-34.7 
-31.7 
-33.2 
-31.5 
-35.2 
-33.8 
31.8 
-32.2 
32.7 
-32.7 
Sal on Curie/it Account 
-95.7 
-100.7 
-111.0 
-111.7 
-1146 
-104.7 
-120.0 
-1191 
-108.2 
-118.7 
-1336 
-118.1 
lannuakted, es % of GOP) 
-2.7% 
-2.9% 
-3.1% 
-3.1% 
-3.1% 
-2.8% 
-3.2% 
-37% 
-2.9% 
-3.1% 
-3.5% 
-3.0% 
Source: DataStstram 
-173.9 
49.4 
-124.5 
50.8 
-33.8 
-107.5 
-2.7% 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 39 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104770 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250954 
EFTA01449381

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449382.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank El 
Figure 13: In EM, the main driver of reserve growth has 
been intervention (in USD bn) 
2700 
2300 
1900 
1500 
11% 
700 
303 
Total rum., m Ebt ra wr,ut lows, '9'15 
Toni quinsy Omni. 
—Total roduabn dims* 
2703 
3300 
1900 
1500 
1100 
700 
300 
ico 
-100 
1999 2001 2002 2004 2005 2007 2008 2010 2011 
$o.o CO A Reisoch 
Figure 15: First active diversification, then leaning 
against the wind 
DliOnsill Oben 
Camp%a EIJINSO is in tel 
Leaning 
against the 
ne 
-10 
BEM 
sea a ma paha*, - EUR shaatfri to; 01np 
210)122 MOO 243301 20)404 HO 02 1taras now 
Swam CO RR IMF. Ce FX 
•225 
-175 
-125 
-75 
-25 
125 
Figure 14: In EM, the dollar share fell steadily during 
2002-04 then stabilized 
to 
so 
— 
US Sian 
Enos 
—
Yen 
— 
goring 
— 9nba Frio< 
--- Otto, Coo news 
2000 2002 2003 2005 2006 2008 2009 2011 
Son CO, EN ‘vs Era ry 
2012 
Figure 16: China has steadily diversified away from USD 
since 2004 (our estimates) 
us: en 
so 
•
•Slmts elV50 mOmarXClosevet 
Fleiervesm USD br. 
000 
700 
1000 
Iwo 
F 1000 
IF 900 
t0 
lut.40 Ott-99 .111.01 Dtt-02 .1urPOd 000.05 Jun-09 Ott-09 .un-10 Dtt-11 Jun.10 
US IV Sta 09 tx Roseith 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 43 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104774 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250958 
EFTA01449382

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449383.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
Additional information available upon request 
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on a security mentioned in this report, please see 
the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at 
com.ae•:disclosure:DisclosureDirectorv.edsr.
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, the 
undersigned lead analysts) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in 
this report. Bilal Hafeez 
CreditBuy ("C-B"): The total return of the Reference 
Credit Instrument (bond or CDS) is expected to 
outperform the credit spread of bonds CDS of other 
issuers operating in similar sectors or rating categories 
over the next six months. 
CreditHold ("C-H"): The credit spread of the 
Reference Credit Instrument (bond or CDS) is expected 
to perform in line with the credit spread of bonds / CDS 
of other issuers operating in similar sectors or rating 
categories over the next six months. 
CreclitSell ("CS"): The credit spread of the Reference 
Credit Instrument (bond or CDS) is expected to 
underperform the credit spread of bonds / CDS of other 
issuers operating in similar sectors or rating categories 
over the next six months. 
CreditNoRec ("C-NR"): We have not assigned a 
recommendation to this issuer. Any references to 
valuation are based on an issuer's credit rating. 
Reference Credit Instrument ("RCI"): The Reference 
Credit Instrument for each issuer is selected by the 
analyst as the most appropriate valuation benchmark 
(whether bonds or Credit Default Swaps) and is detailed 
in this report. Recommendations on other credit 
instruments of an issuer may differ from the 
recommendation on the Reference Credit Instrument 
based on an assessment of value relative to the 
Reference Credit Instrument which might take into 
account other factors such as differing covenant 
language, coupon steps, liquidity and maturity. The 
Reference Credit Instrument is subject to change, at the 
discretion of the analyst. 
Page 44 
Deutsche Bank AGkonclon 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104775 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250959 
EFTA01449383

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449384.pdf
----------------------------------------
February 2013 
Exchange Rate Perspectives 
Deutsche Bank 
Regulatory Disclosures 
1. Important Additional Conflict Disclosures 
Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://gm.db.com/equities under the 
Disclosures Lookup' and 'Legal' tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing. 
2. Short-Term Trade Ideas 
Deutsche Bank equity research analysts sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas (known as SOLAR ideas) that are 
consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term ratings. These trade ideas can be found at the SOLAR 
link at httitham.db.com.
3. Country-Specific Disclosures 
Australia and New Zealand: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 'wholesale clients' within the meaning 
of the Australian Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively. 
Brazil: The views expressed above accurately reflect personal views of the authors about the subject companylies) and 
its(their) securities, including in relation to Deutsche Bank. The compensation of the equity research analyst(s) is indirectly 
affected by revenues deriving from the business and financial transactions of Deutsche Bank. In cases where at least one 
Brazil based analyst (identified by a phone number starting with +55 country code) has taken part in the preparation of this 
research report, the Brazil based analyst whose name appears first assumes primary responsibility for its content from a 
Brazilian regulatory perspective and for its compliance with CVM Instruction # 483. 
EU countries: Disclosures relating to our obligations under MiFiD can be found at 
http://www.qlobalmarkets.db.corivriskdisclosures.
Japan: Disclosures under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law: Company name - Deutsche Securities Inc. 
Registration number - Registered as a financial instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) 
No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, The Financial Futures Association of 
Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association. This report is not meant to solicit the purchase of specific financial 
instruments or related services. We may charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice, products 
and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal and other 
losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before deciding on the 
purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures, prospectuses and 
other documentation. 'Moody's', "Standard & Poore. and 'Fitch' mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating 
agencies in Japan unless "Japan" or 'Nippon' is specifically designated in the name of the entity. 
Malaysia: Deutsche Bank AG and/or its affiliate(s) may maintain positions in the securities referred to herein and may from 
time to time offer those securities for purchase or may have an interest to purchase such securities. Deutsche Bank may 
engage in transactions in a manner inconsistent with the views discussed herein. 
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, any 
appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Risks to Fixed Income Positions 
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise to 
pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor that is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows), 
increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss. The 
longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the loss. Upside 
surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse macroeconomic 
shocks to receivers. But counterpany exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation (including changes in 
assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain 
currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing 
houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed income instruments to macroeconomic 
shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates -
these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the index fixings may - by construction - lag or mis-
measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is 
particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e.. coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest 
rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is also important to acknowledge that funding in a currency that 
differs from the currency in which the coupons to be received are denominated carries FX risk. Naturally, options on swaps 
(swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements. 
Deutsche Bank AG/London 
Page 45 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104776 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250960 
EFTA01449384

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449385.pdf
----------------------------------------
David Folkerts-Landau 
Managing Director 
Global Head of Research 
Marcel Cassard 
Global Head 
CB&S Research 
Ralf Hoffmann & Bernhard Speyer 
Co-Heads 
Research 
Guy Ashton 
Chief Operating Officer 
Research 
Richard Smith 
Accnruste Director 
Equity Research 
Asia-Pacific 
Germany 
Americas 
Fergus Lynch 
Regional Head 
Andreas Neubauer 
Regional Head 
Steve Pollard 
Regional Head 
Principal Locations 
Deutsche Bank AG 
London 
Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2E0 
Tel 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Frankfurt 
Gro0e Gallusstralle 10-14 
60272 Frankfurt arn Main 
German
Tel 
Deutsche Bank Dubai 
Dubai international Financial Centre 
The Gate. West 'Deng. Level 3 
P.O. Box 504 902 
Dubai City 
Tel 
Deutsche Bank AG 
New York 
Was Street 
New York. NY 10005 
Tel: 
Deutsche Bank Ltd. 
Aurora business park 
bld 2 Sadovnicheskaya street 
Moscow, 115035 
Russia 
Tel: 
Deutsch* Bank AG 
Hong Kong 
Foiale Hongkong 
Intl. Commerce Centre 
Austin Road West Kowloon. 
tel
Deutsch* Bank AG 
Singapore 
One Raffles Quay 
South Tower 
Singapore 048583 
Tel. 
Deutsch. Securities Inc. 
Japan 
2-11-1 Nagatacho 
Sanno Park Tower 
Chwoda-ku, Tokyo 1004171 
Tel 
Deutsch* Bank AG 
Australia 
Deutsche Bank Place, Level 16 
Comer of Hunter & Phillip Streets 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Tel.
Publication Address: 
Deutsche Bank AG 
London 
Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2E0 
Tel: 
Internet 
httPllgmr.db.ccen 
Ask your usual contact for a 
usemarne and password.
Global Disclaimer 
Wane:on end opt».• A 114 Neal Awe propaNd q Gwawno Ea AG a nol 
of &notes Mcilaw*S3ouswe Gal 
The ~ration 
Torah n toion>d b bet relit* an1 rot ban ~NO 
Yon NO< tone! taroxi u to relit* Owen EA* ~my n> Atewesunca AI loge 
aSArMy a 0>enwoorsc• of moray/AMIGA 
D.:UAW) Eats ray 0104•14 n 0Xurtk4 itetnaCIAAA ML teCTIOW, b%4 
aMAM-41s lb wow« blinhent 
ynch the Amv raixo Uf t frowewn 
Inc.! In ~AA 
anti "AM DmAcho aMt. twfulfm >Yawl. sod WM 1411, Miry taio • yes Mt n Mane 
WM 1141 Ian • INA 
Arran town 
CMY.M. ot (*Ws the ~tan 
AG. "Kw Ayr/na tr. trio, ~Ma 
td IM outia m el th•alo c< W4 MOO That 00 Me ri•Olsilli• 
»KC WO Opréa4 a DGAM/O bat MO <ro aUGAM to <ha» AMIGA suite ISWWWO %At fa n>X4MKAA w Maa& ~fly 01~0 
OW 
Inc.! or A> arynWs• retry • NA tor. towel A Wo Mn WM Me nArAW, lor•Cmi a <FlrMfn *A MAO Moth char; a ~Mk 
b00)~ 
Amway Arno' NO avaleL4Cy 
inalS~Cc in> taitpzi to Mang. et has Acts., Tit ispat e pWeilia e”irel~puttxoa, 
aft If 
if O)1 an aim 
Si. WAWA*, M N env A> Isw o MO ah* freda Amnon% a w teffAata A any painote fl ing watopv WO« OW« Mt 
ntoram onnw<44 and a ;taw-et tun am 
~of 
romp ..c
o.
i•
 tams an cony A* ad ten na lo afa~or• ra YI dirdo PaolOMOnty N West 4~0 
INAWIOM Ter Vol 410 MAN 
Han ~al 
Goat. tO...in)t4 »IlOwey 
'<woo taw» 
ntm can be )ubito enJ irs 4.0fret Co Wye lowelbms. G 
oths a ~Nemec 
MK to erroo.io by ~AIWA Iran /M104, rout% ~USA NOW* «.»MW, p011iCM lM NISAMOry mots. ten 
*wiry ird »id miaow 
<Nnam A edam raw esi 
wwwwm AA, to si
a wawalM 
<mwerreni nowel emherw. coax whols 00.10 reoWay mw 
Mips 
Si pm cuenny CioyA 
mowwwid 10 man IMruM,npTMJ1nH11nM1 oniYA Valhi ~Wan NM MMIcer•AW 4 Oct 11000MMA 
fulican. 
liwro ttwAt Coaoto Bank ma AIM ~2 
AXulet WAWA ty 
IOWA 501 t001 WI Ina CuttOnlen. On p~04n AKA end 
WYWYot 
40nif A Wooing TO tml•W O parlay 
bow 
UOV4 00•41nro Its tromfm <AA:now al tawactow Ward M,NcaaJ,labQh 
Wwischo Row Salty inn Know« note Ankh:tab In 
Mt US I hi nlynal ItAtteol•WW 041.0.101W Onithe Gail Sacar)« IM.lneneNa the NYSE Tie GAG> WA *id "UPC in Cann, Um 
WOOM1 it Wpf0MJaCt Carrtenia00 Or 00•Mh> On AG %WW1 cutna0Cd to We OKA In the LALof fans!~ nt wan o mwoi.od 
~milk 
erti by dumb* Pont AG Ioia, 
o rwAt« 
GsnoN Kk F 
.9• 
ritAtal by IM ~I 
Seven Adlf" 
la Kw 
~La 
<0 Veoznvat barat 
A Tie Lx 
witratad by te ed.. Aft swot • asetUal n Hay Kam by IS(Amay Bait AG. May• Kam 
(WOW A Lap br WAWA* Sen1Wet AYW CO Tie Noon If WSW*, in Gn9trom by ~who 
G•0: AG. Stow, 
Enincrf a Dpitxt* 
AWAG• Lela SfrA4 GniatOm era& Yd NCO~ 
GOSOW4 atilt retort YOB caic, DOAM/As East AG, Snyafo pa«. a “amis. 
Swims ••• Amon Gomm" Branch A ~Ha 
a a 
mullet AWN kw a in sanecieas met Ili! mom Www iHi wpm h wad a 
firceijotainSepacao lo a tenon Mil s MR en traSaftel ~W. 
Catec WALLY & nrAtut~ enema W. .Awd nn0 ~cab» Ss•mon> 
bra firvl tagWriOnil Owiyte Pa AG ~asthma
, or Damh• SowmAl Ale lintel SAmoom Brown •wwis komi rmiAratlity /oath 
KAM. la Um AnSaw a  in,  i4.4" 
Jay.. tnt (µa10 «Waal att.. ~buts] 
is bmscao Sautes to ne inkonawnwmazi n 
'own d% Ma conn0/0 Tor rronsAn OI wwwani *AA* A *Ain% moon Gas Moult caw • <ay of • Prwlmi >Won,/ Agana WIGS> 
NW row a. ~41 
~CI 
CC%,,,t40 tJ n 1154 MpOC li b pY41Yl to PPG taw rap 
GAot m YOU "rice/ to astute 
pmdmi 
Dwiv1.0 Bets LC mi.weraxto It ,meoponitd an !to r<0.0.1 Rank 
NANA Mirth Momiir 'Ana 
n SCoIllh Ohra ipacoremcs 
A41:1~ mar matcn GAtneto yaistmy ar« legibOC1~ 
a rams ors:owei in we: mfocrt 4 atom~ 
tow« RC AmAS may NC A> 
9•MWIAWAI Wit 2.10,10. aXénwed 
ary cononsa my [rmiesArm/ Coulters &MA v‘a Ann«, <Aiwa Now 
ioume Mon warp 
~et 
2013 Deingelm Batik AO 
GRCM2013PROD028390 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250961 
DB-SDNY-0104777 
EFTA01449385

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449386.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449386.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Markets Research 
United States 
Periodical 
US Equity Insights 
reasons not to fear a 3%+ 10yr yield 
1600 should be good support even if 10yr treasury yields go a little over 3% 
As discussed last week, we are increasingly tolerant of higher treasury yields 
given the coincident climb in the euro and oil prices. Treasury yield 
normalization poses little threat to S&P EPS provided euro and oil prices prove 
resilient. Our view that the chief risk to EPS from higher yields is via FX and 
commodity prices is sometimes challenged by investors who see other threats 
to EPS from higher interest rates, such as interest expense, or threats to the 
S&P's valuation. This note gives a few reasons to discount these concerns. 
Interest expense is relatively small and likely overpoweied by pension swings 
Net interest expense at S&P 500 non-financials is likely under S150bn in 2013, 
which after-tax is roughly $10 of EPS. Essentially all of the $2trn in net debt at 
non-financials is now long-term debt because cash is more than double short-
term debt and companies have been using more long-term debt in their debt 
mix. Usually 10-15% of long-term debt rolls over each year and much of it is 
still rolling to lower rates. But, if we assume that 15% of long-term debt rolls to 
a rate 100bp higher the hit to 2014 S&P EPS would be -$0.25. If we assume 
that the effective interest rate rises 200bp on all non-financial net debt the hit 
to S&P EPS is about $3, but if this occurs it would play out over several years. 
Pension expense at S&P non-financials is likely to fall more than an increase in 
borrowing costs as long-term yields rise, particularly through 2015. The 
improved pension funding we expect at 2013 end should provide a -$2 benefit 
to S&P EPS in 2014. If yields rise another 100bp at 2014 end it would eliminate 
deficits and provide another -$2 S&P EPS boost in 2015 (not in our estimates). 
Pension expense declines would likely stop at this point even if yields climbed 
higher because of likely shifts in pension asset allocations. This would cause 
some pension drag from lower ROA assumptions, but all considered lower 
pension expense should offset higher long-term borrowing rates. 
Financial earnings will likely benefit from higher treasury yields and eventually 
higher short-term interest rates. Thus, we see little threat to overall S&P EPS. 
A IS foiwaid PC wouldn't be threatened until 10yr yields were well over 4% 
Assuming a fair S&P 500 equity risk premium of 4% (historically 3-4%), it 
would likely require a 10yr treasury yield of -5% or a 10yr TIPS yield over 2% 
to threaten the fairness of a -'15 forward PE on normalized S&P EPS. However, 
such an increase in long-term interest rates would significantly amplify US 
fiscal risk. Thus, it is important that any such climb in yields be slow and over 
multiple years, while the deficit is further tamed and housing strengthened. 
Treasury yields x:  cooeed the dividend yield, but won't grovy like dividends 
Dividend yields like earnings yields represent real yields. Expected inflation 
must be added to these observed yields in order to compare them to nominal 
interest rates. The 10yr TIPS yield provides a comparable real interest rate, 
which at 0.75% suggests that EPS and DPS yields remain very attractive. The 
S&P's indicated dividend yield is 2.1% and we expect DPS growth to be -15% 
next year and at least 6% thereafter. This suggests an offered long-term 
nominal return on S&P ownership over 8% with the ability of that offered 
nominal return to adjust for inflation variations over the long term. 
August 2013 
David Bianco 
Strategist 
(.1 
f+1)-
david.bianco@db.com priya.harianiadb.com 
Strategist 
Ju Wang 
Strategist 
1.11 
lu.wang@sh.giam 
S&P 500 key EOM:We; 
Price 
1660 
Next 5%. move Uncertain 
2013E 
2014E 
2015E 
Year-end Target 
1675 
1850 
2000 
EPS 
SIO0 
$115 
$120 
Target P/E 
15.4x 
16.1x 
16.7x 
Current P/E 
15.2x 
14.4x 
13.8x 
DPS 
$36 
$40 
$45 
Sane' ONOCIPOSInt
Rigatoni' IOC snit fewlith 
Dale 
Good signals from yields. euro 
Aug 2013 
and oil 
S&P 500 Pensions: End of 
Jul 2013 
cycles? 
Multi-year path to PE expansion 
Jun 2013 
How do interest rates affect 
May 2013 
stocks? 
SLUG Data* Cant 
US aunty Strategy Basket, 
eloornixtio 
Tic km 
Tech's Enduring Eight 
DBUSTECH 
Total Shareholder Return 
DBUSBEID1 
Stimulator 
Dividend Dark Hoses 
DBUSDFCF 
China Cyclicals 
DBUSCNCY
Sant Onscht sent 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should 
be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should 
consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST 
CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MICA(P) 054104/2013. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104778 
SDNY_GM_00250962 
EFTA01449386

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449387.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 2013 
US Equity Insights 
reasons not to fear a 3%+ 10yr yield 
Interest expense is relatively small and likely overpowered by pension swings 
I
figure 1. S&P ex-financials net debt/market cap at 14% is considerably lower 
than historical levels 
70% 
r 70% 
■ 
0096 
5016 • 
50% 
40% 
k 40% 
30% 
30% 
20% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
0%
 Recession 
Met Debt/ Market Cap 
Sas Owlish* Sorg 
Figure 2: Share of long•tenn debt (>1ylat S&P ex. 
financials has increased to 25% from 75% in 2003 
80%-1 
E
X 
in 
P 
80% 
w'
85%  W
75% 
70% 
55% 
90% 
85% 
80% 
75% 
1.500 
70% 
85% 
0016 4 . 
• 
• - 
 .
.
.
.
.
.
.
. • . • 
60% 
g§ggreiii§§i1§§§rgiERI
"g g 
Recession 
cleW Total OMR 
Sara Dame.* Earl 
Figure 4: S&P ex-financial interest expense/sates at 1.5% 
is the lowest level since 1970 
100.000 
4.0% 
1403.000 
3.5% 
120000 
3.0% 
100.000 
r :np
2.5% 
50.000 
2.0% 
00.000 
40.000 
ga§g
gAggligiE
S
----- intent Expense -LTA Ma Wm) 
im est Ex pense/Sales (MO 
San Drustro Sant 
Page 2 
1.5% 
1.0% 
1.000 - 
.•-•" 
500 
o 
Cement Ott 
San' Drab& tett 
EPS hit from higher interest 
rates is likely to be very small 
end should be overpowered 
by pension swings. 
If we assume that 15% of the 
$2.8 trillion in long-term debt 
rolls to a rate 100bp higher 
the hit to 2014 S&P EPS 
would be -$0.25. 
Pension expense is likely to 
fall by more and a 100bps 
increase in long-term rates 
should eliminate pension 
deficits 
Figure 3: S&P ex-financial cash, current and long-term 
debt (S millions) 
3.000 - 
3.000 
2.500 4 
2.500 
2.000 1 
2.000 
1.500 
1,000 
500 
Long Tom Debt 
-- 
Cash 
Figure 5: 10-15 year IG corporate bond yield is up 100bp 
from 1O13 end but still below 2011 end. 
MIRNIAIIMILWAR 
—IC 
(10-15 years) Corporate 
— 
1Oy Teasuy 
Sane art al4nvu IlAvntiLytx, Drum A* eat 
100 
8.0 
4.0 
0.0 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104779 
SDNY_GM_00250963 
EFTA01449387

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449388.pdf
----------------------------------------
August 2013 
US Equity Insights 
Regulatory Disclosures 
1. Important Additional Conflict Disclosures 
Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://gm.db.com/equities under the 
"Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing. 
2. Short-Term Trade Ideas 
Deutsche Bank equity research analysts sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas (known as SOLAR ideas) that are 
consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term ratings. These trade ideas can be found at the 
SOLAR link at http://gm.db.com. 
Country-Specific Disclosures 
Australia and New Zealand: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the 
meaning of the Australian Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively. 
Brazil: The views expressed above accurately reflect personal views of the authors about the subject company(ies) and 
its(their) securities, including in relation to Deutsche Bank. The compensation of the equity research analyst(s) is 
indirectly affected by revenues deriving from the business and financial transactions of Deutsche Bank. In cases where 
at least one Brazil based analyst (identified by a phone number starting with +55 country code) has taken part in the 
preparation of this research report, the Brazil based analyst whose name appears first assumes primary responsibility for 
its content from a Brazilian regulatory perspective and for its compliance with CVM Instruction # 483. 
EU 
countries: 
Disclosures 
relating 
to 
our 
obligations 
under 
MiFiD 
can 
found 
at 
hISPili.WWW,glObaknarlSelAidtt,COMiriSkdiSCIOSUreS. 
Japan: Disclosures under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law: Company name - Deutsche Securities Inc. 
Registration number - Registered as a financial instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau 
(Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, The Financial Futures 
Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association. Commissions and risks involved in stock transactions - for 
stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the transaction amount by the 
commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result of share price fluctuations 
and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from foreign exchange 
fluctuations. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating 
agencies in Japan unless "Japan" or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese 
listed companies not written by analysts of Deutsche Securities Inc. (DSI) are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts 
with the coverage companies specified by DSI. 
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, 
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104782 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250966 
EFTA01449388

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449389.pdf
----------------------------------------
David Folkerts-Landau 
Global Head of Research 
Marcel Cassard 
Global Head 
CB&S Research 
Ralf Hoffmann & Bernhard Speyer 
Co Heads 
DB Research 
Guy Ashton 
Chief Operating Officer 
Research 
Richard Smith 
Associate Director 
Equity Research 
Fergus Lynch 
Regional Head 
International locations 
.. .. 
Andreas Neubauer 
Regional Head 
North America 
Steve Pollard 
Regional Head 
Deutsche Cant. AG 
Deutsche Bank AG 
0i10t
 if lint* ;AC 
Doors/ ho Socuriiim; 
Deutsche Bank Place 
Smile GallusstraCe 10-14 
Allele Hongkong 
2-11-1 Nagatacho 
Level 16 
03272 Frankfurt am Main 
International Commerce Centre. 
Sanno Park Tower 
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets 
Germany 
Austin Road West.Koviloon. 
Cluyodeku, Tokyo 1006171 
Sydney. NSW 2000 
Tel: (49)69 910 00 
Hong Kong 
Japan 
Australia 
Tel: 1852) 2203 8888 
Tel (8113 5156 6770 
Tel: 16112 8258 1234 
Cant Ara t 
OttkItth.titt 
Set' thhiet. 
Great Winchester Street 
Wall Street 
London EC2N 2EO 
New York. NY 10005 
United Kingdom 
United States of America 
Tel: 144120 7545 8000 
Tel: ( I1212 250 2500 
Global Disclaimer 
The elonnelen and spoons o the man wee prepared by DeAsee Berk AG a one s es elates ItaleCiastry Seesaw Senn The elonnalan Never a broad to be raleb* en! Ns been oedema frontage: 
forces beteg to be Sable Deutsche Bark make. no repementabon es to lie actors& or corroteenene Oa arch eformelon 
a uses, Boa may engage In monies trenwoons on • propretes tesa or other wee in • morrow enamel*, war the snow teen et Ms Meant report h. Sauna anon won Deiese• Bens. token. 
infeogivis end sets Ora nay take a vervain is encomium, Menne lean on Ta resareth report 
Opnans, comma and pepctean vs ma moon cortalee the Current 'Wrench] ce the ea or es ol ea date el IN report They do not necessary react sire opnons of Deutsche Bert and ire SACO 10 change 
wrinout notice DeuroMe Berth has no obboot,n to ullatte. rroddy of amend Ina report or to orhavast NUN a moped Mame n et eon na fl  con en enrols 
MI ma re o 
nevem Menges or 
*abaci-soy becomes eacc urine Mhos and enables of thencial natnnwnts ee nature to donee anrout rotor The moon a provided tel reonnesoral peons orgy II is not an pier or • soactunion of en 
ono to buy or nor arty finesse inotrenents Or TO Pen &tete in am pa near vacua strategy Target pries ate elarently mpeetie and • product tee the harrst letientart 
As • out of Deutsche Bent • hod. 20t0 sods on of BOIF.Benk AG.a focamy may be coated by /No then ore halal arth.n the DeArcro Bann &top Etch of doubts...0f% meg use &Pomo manodong•r 
to your he sconce 6$ a neat the reCOmtheaderhine trey defer and me ces• target and munWeW each may vary Odell 
In August DOCO, Nolan. Bens estetnecl a new way aleteby analysts may Choose MI Y sel or merman • lege pee of Ceneln Owen under (Overage wen 6 KM] rat oo In plelture, en al typically Oct& for 
slow Feted Mocks Nang a man* Cap Mal* then sort other corn/ernes n es isle, er region W. lasso ma such poky rat Pow us en nab bea ea of our reasoner Pleas vise our wean* 
lopapm Soo 
tO anemone Me NW Once Of any seek 
The f Nose entrummil decossal .n pµ Whet may re b futon* lot all moron end merlon must nuke INIX Oath unarmed eassiment Scone Stock ttanacu.vs on lend to Sine a • meat or ace 
lummox* end Me talon • • limns*, entrument a dimentlapted .n • corm& odor then en unman. °moo. • chenge in exchange Ma net echonery elect the tenteatillefa Past palormancir 4 
rear/tory 'Neon 
of %Ma routs defeat Bank mey ma raped to arcuate COthathei by the wool. el f0 or buy from customers on • ennead bathe and onsiOn Ms report n deep 
to twee on • 
POPIlettary babe 
Unless 0,mming ere PthesPeS OMerwes, 
lansandins sh)Jcl he eaCuted Overran the NOUN Bret entity in me sonlets Nene fuelditoOn ln the U S Td open n hirthetal *neat notated by Ceases 
Bank Secants% Inc. a member 
IN OSE the NASD. UFA and SPC In Gennthe On open a ropfored anctrar Communneed by Deutsche CNN AG Frordan mehontal or me Been in me United Kingdom UN 
men is ancree0 *NO Commoneared by Deutsche Beni AG tendon. • member Of IN ltarlen Stock Denescre and regarded by me Frankel Sone<as Authors" AY the Conduct Of wasiment bones% n the UK 
and is-Mowed by the Brio hen repel es defeated In Harp Kong by Deutsche Bens AG, Hein Keep Branch In Korea by Deusde Saunter Korea Co le.. theett a Ontrboted a Saga/ ore by Deasthe Bank AG, 
Sognsom Brenth or Ceutsche Stott es No Limo.. Sinosp>re Branch and telpher cf Stempore Of the repin are to Contact CVO sche Bert AG. Smgetere alfenCh v DeurtsCht Saunter Asa tree, &Neat, 
Branch n respect et aro maws rang floe% or rncon.dlon 'AIN T's ncofl 
Vale' inn renr. 
""" d 
tn n thantht n Singapore to • anon when we en actuated mentor. open Inthi$101 p Insbt.aranal 
'meg& las Gained in the alpine.* Stroteae laws and nroJelia& Oeulstne Beni AG, Sloane, Bremen Or °fatten Saunter Aso Limped. Sthpalient Brand,  SCOOPS urge reeparearlihr to soM petrel le De 
Contents of Ina felon. In Japan 
osort a roproyed andlor Ostributre by Deese, Secure*. ea The agent./ ten ettnehned n the Mthert bee not COntlethe the pronson of nvestment adace In Aintrals, 
Cleats Una, actin • CON of a Predrill Dadosee Sielommt (PDS) Margie err franca' pealutt Menai $0 n Ste ....on WA Combo' To P06 before ,sting any doCoOn obese veirther to thtlethe the Mao" 
Deutsche Bane AG Jean reiburg n nooponsted n Me Feder* Routh: of Germane IBraren Agate Inumbe di Seen ANN 10320)03201001CI AdOrtenel inlormeten ream to saunter. other Nance! geode's Or 
**um dawned in Mir repel rs antetie upon mount That mph, may the be tePthatIettd. ClUntaned of parkshed by any persOn he any pupae %WINO Deutsche NON our vegan genera Please tee source 
when %retro 
Cowrie. 22013 Poncho Bens AG 
GRCM2013PROD030O98 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104783 
SDNY_GM_00250967 
EFTA01449389

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449390.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Amanda Kirby 
9/17/2013 1:29:19 PM 
Paul Morris 
Harry Seller Accounts 
pic05785.gif; pic06369.gif 
Classification: Public 
FYI -- Just got a call from Harry and Jeanne asking me to send blank account 
opening documents to them so that they can start preparing them for all of the 
new checking accounts they want to open. 
I sent them the requirements first 
in a bid to hold off on the account docs. 
Lets touch base when you're back 
from lunch. Maybe you can give Rich a ring to discuss 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic05785.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax r 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic06369.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104784 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250968 
EFTA01449390

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449391.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104785 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250969 
EFTA01449391

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449392.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104786 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250970 
EFTA01449392

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449393.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Amanda Kirby 
9/17/2013 2:52:50 PM 
Paul Morris 
Fw: Account opening documents [I] 
pic11895.gif; pic17957.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
FYI -- Just got this. we should finish ACATing the accounts we have before 
moving to new ones... 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic11895.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17957.gif) 
Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 09/17/2013 02:52 PM 
From: 
TO: 
Date: 
Subject: 
tvnanda 
Harry Beller 
Amanda Kirby 
09/17/2013 02:45 PM 
Account opening documents 
Please send me account opening documents for checking and MM accounts. 
I want to process these account opening documents ASAP 
thanks 
Harry 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250971 
DB-SDNY-0 104787 
EFTA01449393

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449394.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Troy-D Williams 
Sent: 
9/17/2013 3:51:54 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
CC: 
Caroline Kitidis ( 
; Kevin Quinn 
Subject: 
Re: KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) 
Attachments: pic24930.gif; pic22539.gif; pic21734.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
Sure, please send a calendar invite. 
Regards 
Troy D Williams 
Credit Risk Management 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Tel: 
; Paul Morris 
From: 
Tazia smith/db/dbcom 
To: 
Troy-0 wi 11 i ams/db/1 
, 
Cc: 
Paul morris, Kevin cluinn/db/ 
Caroline Ki tidi s/db 
Date: 
09/17/2013 11:00 AM 
subject: 
KCP onboarding - southern Financial/southern Trust (Epstein) (i] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Troy - southern Financial/southern Trust (Epstein) is a new, significant, 
active relationship that we are on-boarding to KCP. Once we obtain the 
information for the ISDA template (per below), can we please have a brief 
meeting among all of us on this email to discuss the relationship (like we did 
for Grassie, Cindy's client) to ensure that we are all on the same page from a 
credit and timing perspective? 
Thank You, 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic24930.gif) 
Tazia smith 
Director I Key client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th FloorT 
New York. NY 10154 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22539.gif) 
 Forwarded by Tazia smith/db/dbcom on 09/17/2013 10:56 AM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104790 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250974 
EFTA01449394

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449395.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Kevin Quinn/db/dbcom 
To: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcor4OBAMERICAS, Tazia Smith/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, vahe 
Stepanian/db/dbcom@D8AMERICAS 
Date: 
09/17/2013 10:14 AM 
Subject: 
Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Amanda, 
I am going through the account opening process while the ACAT forms are out. 
In the meantime, can you please fill out the Credit's ISDA template and 
retrieve the relevant financials etc? I am happy to answer any questions. 
[attachment "ISDA Preliminary Requirements - Collection Sheet.docx" deleted by 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom] 
From: 
Paul morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
vahe Stepanian/db/dbcom@DBAmericas, 
Cc: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS, Kevin 
Quinn/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
Date: 
09/16/2013 08:25 PM 
Subject: 
Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
No we should try dual track whenever possible, kevin pls call me tomorrow so 
we get it moving, thanks 
 Original Message  
From: vahe stepanian 
Sent: 09/16/2013 08:03 PM EDT 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Amanda Kirby; Tazia Smith; Kevin Quinn 
Subject: Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul, 
I CC'ed Kevin here who likely will be running point on ISDAs for Southern 
Financial and Trust. I thought we were going to wait until the assets are 
in-house to begin that process? 
Happy to help move forward regardless. 
Thank you, 
vahe 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104791 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250975 
EFTA01449395

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449396.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic21734.gif) 
vahe Stepanian 
Associate I Markets Coverage Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
vahe Stepanian/db/dbcomODBAmericas, 
Cc: 
Date: 
09/16/2013 06:08 PM 
Subject: 
southern financial/southern trust [1] 
Classification: For internal use only 
we should start pulling together what we will need for ISDAs, i don't know who 
here runs with that so need help, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104792 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250976 
EFTA01449396

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449397.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104795 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250979 
EFTA01449397

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449398.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
9/17/2013 5:13:22 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Fw: bank accounts [I] 
Attachments: pic12501.gif; pic28658.gif; Bank Accounts prelim.xlsx 
classification: For internal use only 
Harry just sent this. New checking accounts. . . 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12501.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New vorisoli154-0004 
Tel. +1 
Fax +1 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28658.gif) 
 Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 09/17/2013 05:13 PM 
From: 
Harry Beller <harrybeller@gmail.com> 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom0DBAHEEIcAs, 
cc: 
Jeanne Brennan allIMINIM 
Date: 
09/17/2013 05:06 PM 
subject: 
bank accounts 
(See attached file: Bank Accounts prelim.xlsx) 
Amanda 
this may change. However, you can use as a statrting point. 
Harry 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104796 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250980 
EFTA01449398

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449399.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104798 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250982 
EFTA01449399

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449400.pdf
----------------------------------------
Document Produced in Native Format 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104799 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250983 
EFTA01449400

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449401.pdf
----------------------------------------
Front: 
PBVV/VIRO/KAISETI/P8Vit 1511 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20130918 
a 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/17/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104800 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250984 
EFTA01449401

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449402.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
DBTCA Deposit Account Opening Application 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Personal Accounts 
K 
Checking Acct. # 
K 
Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
K 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
(DBTCA deposit account required, 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
Private Wealth Premiums" 
Internet Banking Services 
K 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus 
K 
Link to Existing Online Relationship 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Business Accounts 
K 
Checking Met. # 
K 
Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
K Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
IDBTCA deposit account required. 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
K 
Cash Master Sweep Account 
Checking Acct. # 
(User/Co. ID Number) 
Client Relationship 
K Individual Account 
K Joint Tenants with Right 
of Survivorship 
K Joint Tenants in Common 
K In Trust For/Payable on 
Death/As Trustee for 
K Trust 
K Estate 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Banking Services 
K 
Consumer Debit Card # 
K 
Joint Applicant Debit Card # 
K Business Debit Card # 
K 
Deluxe Checkbook Style # 
K 
Name Only 
K 
Name and Address 
K 
Duplicate Statement 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
K 
Mailing address (if different) 
Name 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Target Amount 
Trigger Amount 
K Custody under NY UTMA 
K Foundation 
K Non-Profit Organization 
K Attorney Trust Escrow 
K Landlord Master Escrow 
K Corporation 
K Limited Liability Company 
K Partnership 
K Limited Liability Partnership 
13AWM -0101 
NAOSOD00015602-000104611 
013959.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250988 
DB-SDNY-0104804 
EFTA01449402

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449403.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Account Holder Title 
K Individual 
K ITF/PODIATF• 
Corporate 
Account Number 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Required: 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Pannetship 
K Other: 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
Date of Power of Attorney 
or ITF/POD/ATP See Supplemen al elms and Conditions 
II 1111 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104811 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250995 
EFTA01449403

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449404.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Account Holder Title 
K Individual 
K ITF/POD/ATF' ID Corporate 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Partnership 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Account Number 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Required: 
K Other: 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
For ITFIPOD/ATF See Supplemen al arms and Conditions 
I III 
Date of Power of Attorney 
13-AWM-0059 
NAOSOD00015802-000104623 
006678 09)913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104812 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250996 
EFTA01449404

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449405.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449405.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
DBTCA Deposit Account Opening Application 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Personal Accounts 
K 
Checking Acct. # 
K 
Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
K 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
(DBTCA deposit account required, 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
Private Wealth Premiums" 
Internet Banking Services 
K 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus 
K 
Link to Existing Online Relationship 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Business Accounts 
K 
Checking Met. # 
K 
Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
K Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
IDBTCA deposit account required. 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
K 
Cash Master Sweep Account 
Checking Acct. # 
(User/Co. ID Number) 
Client Relationship 
K Individual Account 
K Joint Tenants with Right 
of Survivorship 
K Joint Tenants in Common 
K In Trust For/Payable on 
Death/As Trustee for 
K Trust 
K Estate 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Banking Services 
K 
Consumer Debit Card # 
K 
Joint Applicant Debit Card # 
K Business Debit Card # 
K 
Deluxe Checkbook Style # 
K 
Name Only 
K 
Name and Address 
K 
Duplicate Statement 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
K 
Mailing address (if different) 
Name 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Target Amount 
Trigger Amount 
K Custody under NY UTMA 
K Foundation 
K Non-Profit Organization 
K Attorney Trust Escrow 
K Landlord Master Escrow 
K Corporation 
K Limited Liability Company 
K Partnership 
K Limited Liability Partnership 
13AWM -0101 
NAOSOD00015602-000104611 
013959.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250997 
DB-SDNY-0104813 
EFTA01449405

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449406.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Title and Joint Application Information 
Name of Account Title 
Joint Applicant 
(last name, first name, middle initial) or Business 
(last name. first name, middle initial) 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
Address 
Address 
.....Not applicable_ 
City, State and Zip Code 
City, State and Zip Code 
Home Telephone Number 
Home Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
Date of Birth 
Date of Birth 
Name of Employer 
Address 
Not applicable 
City, State and Zip Code 
Name of Employer 
Address 
City, State and Zip Code 
Notice of Customer Identification Policy 
Important Information 
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who establishes an account, investment or 
other business relationship with a financial institution. This means that we will ask for your name, address, and other 
information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see identifying documents such as a certificate of 
formation or good standing (legal entities) or a passport or other photo identification (individuals). 
3rd EU Notice 
Governmental rules have also broadened the scope of the Bank's obligations to aid in the fight against money laundering 
and terrorist financing; these rules call for an active involvement of both asset management firms and their clients. For 
new and existing clients we currently have a legal obligation to ask our customers questions regarding their identities, 
addresses, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, beneficial owners or control 
structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, enhanced anti•money laundering 
requirements require that should any of the above personal or institutional information change, our clients would be 
obliged to immediately notify us of the change(s) and provide us with relevant documentation to verify these changes. 
Telephone, Facsimile or Email Instructions 
By signing below, you agree that from time to time you may give instructions by telephone, facsimile or email regarding 
the above captioned account(s) (defined herein as "Verbal Instructions"). It is understood that the risk of Verbal 
Instructions being given by person or persons purported to be you is your own. Absent the gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of Deusche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA), you agree to indemnify and hold harmless DBTCA for 
any claims, losses, expenses, costs or attorneys' fees resulting from DBTCA's acting upon such misunderstood and 
unauthorized Verbal Instructions. You understand that DBTCA may, but shall not be required to, seek verification of your 
verbal, facsimile or email instructions by call back. In case of doubt, DBTCA may in its sole discretion refuse to execute 
your Verbal Instructions or any part thereof, without incurring any liability. DBTCA is under no obligation to execute your 
Verbal Instructions to transfer funds or securities to any account(s) without written instructions bearing your original 
signature. 
Joint Account Disclosure 
You have opened a joint account with DBTCA and acknowledge receipt of the following information: This deposit and any 
additions to the account shall become the property of each owner as joint tenants, and DBTCA may release the entire 
account to any owner during the lifetime of all owners. DBTCA may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from 
any owner during the lifetime of all owners. The Bank may be required by service of legal process to remit funds held in 
the joint account to satisfy a judgment entered against, or other valid debt incurred by, any owner of the account. DBTCA 
may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s) and may treat the 
account as the sole property of the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s). Unless DBTCA receives written notice 
signed by any owner not to pay or deliver any joint deposit or addition or accrual. DBTCA shall not be liable to any owner 
for continuing to honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from any owner. After the receipt of the notice referred to 
in the previous sentence, DBTCA may require the written authorization of any or all joint owners for any further payments 
or deliveries. 
13-AVVM-0101 
013959.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104814 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00250998 
EFTA01449406

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449407.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, by and through its authorized officer, has caused this instrument to be 
executed on the date listed below. 
(FOR BUSINESS USERS] 
Business Name 
Name/Title 
Signature 
Date 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS 
By 
Print Name/Tide 
Date 
[FOR ALL OTHER USERS] 
Account Namo 
NameMtle 
Signature 
Date 
WN113,1057 
010198080613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104817 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251001 
EFTA01449407

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449408.pdf
----------------------------------------
AUTHORIZED SIGNER(S): 
If any Authorized Signer named below is an entity and not a natural person, please attach an Authorized Signatory list. 
Print Name 
Title 
Signature 
Authorized (select one): 
K Individually 
K Jointly with  
K Other 
K Check only if the above Authorized Signer is authorized to grant powers enumerated in these LLC Resolutions to agents. 
Print Name 
Title 
Signature 
Authorized (select one): 
K Individually 
K Jointly with  
K Other 
K Check only if the above Authorized Signer is authorized to grant powers enumerated in these LLC Resolutions to agents. 
Print Name 
Authorized (select one): 
K Individually 
Title 
K Jointly with 
Signature 
K Other 
K Check only if the above Authorized Signer is authorized to grant powers enumerated in these LLC Resolutions to agents. 
Print Name 
Authorized (select one): 
K Individually 
Title 
Signature 
K Jointly with  
K Other 
K Check only if the above Authorized Signer is authorized to grant powers enumerated in these LLC Resolutions to agents. 
2. The above LLC Resolutions are in full force and effect and have not been modified or amended since the date shown below. 
3. The Bank may rely conclusively on the instructions of the Authorized Signer(s) in every respect unless or until the Bank receives written 
notification of the revocation and has had reasonable time to act on such notice. 
4. No one other than the Company has any interest in Accounts) opened and maintained in the name of the Company. 
5. The titles and names of the Authorized Signer(s) appearing above, whose signatures appear above or on any attached signatory list, are 
true, correct and genuine. 
The authorities previously granted to any Authorized Signer not named herein are hereby revoked. 
In witness whereof, on the date shown below, I have subscribed my signature. 
Signature:  
Print Name and Title:  
Date of this Certificate of LLC Resolutions:  
(Fin in date - this document is not valid if date is left blank' 
• 'If the manager, member or other authorized officer is one of the Authorized Signers named above, this Certificate of LLC Resolutions 
must be confirmed below by another manager, member or officer of the Company who is not designated an Authorized Signer 
above unless the Authorized Signers are the only members of the Company. 
Confirmation Signature:  
Print Name and Title:  
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
12.PVVM.0180 (03/121 
010700.030612 
DB-SDNY-0104820 
SDNY_GM_00251004 
EFTA01449408

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449409.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449409.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Account Holder Title 
Account Number 
K Individual 
K DTF/POD/ATF• K Corporate 
❑a  Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Required: 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Partnership 
K Other: 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
For ITFIPOD/ATF See Supplomen al arms and Conditions 
I III 
Date of Power of Attorney 
I3AWM4:059 
NAOSOD00015602-000104611 
OC/3678 CI30:913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104821 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251005 
EFTA01449409

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449410.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Account Holder Title 
K Individual 
K ITF/PODIATF• K Corporate 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K PannetshIp 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Account Number 
❑a  Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Requited: 
K Other: 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
Date of Power of Attorney 
or !IF/POD/ATP See Supplemen al elms and Conditions 
II 1111 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104822 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251006 
EFTA01449410

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449411.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, by and through its authorized officer, has caused this instrument to be 
executed on the date listed below. 
(FOR BUSINESS USERS] 
Business Name 
Name/Title 
Signature 
Date 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS 
By 
Print Name/Tide 
Date 
[FOR ALL OTHER USERS] 
Account Namo 
NameMtle 
Signature 
Date 
WN113,1057 
010198080613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104827 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251011 
EFTA01449411

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449412.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Account Holder Title 
K Individual 
K ITF/PODIATF• K Corporate 
Account Number 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Required: 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Pannetshlp 
K Other: 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
Date of Power of Attorney 
or ITF/POD/ATP See Supplemen al elms and Conditions 
II 1111 
13-AWM-0359 
NAOSOD00015602-000104611 
OO3678 0939'13 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104829 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251013 
EFTA01449412

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449413.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
9/18/2013 10:43:03 AM 
To: 
CC: 
Jeanne Brennan
 Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: bank accounts 
Attachments: Corporation Account Opening.pdf; LLC Account Opening.pdf; Trust Account Opening.pdf; pic11372.gif; pic04580.gif 
Classification: Public 
Hi Harry, 
Attached are blank account opening documents for an LLC, a corporation and a 
trust. Let me know if you have any questions 
(See attached file: Corporation Account Opening.pdf)(See attached file: LLC 
Account Opening.pdf)(See attached file: Trust Account Opening.pdf) 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic11372.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York NY, USA 10154-0004 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic04580.gif) 
From: 
Harry Beller 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcomODBAmERICAS, 
Cc: 
Jeanne Brennan 
Date: 
09/17/2013 05:06 PM 
Subject: 
bank accounts 
[attachment "Bank Accounts prelim.xlsx" deleted by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom] 
Amanda 
this may change. However, you can use as a statrting point. 
Harry 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104831 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251015 
EFTA01449413

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449414.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Private \Afeaith Management 
For Bank Use Only 
Account Number(s): 
Certificate of Corporate Resolutions in favor of 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
The undersigned (the "Undersigned") hereby certifies that: 
1. (a) the Undersigned is the duly appointed Secretary or other officer or director duly authorized to (i) certify as to the corporate resolutions 
or consents ("Corporate Resolutions") of the board of directors or other governing body (the "Board") and (ii) to keep the records 
of 
 (the "Corporation") a corporation duly 
organized, in good standing, and existing under the laws of 
• and 
(b) the following is a true copy of the Corporate Resolutions of the Board, duly adopted in accordance with applicable law and governing 
organizational documents with respect to the account type(s) indicated below ("Account(s)"): 
K Deposit Account(s) 
K Investment Advisory Account(s) 
K Custody Account(s) 
(please select all that apply): 
K discretionary 
K non-discretionary 
"RESOLVED, that it is desirable and in the best interests of the Corporation, and the Corporation is authorized, to designate Deutsche 
Bank Trust Company Americas (the "Bank") as depositary, custodian or investment advisor, as applicable, for such property as designated 
by the Corporation from time to time, and to open and maintain Account(s) with the Bank. 
RESOLVED, that the Corporation be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in any agreement or contract governing Account(s) 
(the "Account Agreement(s)") and any other document relating to products or services provided in connection with Account(s), as 
revised and/or amended from time to time (collectively, the "Agreements"). 
RESOLVED, that the directors, officers, employees and/or agents of the Corporation (the "Authorized Signer(s)") whose names, titles 
and signatures appear below, as amended from time to time by the Corporation, are hereby authorized and directed, for and on behalf of 
the Corporation, to open, maintain, manage or close Account(s), to execute the Agreements, and to exercise and direct the exercise of all 
duties, rights and powers, and to take all actions necessary or appropriate in connection with the opening, maintenance, management 
or closing of Account(s) in the name of the Corporation, pursuant to the terms and conditions specified in the Agreements, and any 
applicable laws, rules and regulations. The Bank is authorized to accept instructions from the Authorized Signer(s) in connection with 
Account(s), including, but not limited to, endorsements and deposits of negotiable instruments, checks or other orders for the payment 
of money, and instructions to deposit, withdraw, transfer, deliver or assign assets in Account(s), sell any assets in Account(s), including 
but not limited to assets listed as "held elsewhere," buy any assets for Account(s) and retain the services of an advisor, including the 
Bank, consultant or broker/dealer to manage all or part of assets in Account(s), all on such terms as the Authorized Signer(s) direct. 
RESOLVED, that the Bank may conclusively assume that all actions taken and instructions given by each of the Authorized Signer(s) 
have been properly taken or given pursuant to authority vested in such Authorized Signer(s) and the Corporation shall indemnify and 
hold the Bank harmless from all claims, liabilities, losses, costs, expenses (including attorneys' fees) related to or arising from any action 
or inaction by any such Authorized Signer(s). 
RESOLVED, that the omission from these Corporate Resolutions of any document, arrangement or action to be taken in accordance 
with the Account(s) or the Agreements shall in no manner derogate from the authority of the Authorized Signer(s) to take all actions 
necessary, desirable, advisable or appropriate to consummate, effectuate or carry out the transactions contemplated by the foregoing 
Corporate Resolutions. 
RESOLVED, that all actions taken and expenses incurred heretofore by the Board or the Authorized Signer(s) in connection with the 
Account(s) or the Agreements are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed in all respects. 
RESOLVED, that if indicated below, the Authorized Signer(s) is/are authorized to delegate any and all of the powers enumerated in these 
Corporate Resolutions in connection with the Account(s) to such person(s) as the Authorized Signer(s) may elect. Such delegation shall 
be made via the execution of the form of Appointment of Agent(s) annexed hereto as Exhibit A." 
11.PWM.0893111/1 I) 
009700.112111 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104832 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251016 
EFTA01449414

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449415.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
DBTCA Deposit Account Opening Application 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Personal Accounts 
K 
Checking Acct. # 
K 
Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
K 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
(DBTCA deposit account required, 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
Private Wealth Premiums" 
Internet Banking Services 
K 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus 
K 
Link to Existing Online Relationship 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Elite Business Accounts 
K 
Checking Met. # 
K 
Elite Checking with Interest 
Acct. # 
APY 
K 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
K Certificate of Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Term 
DB AG NY Preferred 
Certificate of Deposit 
Met. # 
APY 
Term 
Promo term 
IDBTCA deposit account required. 
along with a DB AG Preferred Terms 
and Conditions) 
K 
Cash Master Sweep Account 
Checking Acct. # 
(User/Co. ID Number) 
Client Relationship 
K Individual Account 
K Joint Tenants with Right 
of Survivorship 
K Joint Tenants in Common 
K In Trust For/Payable on 
Death/As Trustee for 
K Trust 
K Estate 
Private Wealth Premium TM
Banking Services 
K 
Consumer Debit Card # 
K 
Joint Applicant Debit Card # 
K Business Debit Card # 
K 
Deluxe Checkbook Style # 
K 
Name Only 
K 
Name and Address 
K 
Duplicate Statement 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
K 
Mailing address (if different) 
Name 
Addr 
City 
State 
Zip Code 
Elite Money Market Deposit 
Acct. # 
APY 
Target Amount 
Trigger Amount 
K Custody under NY UTMA 
K Foundation 
K Non-Profit Organization 
K Attorney Trust Escrow 
K Landlord Master Escrow 
K Corporation 
K Limited Liability Company 
K Partnership 
K Limited Liability Partnership 
13AWM -0101 
NAOSOD00015602-000104611 
013959.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251018 
DB-SDNY-0104834 
EFTA01449415

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449416.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Title and Joint Application Information 
Name of Account Title 
Joint Applicant 
(last name, first name, middle initial) or Business 
(last name. first name, middle initial) 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
Address 
Address 
.....Not applicable_ 
City, State and Zip Code 
City, State and Zip Code 
Home Telephone Number 
Home Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
Date of Birth 
Date of Birth 
Name of Employer 
Address 
Not applicable 
City, State and Zip Code 
Name of Employer 
Address 
City, State and Zip Code 
Notice of Customer Identification Policy 
Important Information 
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who establishes an account, investment or 
other business relationship with a financial institution. This means that we will ask for your name, address, and other 
information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see identifying documents such as a certificate of 
formation or good standing (legal entities) or a passport or other photo identification (individuals). 
3rd EU Notice 
Governmental rules have also broadened the scope of the Bank's obligations to aid in the fight against money laundering 
and terrorist financing; these rules call for an active involvement of both asset management firms and their clients. For 
new and existing clients we currently have a legal obligation to ask our customers questions regarding their identities, 
addresses, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, beneficial owners or control 
structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, enhanced anti•money laundering 
requirements require that should any of the above personal or institutional information change, our clients would be 
obliged to immediately notify us of the change(s) and provide us with relevant documentation to verify these changes. 
Telephone, Facsimile or Email Instructions 
By signing below, you agree that from time to time you may give instructions by telephone, facsimile or email regarding 
the above captioned account(s) (defined herein as "Verbal Instructions"). It is understood that the risk of Verbal 
Instructions being given by person or persons purported to be you is your own. Absent the gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of Deusche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA), you agree to indemnify and hold harmless DBTCA for 
any claims, losses, expenses, costs or attorneys' fees resulting from DBTCA's acting upon such misunderstood and 
unauthorized Verbal Instructions. You understand that DBTCA may, but shall not be required to, seek verification of your 
verbal, facsimile or email instructions by call back. In case of doubt, DBTCA may in its sole discretion refuse to execute 
your Verbal Instructions or any part thereof, without incurring any liability. DBTCA is under no obligation to execute your 
Verbal Instructions to transfer funds or securities to any account(s) without written instructions bearing your original 
signature. 
Joint Account Disclosure 
You have opened a joint account with DBTCA and acknowledge receipt of the following information: This deposit and any 
additions to the account shall become the property of each owner as joint tenants, and DBTCA may release the entire 
account to any owner during the lifetime of all owners. DBTCA may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from 
any owner during the lifetime of all owners. The Bank may be required by service of legal process to remit funds held in 
the joint account to satisfy a judgment entered against, or other valid debt incurred by, any owner of the account. DBTCA 
may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s) and may treat the 
account as the sole property of the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s). Unless DBTCA receives written notice 
signed by any owner not to pay or deliver any joint deposit or addition or accrual. DBTCA shall not be liable to any owner 
for continuing to honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from any owner. After the receipt of the notice referred to 
in the previous sentence, DBTCA may require the written authorization of any or all joint owners for any further payments 
or deliveries. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104835 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251019 
EFTA01449416

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449417.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 
(Rev. December 2011) 
Deportment of the Tresswy 
Internal Revenue Service 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
Give Form to the 
requester. Do not 
send to the IRS. 
Print or type 
See Specific Instructions on page 2. 
Name (as shown o your ncome tax return) 
Business nameidaregarded entity name. if different from above 
Check appropriate box for federal tax classifioatiorc 
O Indwiduai/sole proprietor 
O C Corporation 
O S Corporation 
O 
Partnership O Trust/estate 
O Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C=C corporation. S=5 corporation. P=partnership)P 
O Other (see instructions) P' 
O Exempt payee 
Address (number, street, and apt. or suite no.) 
Requesters name and address (optional) 
City. state, and ZIP code 
LAI account number(s) here (options) 
Part I 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on the 'Name" line 
SocIal security number 
to avoid 
resident 
entities, 
backup withholding. For individuals, this is your social security number (SSN). However, for a 
alien, sole proprietor, or disregarded entity, see the Part I instructions on page 3. For other 
it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to get a 
- 
-
TIN on page 3. 
Note. If the account is in more than one name, see the chart on page 4 for guidelines on whose 
number to enter. 
Part 
[Employer identification number 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me), and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding, and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined below). 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding 
because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions, item 2 does not apply. For mortgage 
interest paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retirement arrangement (IRA), and 
generally, payments other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the certification, but you must provide your correct TIN. See the 
instructions on page 4. 
Sign 
Here 
Signature of 
U.S. person P 
Date P. 
General Instructions 
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code unless otherwise 
noted. 
Purpose of Form 
A person who is required to file an information return with the IRS must 
obtain your correct taxpayer identification number (TIN) to report, for 
example, income paid to you, real estate transactions, mortgage interest 
you paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation 
of debt, or contributions you made to an IRA. 
Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person (including a resident 
alien), to provide your correct TIN to the person requesting it (the 
requester) and, when applicable, to: 
1. Certify that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a 
number to be issued). 
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, or 
3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt 
payee. If applicable, you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, your 
allocable share of any partnership income from a U.S. trade or business 
is not subject to the withholding tax on foreign partners' share of 
effectively connected income. 
Note. If a requester gives you a form other than Form W-9 to request 
your TIN, you must use the requester's form if it is substantially similar 
to this Form W-9. 
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes, you are 
considered a U.S. person if you are: 
• An individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien, 
• A partnership, corporation, company, or association created or 
organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States, 
• An estate (other than a foreign estate), or 
• A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701-7). 
Special rules for partnerships. Partnerships that conduct a trade or 
business in the United States are generally required to pay a withholding 
tax on any foreign partners' share of income from such business. 
Further, in certain cases where a Form W-9 has not been received, a 
partnership is required to presume that a partner is a foreign person, 
and pay the withholding tax. Therefore, if you are a U.S. person that is a 
partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the United 
States, provide Form W9 to the partnership to establish your U.S. 
status and avoid withholding on your share of partnership income. 
Cat. No. 10231X 
Form W-9 (Rev. 12.2011) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251021 
DB-SDNY-0 104837 
EFTA01449417

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449418.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, by and through its authorized officer, has caused this instrument to be 
executed on the date listed below. 
(FOR BUSINESS USERS] 
Business Name 
Name/Title 
Signature 
Date 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS 
By 
Print Name/Tide 
Date 
[FOR ALL OTHER USERS] 
Account Namo 
NameMtle 
Signature 
Date 
WN113,1057 
010198080613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104838 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251022 
EFTA01449418

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449419.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch 
Wall Street, New York, NY 10005 
Certificate of Deposit Terms and Conditions Statement 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, a stock company organized under the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany ("Deutsche Bank AG" or "we," "us" or "our"), acting through its New York branch (NY Branch), has 
prepared this Terms and Conditions statement (Terms and Conditions Statement) in connection with the 
issuance by Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch of certificates of deposit (the "NY Branch CDs"). Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. (DBSI) is a U.S. registered broker-dealer and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche 
Bank AG. Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA) is a New York state•chartered bank and an indirect 
wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. We have appointed each of DBSI and DBTCA as placement 
agent with respect to the NY Branch CDs and may appoint other placement agents from time to time. The 
placement agents may engage third parties to perform clearing broker or custodial services with respect to the 
NY Branch CDs. Each CD is a deposit obligation of Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch. 
Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch's accounts and deposits, and any investment by you in the CDs issued by 
Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch, are NOT insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any 
other governmental agency of the United States, the Federal Republic of Germany or any other jurisdiction. 
This Terms and Conditions Statement sets forth the terms that will apply generally to the NY Branch CDs. 
Deutsche Bank AG will provide to you a Truth-In-Savings Rate Information Disclosure Addendum reflecting the 
specific terms of the NY Branch CDs that you purchase. You should review carefully this Terms and Conditions 
Statement and the Truth-In-Savings Rate Information Disclosure Addendum relating to your purchase of any NY 
Branch CD. 
The NY Branch CDs are only offered in jurisdictions where they can be legally made available and then only to 
persons meeting suitability standards imposed by state and federal law. This Terms and Conditions Statement is 
intended only for the recipient to whom it was provided by the applicable placement agent. 
The NY Branch CDs have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any other 
applicable securities law. The NY Branch CDs have not been approved or disapproved by the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC) or any state securities commission, nor has the SEC or any state securities 
commission passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this Terms and Conditions Statement. 
Payment to you of principal and interest owing in accordance with the terms of the NY Branch CDs depends on 
the financial solvency and ability to pay of Deutsche Bank AG and Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch at the time of 
maturity of the NY Branch CDs. The placement agents do not guarantee in any way the financial condition of 
Deutsche Bank AG or Deutsche Bank AG NY Branch. The NY Branch CDs are not obligations of DBTCA or any 
other placement agent. 
Placement Agents: 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
13-AWM-0099 
014078.022013 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104840 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251024 
EFTA01449419

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449420.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Account Holder Title 
K Individual 
K ITF/POD/ATF' ID Corporate 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Partnership 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Account Number 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Required: 
K Other: 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
For ITFIPOD/ATF See Supplemen al arms and Conditions 
I III 
Date of Power of Attorney 
13AWM-0059 
NAOSOD00015802-000104623 
006678 097913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104841 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251025 
EFTA01449420

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449421.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Title and Joint Application Information 
Name of Account Title 
Joint Applicant 
(last name, first name, middle initial) or Business 
(last name. first name, middle initial) 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
Address 
Address 
.....Not applicable_ 
City, State and Zip Code 
City, State and Zip Code 
Home Telephone Number 
Home Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
Date of Birth 
Date of Birth 
Name of Employer 
Address 
Not applicable 
City, State and Zip Code 
Name of Employer 
Address 
City, State and Zip Code 
Notice of Customer Identification Policy 
Important Information 
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who establishes an account, investment or 
other business relationship with a financial institution. This means that we will ask for your name, address, and other 
information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see identifying documents such as a certificate of 
formation or good standing (legal entities) or a passport or other photo identification (individuals). 
3rd EU Notice 
Governmental rules have also broadened the scope of the Bank's obligations to aid in the fight against money laundering 
and terrorist financing; these rules call for an active involvement of both asset management firms and their clients. For 
new and existing clients we currently have a legal obligation to ask our customers questions regarding their identities, 
addresses, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, beneficial owners or control 
structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, enhanced anti•money laundering 
requirements require that should any of the above personal or institutional information change, our clients would be 
obliged to immediately notify us of the change(s) and provide us with relevant documentation to verify these changes. 
Telephone, Facsimile or Email Instructions 
By signing below, you agree that from time to time you may give instructions by telephone, facsimile or email regarding 
the above captioned account(s) (defined herein as "Verbal Instructions"). It is understood that the risk of Verbal 
Instructions being given by person or persons purported to be you is your own. Absent the gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of Deusche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA), you agree to indemnify and hold harmless DBTCA for 
any claims, losses, expenses, costs or attorneys' fees resulting from DBTCA's acting upon such misunderstood and 
unauthorized Verbal Instructions. You understand that DBTCA may, but shall not be required to, seek verification of your 
verbal, facsimile or email instructions by call back. In case of doubt, DBTCA may in its sole discretion refuse to execute 
your Verbal Instructions or any part thereof, without incurring any liability. DBTCA is under no obligation to execute your 
Verbal Instructions to transfer funds or securities to any account(s) without written instructions bearing your original 
signature. 
Joint Account Disclosure 
You have opened a joint account with DBTCA and acknowledge receipt of the following information: This deposit and any 
additions to the account shall become the property of each owner as joint tenants, and DBTCA may release the entire 
account to any owner during the lifetime of all owners. DBTCA may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from 
any owner during the lifetime of all owners. The Bank may be required by service of legal process to remit funds held in 
the joint account to satisfy a judgment entered against, or other valid debt incurred by, any owner of the account. DBTCA 
may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s) and may treat the 
account as the sole property of the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s). Unless DBTCA receives written notice 
signed by any owner not to pay or deliver any joint deposit or addition or accrual. DBTCA shall not be liable to any owner 
for continuing to honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from any owner. After the receipt of the notice referred to 
in the previous sentence, DBTCA may require the written authorization of any or all joint owners for any further payments 
or deliveries. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104844 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251028 
EFTA01449421

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449422.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449422.pdf
----------------------------------------
ATM/Debit Service 
You agree that the retention or use of the ATM/Debit card constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions of the 
Cardholder Agreement contained in the Terms and Conditions of Deposit Accounts. 
Internet Banking Service 
If you have selected to receive Internet Banking Services, you understand that you will be required to enter into a 
separate Internet Banking Services Agreement with DBTCA before you can access the Internet Banking Service. 
Acknowledgement of Receipt of Privacy Notice 
By signing below, you acknowledge receipt of DBTCA's Privacy Notice included in the Application Package. 
Non-US Individuals: Confirmation of Tax and Compliance Responsibilities. 
You confirm that it is your responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable 
to you in any relevant jurisdictions that may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in your account(s) 
and your business relationship with DBTCA. 
Non-US Organizations: Confirmation of Tax and Compliance Responsibilities. 
You confirm that it is your responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable 
to it in any relevant jurisdictions that may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in your account(s) and 
your business relationship with DBTCA. Furthermore, you confirm that the necessary information (to the best of your 
knowledge and capabilities) is made available no less than annually to the relevant beneficial owner(s), settlor(s), 
beneficiary(ies), partner(s), etc. to enable hinn/her/ them to fulfill any respective tax obligations that may arise for him/her/ 
them in connection with your business relationship with DBTCA. 
Please complete and attach separate W-8 or W-9 documentation as applicable. 
Terms and Conditions and Representations 
By signing below, you acknowledge receipt of the Terms and Conditions for Deposit Accounts attached to this 
Application and agree to be bound by them. In addition, you agree to notify us immediately of any material change to 
the information provided by you on this Application. 
You represent and warrant that all of the information provided by you on this Application is accurate. 
The Terms and Conditions for Deposit Accounts are subject to change. 
Acceptance 
You understand that this application is subject to acceptance by DBTCA. 
Account Holder's Signature 
Joint Account Holders Signature 
For Bank Use Only Reviewed by: 
Date 
Date 
Name 
Title 
Date 
Accepted by DBTCA: 
Name 
Title 
Date 
Accepted by DBTCA: 
Name 
Title 
Date 
K NOC 
19AWM-0101 
013959.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104845 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251029 
EFTA01449422

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449423.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 
(Rev. December 2011) 
Deportment of the Tresswy 
Internal Revenue Service 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
Give Form to the 
requester. Do not 
send to the IRS. 
Print or type 
See Specific Instructions on page 2. 
Name (as shown o your ncome tax return) 
Business nameidaregarded entity name. if different from above 
Check appropriate box for federal tax classifioatiorc 
O Indwiduai/sole proprietor 
O C Corporation 
O S Corporation 
O 
Partnership O Trust/estate 
O Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C=C corporation. S=5 corporation. P=partnership)P 
O Other (see instructions) P' 
O Exempt payee 
Address (number, street, and apt. or suite no.) 
Requesters name and address (optional) 
City. state, and ZIP code 
LAI account number(s) here (options) 
Part I 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on the 'Name" line 
SocIal security number 
to avoid 
resident 
entities, 
backup withholding. For individuals, this is your social security number (SSN). However, for a 
alien, sole proprietor, or disregarded entity, see the Part I instructions on page 3. For other 
it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to get a 
- 
-
TIN on page 3. 
Note. If the account is in more than one name, see the chart on page 4 for guidelines on whose 
number to enter. 
Part 
[Employer identification number 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me), and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding, and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined below). 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding 
because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions, item 2 does not apply. For mortgage 
interest paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retirement arrangement (IRA), and 
generally, payments other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the certification, but you must provide your correct TIN. See the 
instructions on page 4. 
Sign 
Here 
Signature of 
U.S. person P 
Date P. 
General Instructions 
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code unless otherwise 
noted. 
Purpose of Form 
A person who is required to file an information return with the IRS must 
obtain your correct taxpayer identification number (TIN) to report, for 
example, income paid to you, real estate transactions, mortgage interest 
you paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation 
of debt, or contributions you made to an IRA. 
Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person (including a resident 
alien), to provide your correct TIN to the person requesting it (the 
requester) and, when applicable, to: 
1. Certify that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a 
number to be issued). 
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, or 
3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt 
payee. If applicable, you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, your 
allocable share of any partnership income from a U.S. trade or business 
is not subject to the withholding tax on foreign partners' share of 
effectively connected income. 
Note. If a requester gives you a form other than Form W-9 to request 
your TIN, you must use the requester's form if it is substantially similar 
to this Form W-9. 
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes, you are 
considered a U.S. person if you are: 
• An individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien, 
• A partnership, corporation, company, or association created or 
organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States, 
• An estate (other than a foreign estate), or 
• A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701-7). 
Special rules for partnerships. Partnerships that conduct a trade or 
business in the United States are generally required to pay a withholding 
tax on any foreign partners' share of income from such business. 
Further, in certain cases where a Form W-9 has not been received, a 
partnership is required to presume that a partner is a foreign person, 
and pay the withholding tax. Therefore, if you are a U.S. person that is a 
partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the United 
States, provide Form W9 to the partnership to establish your U.S. 
status and avoid withholding on your share of partnership income. 
Cat. No. 10231X 
Form W-9 (Rev. 12.2011) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251030 
DB-SDNY-0104846 
EFTA01449423

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449424.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449424.pdf
----------------------------------------
Bercode_Num 
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
DB Private Wealth Online Plus Account Opening Application 
Ar 
Client Information 
Client/Company Name 
Online Contact Name 
Title 
Address 
City 
Phone Number 
Not applicable 
State 
Zip Code 
Email address 
Accounts and Services (please check services for each account) 
Balance & 
Account 
Activitiy 
Book 
Number 
Reporting 
Transfer 
K 
Bill Pay 
K 
ACH 
K 
Wire 
Positive Pay 
Transfer 
(Fees Apply) 
K 
Account 
Reconciliation 
(Fess Apply) 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
K 
ACH Daily Limit $ 
Wire Transfer Daily Limit $ 
The ACM Daily limit is the daily aggregate dollar amount of ACM transactions (payments and 
collections) you may send through Private Wealth Online Plus. The Wire Transfer Daily Limit is the 
daily aggregate dollar amount of wire transfers you may transmit through Private Wealth Online Plus. 
Note: By signing below, you acknowledge and agree that Deutsche Bank wIll make reasonable efforts to adhere to the ACH Daily Limit and Wire Transfer 
Daily Limit set forth herein. but shall have no obligation to do so. Further. you acknowledge and agree that, in accordance with the terms of the Internet 
Banking Services Agreement. Deutsche Bank may place land adjust) daily dollar limits on the amount that may be transferred at any time, and from time to 
time, for any reason or for no reason. 
Wire Transfer Security Code (Optional) Alpha Numeric Security Code 6-25 characters 
Security Code 
If I have selected to receive Internet Banking Services, I understand that I will 
be required to enter a separate Internet Banking Services Agreement with 
Deutsche Bank before I can access the Internet Banking Service. 
Account Holder's Signature 
Print Name 
Date 
Note: Access to DB InSight is the recommended portal to DB Private Wealth Online 
For Office Use Only: 
Primary Officer: 
Secondary Officer: 
Prepared by: 
Date: 
Approved by 
Wealth Advisor 
Date: 
NAOSOD00015602-000104811 
13-AWM.0135 009614.032813 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104848 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251032 
EFTA01449424

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449425.pdf
----------------------------------------
AUTHORIZED SIGNER(S): 
If any Authorized Signer named below is an entity and not a natural person, please attach an Authorized Signatory list. 
Print Name 
Title 
Signature 
Authorized (select one): 
K Individually 
K Jointly with  
K Other 
K Check only if the above Authorized Signer is authorized to grant powers enumerated in these LLC Resolutions to agents. 
Print Name 
Title 
Signature 
Authorized (select one): 
K Individually 
K Jointly with  
K Other 
K Check only if the above Authorized Signer is authorized to grant powers enumerated in these LLC Resolutions to agents. 
Print Name 
Authorized (select one): 
K Individually 
Title 
K Jointly with 
Signature 
K Other 
K Check only if the above Authorized Signer is authorized to grant powers enumerated in these LLC Resolutions to agents. 
Print Name 
Authorized (select one): 
K Individually 
Title 
Signature 
K Jointly with  
K Other 
K Check only if the above Authorized Signer is authorized to grant powers enumerated in these LLC Resolutions to agents. 
2. The above LLC Resolutions are in full force and effect and have not been modified or amended since the date shown below. 
3. The Bank may rely conclusively on the instructions of the Authorized Signer(s) in every respect unless or until the Bank receives written 
notification of the revocation and has had reasonable time to act on such notice. 
4. No one other than the Company has any interest in Accounts) opened and maintained in the name of the Company. 
5. The titles and names of the Authorized Signer(s) appearing above, whose signatures appear above or on any attached signatory list, are 
true, correct and genuine. 
The authorities previously granted to any Authorized Signer not named herein are hereby revoked. 
In witness whereof, on the date shown below, I have subscribed my signature. 
Signature:  
Print Name and Title:  
Date of this Certificate of LLC Resolutions:  
(Fin in date - this document is not valid if date is left blank' 
• 'If the manager, member or other authorized officer is one of the Authorized Signers named above, this Certificate of LLC Resolutions 
must be confirmed below by another manager, member or officer of the Company who is not designated an Authorized Signer 
above unless the Authorized Signers are the only members of the Company. 
Confirmation Signature:  
Print Name and Title:  
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
12.PVVM.0180 (03/121 
010700.030612 
DB-SDNY-0104850 
SDNY_GM_00251034 
EFTA01449425

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449426.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449426.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Account Holder Title 
Account Number 
K Individual 
K DTF/POD/ATF• K Corporate 
❑a  Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Required: 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Partnership 
K Other: 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
For ITFIPOD/ATF See Supplomen al arms and Conditions 
I III 
Date of Power of Attorney 
I3AWM4:059 
NAOSOD00015602-000104611 
OC/3678 CI30:913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104851 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251035 
EFTA01449426

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449427.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Account Holder Title 
Account Number 
K Individual 
K fTF/POD/ATF• K Corporate 
❑x  Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Required: 
K Joint. with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Partnership 
K Other: 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
For ITFIPOD/ATF See Supplomen al arms and Conditions 
I III 
Date of Power of Attorney 
13-AWM-005S 
NAOSOD00015602-000104611 
O03678 COC913 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104852 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251036 
EFTA01449427

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449428.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Title and Joint Application Information 
Name of Account Title 
Joint Applicant 
(last name, first name, middle initial) or Business 
(last name. first name, middle initial) 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID Number 
Address 
Address 
.....Not applicable_ 
City, State and Zip Code 
City, State and Zip Code 
Home Telephone Number 
Home Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
Business Telephone Number 
Date of Birth 
Date of Birth 
Name of Employer 
Address 
Not applicable 
City, State and Zip Code 
Name of Employer 
Address 
City, State and Zip Code 
Notice of Customer Identification Policy 
Important Information 
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who establishes an account, investment or 
other business relationship with a financial institution. This means that we will ask for your name, address, and other 
information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see identifying documents such as a certificate of 
formation or good standing (legal entities) or a passport or other photo identification (individuals). 
3rd EU Notice 
Governmental rules have also broadened the scope of the Bank's obligations to aid in the fight against money laundering 
and terrorist financing; these rules call for an active involvement of both asset management firms and their clients. For 
new and existing clients we currently have a legal obligation to ask our customers questions regarding their identities, 
addresses, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, beneficial owners or control 
structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, enhanced anti•money laundering 
requirements require that should any of the above personal or institutional information change, our clients would be 
obliged to immediately notify us of the change(s) and provide us with relevant documentation to verify these changes. 
Telephone, Facsimile or Email Instructions 
By signing below, you agree that from time to time you may give instructions by telephone, facsimile or email regarding 
the above captioned account(s) (defined herein as "Verbal Instructions"). It is understood that the risk of Verbal 
Instructions being given by person or persons purported to be you is your own. Absent the gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of Deusche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA), you agree to indemnify and hold harmless DBTCA for 
any claims, losses, expenses, costs or attorneys' fees resulting from DBTCA's acting upon such misunderstood and 
unauthorized Verbal Instructions. You understand that DBTCA may, but shall not be required to, seek verification of your 
verbal, facsimile or email instructions by call back. In case of doubt, DBTCA may in its sole discretion refuse to execute 
your Verbal Instructions or any part thereof, without incurring any liability. DBTCA is under no obligation to execute your 
Verbal Instructions to transfer funds or securities to any account(s) without written instructions bearing your original 
signature. 
Joint Account Disclosure 
You have opened a joint account with DBTCA and acknowledge receipt of the following information: This deposit and any 
additions to the account shall become the property of each owner as joint tenants, and DBTCA may release the entire 
account to any owner during the lifetime of all owners. DBTCA may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from 
any owner during the lifetime of all owners. The Bank may be required by service of legal process to remit funds held in 
the joint account to satisfy a judgment entered against, or other valid debt incurred by, any owner of the account. DBTCA 
may honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s) and may treat the 
account as the sole property of the survivor(s) after the death of any owner(s). Unless DBTCA receives written notice 
signed by any owner not to pay or deliver any joint deposit or addition or accrual. DBTCA shall not be liable to any owner 
for continuing to honor checks, orders or withdrawal requests from any owner. After the receipt of the notice referred to 
in the previous sentence, DBTCA may require the written authorization of any or all joint owners for any further payments 
or deliveries. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104854 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251038 
EFTA01449428

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449429.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449429.pdf
----------------------------------------
ATM/Debit Service 
You agree that the retention or use of the ATM/Debit card constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions of the 
Cardholder Agreement contained in the Terms and Conditions of Deposit Accounts. 
Internet Banking Service 
If you have selected to receive Internet Banking Services, you understand that you will be required to enter into a 
separate Internet Banking Services Agreement with DBTCA before you can access the Internet Banking Service. 
Acknowledgement of Receipt of Privacy Notice 
By signing below, you acknowledge receipt of DBTCA's Privacy Notice included in the Application Package. 
Non-US Individuals: Confirmation of Tax and Compliance Responsibilities. 
You confirm that it is your responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable 
to you in any relevant jurisdictions that may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in your account(s) 
and your business relationship with DBTCA. 
Non-US Organizations: Confirmation of Tax and Compliance Responsibilities. 
You confirm that it is your responsibility to fulfill any tax obligations and any other regulatory reporting duties applicable 
to it in any relevant jurisdictions that may arise in connection with assets, income or transactions in your account(s) and 
your business relationship with DBTCA. Furthermore, you confirm that the necessary information (to the best of your 
knowledge and capabilities) is made available no less than annually to the relevant beneficial owner(s), settlor(s), 
beneficiary(ies), partner(s), etc. to enable hinn/her/ them to fulfill any respective tax obligations that may arise for him/her/ 
them in connection with your business relationship with DBTCA. 
Please complete and attach separate W-8 or W-9 documentation as applicable. 
Terms and Conditions and Representations 
By signing below, you acknowledge receipt of the Terms and Conditions for Deposit Accounts attached to this 
Application and agree to be bound by them. In addition, you agree to notify us immediately of any material change to 
the information provided by you on this Application. 
You represent and warrant that all of the information provided by you on this Application is accurate. 
The Terms and Conditions for Deposit Accounts are subject to change. 
Acceptance 
You understand that this application is subject to acceptance by DBTCA. 
Account Holder's Signature 
Joint Account Holders Signature 
For Bank Use Only Reviewed by: 
Date 
Date 
Name 
Title 
Date 
Accepted by DBTCA: 
Name 
Title 
Date 
Accepted by DBTCA: 
Name 
Title 
Date 
K NOC 
19AWM-0101 
013959.032613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104855 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251039 
EFTA01449429

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449430.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 
(Rev. December 2011) 
Deportment of the Treany 
Internal Reveres Service 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
Give Form to the 
requester. Do not 
send to the IRS. 
Print or type 
See Specific Instructions on page 2. 
Name (as shown o your ncome tax return) 
Business nameidaregarded entity name. if different from above 
Check appropriate box for federal tax classifioatiorc 
O Indwiduai/sole proprietor 
O C Corporation 
O S Corporation 
O 
Partnership O Trust/estate 
O Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C=C corporation. S=5 corporation. P=partnership)P 
O Other (see instructions) P' 
O Exempt payee 
Address (number, street, and apt. or suite no.) 
Requesters name and address (optional) 
City. state, and ZIP code 
LAI account number(s) here (options) 
Part I 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on the 'Name" line 
SocIal security number 
to avoid 
resident 
entities, 
backup withholding. For individuals, this is your social security number (SSN). However, for a 
alien, sole proprietor, or disregarded entity, see the Part I instructions on page 3. For other 
it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to get a 
- 
-
TIN on page 3. 
Note. If the account is in more than one name, see the chart on page 4 for guidelines on whose 
number to enter. 
Part II 
[Employer Identification number 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me), and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding, and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined below). 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding 
because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions, item 2 does not apply. For mortgage 
interest paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retirement arrangement (IRA), and 
generally, payments other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the certification, but you must provide your correct TIN. See the 
instructions on page 4. 
Sign 
Here 
Signature of 
U.S. person P 
Date P. 
General Instructions 
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code unless otherwise 
noted. 
Purpose of Form 
A person who is required to file an information return with the IRS must 
obtain your correct taxpayer identification number (TIN) to report, for 
example, income paid to you, real estate transactions, mortgage interest 
you paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation 
of debt, or contributions you made to an IRA. 
Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person (including a resident 
alien), to provide your correct TIN to the person requesting it (the 
requester) and, when applicable, to: 
1. Certify that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a 
number to be issued). 
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, or 
3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt 
payee. If applicable, you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, your 
allocable share of any partnership income from a U.S. trade or business 
is not subject to the withholding tax on foreign partners' share of 
effectively connected income. 
Note. If a requester gives you a form other than Form W-9 to request 
your TIN, you must use the requester's form if it is substantially similar 
to this Form W-9. 
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes, you are 
considered a U.S. person if you are: 
• An individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien, 
• A partnership, corporation, company, or association created or 
organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States, 
• An estate (other than a foreign estate), or 
• A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701-7). 
Special rules for partnerships. Partnerships that conduct a trade or 
business in the United States are generally required to pay a withholding 
tax on any foreign partners' share of income from such business. 
Further, in certain cases where a Form W-9 has not been received, a 
partnership is required to presume that a partner is a foreign person, 
and pay the withholding tax. Therefore, if you are a U.S. person that is a 
partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the United 
States, provide Form W9 to the partnership to establish your U.S. 
status and avoid withholding on your share of partnership income. 
Cat. No. 10231X 
Form W-9 (Rev. 12.2011) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251040 
DB-SDNY-0 104856 
EFTA01449430

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449431.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449431.pdf
----------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, by and through its authorized officer, has caused this instrument to be 
executed on the date listed below. 
(FOR BUSINESS USERS] 
Business Name 
Name/Title 
Signature 
Date 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS 
By 
Print Name/Tide 
Date 
[FOR ALL OTHER USERS] 
Account Namo 
NameMtle 
Signature 
Date 
WN113,1057 
010198080613 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104857 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251041 
EFTA01449431

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449432.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449432.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Account Holder Title 
K Individual 
K ITF/PODIATF• K Corporate 
Account Number 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Required: 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Pannetshlp 
K Other: 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
Date of Power of Attorney 
or ITF/POD/ATP See Supplemen al elms and Conditions 
II 1111 
13-AWM-0359 
NAOSOD00015602-000104611 
OO3678 0939'13 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104859 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251043 
EFTA01449432

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449433.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449433.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Asset 
& Wealth Management 
Signature Ca rd 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Account Holder Title 
Account Number 
K Individual 
K ITF/POD/ATF• K Corporate 
K Limited Liability 
Number of Signatures 
Corporation 
Requited: 
K Joint, with Rights K Joint, Tenants K Pannership 
K Other: 
of Survivorship 
in Common 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Signature 
Print Name 
Approved 
Power of Attorney 
Date 
Specimen Signature 
Date of Power of Attorney 
• For ITFMOD/ATF See Supplemental Terms and Conditions 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104860 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251044 
EFTA01449433

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449434.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449434.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104861 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251045 
EFTA01449434

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449435.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104862 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251046 
EFTA01449435

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449436.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER. 0443 
ACCOUNT NUMBE 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL 
SECURITY NUMBER-
T 
1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) C O 
r TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
1..1J 
Nonretiremeni: 
SN—ISinglei 
—Womb TR —(Trustl CT —Mistrusts.) CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —(Estate) 
BC — (Bank Custody) AG-Mooney) 
Retirement: 
IR — (Traditional IRAI RI—(Roth IRA) DR —(/Direct Rollover) BI—(Beneficiary) BR —(Beneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(40Ik) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) OP —(Qualihed Plan) 4B—(403b) 
7B —(457 Plan) HS—(488'1h Savings Account) 5P-(525 Plan) 
OT—i0ther) 
Other: 
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER.
ACCOUNT NUMBER. 
FIRM NAME: JP Morgan 
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED) 
CONTACT NAME' 
ACCOUNT TITLE. (As it appears on your statement) 
FIRM ADDRESS- (No PO Box) 
— 
— 
— 
CITY' 
 STATE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
NOTE 
It statement is necessary to process this form. 
Southern Financial, Ur 
ZIP:  
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only o 
A. ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
FULL (Check one below) 
TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN MND (Skip to Sedan VI) 
O LIQUIDATE ALL ASSETS LIST ED IN SECTION IV (Liquidations are not lor brokerage acctunts) 
TRANSFER AU. ASSETS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USTED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
U FULL (Check one below) 
SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
O TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
O PARTIAL (List assets in Section N) 
NOTE: For transfer agents. electronically send positions or issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem tractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECTLY AT THE FUND COMPANY ISee Est in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
O UOUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an earty withdrawal, 
O UOUIDATE AT MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Specify maturity date 'submit two to three weeks before maturity date).
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts. or savings accounts can only be processed from retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
DATE 
I
s
I
i
:
I
i
RPC)- 150 ACAT 
an PWIA-0697 It0a30) Pant 2 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104865 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251049 
EFTA01449436

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449437.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
QUANTITY 
ASSET DESCRiPTON 
CUSir/SYMSOL FUND ACCOUNT 
NUMBER 
TRANSFER iNSTRUCTIONS• 
DIVIDEND OPTION" 
CAPITAL GAIN 
OPTION 
ESTIMATED S 
VALUE 
O Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 
CI Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash LI Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Newest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash LI Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *rid 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *rid 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  j Cash LI Reinvest 
II you have requested a awidation, your market price is not gusanteed. Yee will receive the current merket price after your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering firm. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
in the review process. DRS items cannot be !podded. 
it this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing wilt 
PrOCOS$ this request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
is Age 70' - restrictions. It you are at 
he age of 70 this year and you are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualified plan or 4030d 
account. you may be required to take a minimum dstribuhon (HMCo) from your qualified plan or 40310) account before rolling over your assets. 
It Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the lutes and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax proton:0nel. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume full responsibility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in lunds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
J 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
-1 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
(Insert Firm Nanw) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
DAT E 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering I urn Named Abon• 
the trustee listed above. unless moor A 
try 
:5.-tre.'er 411 At.if!..2-..n ri. .1:.<.(tn: :0 re:F.Inp, 
may be transferred within the time frames required by NYSt Hub 412 or smear rule of the NASD or other deugnated examining authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I author?). yeti to liquidate any nontrandarable propnelary money market fund assets that we part of my account and transfer 
the reniting credo balance to the successor custodian I authorize you to deduct any outstandng lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a Credit balance. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due to you. I authorize you 10 
liquidate the assets in my account to the extent necessary lo steely that obligation. II cerelicates or other instruments n my account are in Wit physical 
possession. I instruct you to transfer them in good deliverable form, inducing affixing any necessary tax waivers, to enable the successor custodian to transfer 
them in as name nor the purpose of the sale, when. and as directed to me. I understand that upon receiving a copy of the (raider intOrMalKal, you will cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued tome n CCnneCtiOn 
with my brokerage Scented I understand that you will Contact me With respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nontransferable. 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE. 
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
CUSIP' belongs to its respective owner 
P140A 059/ I IOW) Pane 3 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104866 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251050 
EFTA01449437

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449438.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449438.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
46-023812
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
CluAFETITY 
ASSET DESCRIPTION 
CUSIPISYMBOT FUND ACCOUNT 
Nt eaBER 
TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS' 
CAPITA_ GAIN 
DIVIDEND CeTION' 
OPTOhe 
ESTimATED S 
VALVE 
2,200 
US Dollar 
OUSDPRAA7 
al Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate CI Cash D Reinvest J Cash LI Reinvest 
HtLeRS.S7 
-1 
-19 I
US Dollar 
0USDPRAA7 
S Transfer in Kind D Liquidate CI Cash Ll Reeves! ..I Cash U Reinvest 
PS LIS Gold Put 74347%119Di 
El Transfer in lend CI Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Renew, j Cash LI Reinvest 
PS US Gold Put 74347W9DI 
S Transfer in Kind D Liquidate CI Cash CI Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in Kind D Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash LI Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate CI Cash CI Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash LI Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  LI Cash J Reinvest 
II you have requested a legs0on, your market price is not gusanteest. You will receive the current market puce after your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering firm. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
in the review process. DRS items Cannot be liquidated. 
II this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
PrOCAlS$ thus request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
ui Age 70" restrictions. II you are at areal the age of 70 this year and you are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualilied plan or 40300 
account. you may be required to take a minimum dstributi.on (HMCo) from your qualified plan or 40310) account before rolling over your assets. 
II Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the lutes and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due t0 the important 
tax consequences ol rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax proton:out. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume lull responsibility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in funds or other properly as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
J 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
J 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
(Insert Firm Name) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
DAT E 
VI . PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering Firm Named Aboer 
the trustee listed Above. Unless 0tneoz 
re 
411 
.n ri.
.1:.<.(tn: :0 re:F.Inp, 
may be transferred within the time frames required by NYSt Hub 412 or smear rule of the NASD or other deegnated exernming authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I authorize you to liquidate any nontransferable proprietary money market fund assets that we part ol my account and transfer 
the malting credit balance to the successor custodian I authorize you to deduct any ouistandng lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a credit Delence. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due to you. I authorize you to 
liquidate the assets ri my account to the extent necessary to sately that obligation. II cerelicates or other instruments n my account are in Wit physic-al 
possession, I instruct you to trends: them in good deliverable Men including affixing any necessary tax wavers, to enable the successor custodian to transfer 
them in es name for Be purpose of the sale, when. and as directed torus. I understand that upon receiving a copy of ths kanslor information, you val cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued to men connection 
with my brokerage aCCOtan I understand Mel you well CallaCt Me with respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nontransferable. 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE. 
Please attach your most recent btokerage account statement to piocess this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
CUSIP' belongs to its respective owner 
CO PVIM 059/ I IOW) Rigor 3 ol 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104869 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251053 
EFTA01449438

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449439.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449439.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing) the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
• 
Provide your Pershing account number 
II 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
• 
II the account is a pint account, provide the SSN or TIN for the Joint owner 
• 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
IL DEI IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
• 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
MI 
Provide me original account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
• 
Provid': 
r 
n your statement for the account you are transfernng. 
III . TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only one) 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and price you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. \Mien you receive the check. mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING, ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
Ita 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
• 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual fund position from the mutual fund company. 
• 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or deter these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments (Please read section V and sign when applicable.) 
IV PARTIAL. TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL. FUNDS AND I IOUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
IM 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation INSCC) firms. 
• 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. II a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 In, read this section carefully Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
• 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
• 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees alter the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: II you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
El 
Sign and date the form 
• 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
PWItil 059/ 00.09) Page lot 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104870 
SONY GM_00251054 
EFTA01449439

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449440.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER. 0443 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL 
SECURITY NUMBER: T 
1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) C 0 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
1..1J 
Nonretiremeni: 
SN—ISinglei 
—Womb TR —(Trustl CT —(Canumit.) CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —)Estate) 
BC- (Bank Custody) AG —(Agency) 
Retirement: 
IR — (Traditional IRAI RI—(Roth IRA) DR —(Direct Rollover) BI—(Beneficiary) BR —(Beneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(40Ik) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) OP —(Qualrhed Plan) 4B—(403b) 
7B—(457 Plan) HS—(Heallh Savings Account) 5P-(525 Plan) 
OT—rOther) 
Other: 
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: a 
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED) 
FIRM NAME: JP Morgan 
CONTACT NAME' 
ACCOUNT TITLE. (As it appears on your statement) 
FIRM ADDRESS. (No PO Box) 
— 
— 
CITY' 
 STATE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
NOTE 
It statement is necessary to process this form. 
Southern Trust Company, Inc 
ZIP:  
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only 
A. ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
FULL (Check one below) 
TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN MND (Skip It/Sedan VI) 
LIQUIDATE ALL ASSETS LIST ED IN SECTION IV (Liquidations are not lor brokerage accounts) 
TRANSFER AU. ASSETS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USIED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
U FULL (Check one below) 
SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
O TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
O PARTIAL (List assets m Section N) 
NOTE: For transler agents. electronically send positions or issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem tractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
LI TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECTLY AT THE FUND COMPANY ISee Est in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
O UOUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an earty withdrawal, 
O UOUIDATE AT MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Specify maturity date 'submit two to three weeks before maturity date).
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts. or savings accounts can only be processed from retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
DATE 
I! 
RPC)-150 ACAT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251055 
arEPWIA-06.97 NOW) P.yot 2 or 3 
DB-SDNY-0104871 
EFTA01449440

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449441.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account JIM 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
eukpr ire 
ASSET DESCRiPTON 
CUSIP./SYMBOLFUND
frel 
TRANSFER
TRANSFERiNSTRUCTIONS• 
DIVIDEND OPTION" 
tABER 
ACCOU NT 
CAPOAL CAIN 
OPTIOhF 
ESTIMATED 
VALUE 
57,000 
Ally pfd 
02005N308 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash U Ramer J Cash 0 Reinvest 1.525mm 
CI Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Renvest ..I Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in 14nd 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinter U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
Transfer in 14nd 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in Igrid 0 tiquidem 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  j Cash U Reinvest 
II you have requested a rqulatIon, your market price is not gee/awed. YOu will receive the current Market price after your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering firm. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
in the review process. DRS ibbrilS cannot be liquidated. 
II this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
PrOCOS$ this request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
Hi Age 70' - restrictions. It you are at least me age of 70 this year and you are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualilied plan or 40300 
account. you may be required to lake a minimum diasibuti.on (RMO) from your qualified plan or 40310) account before rolling over your assets. 
It Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the rules and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax prolevuonal. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume full responsibility for this transaCtion and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in funds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
U 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
U 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
(how Firm Name) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
DAT E 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering f urn Named Aboso 
the trustee listed above. unless Oleo oz 
re 
pif,f, :5 in er 411 L:! .:n ri,4:.<.c. .: :0 re:F.Inp, 
may be transferred within the time frames required by NYSL Rule 412 or smiler rule of the NASD or other deugnated exorening authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I /willowe you to liquidate any nontransferable propnelary money market fund assets that we pert of my account and transfer 
the retailing credo balance to the SUCCUSWI Custodian I authorize you to deduct any outstanding lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a Credit balance. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due to you. I authorize you 10 
liquidate the assets in my account to the extent necessary to satisfy that Obligation. II ceiblicales or other instruments n my account are in wit physical 
possession. I instruct you to transfer Maim in good deliverable fonn, including affixing any necessary tax waivers, to enable the successor custodian to transfer 
them in its name nor the purpose of the sale, when. and as defeated to me. I understand that upon meowing a copy of this IL:writer inforMaIxon, you will cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued tome n connection 
with my brokerage OCCOtra I understand that you will contact me vnth respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nontransferable. 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE  
-
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CUSIP' belongs to its respective owner 
I.WPA 059/ I IO/C0) Paw, 3 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104872 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251056 
EFTA01449441

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449442.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449442.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby [ 
Sent: 
9/18/2013 4:03:28 PM 
To: 
iMMPOOPM= 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Kevin Quinn [-
Subject: 
ACATS 
Attachments: SF Acat Form.pdf; ST Acat Forml.pdf; ST ACAT Form2.pdf; pic28513.gif; pic22186.gif 
Classification: Public 
Hi, 
Please have Jeffrey sign and date the following 3 attachments on the 
highlighted lines and return to me. I will be sending the ACATs for Haze and 
Jeepers in a separate email. Let me know if you have any questions. 
And please send over the financial for Southern Trust and Southern Financial 
when you have a moment so we can move forward with the ISDA's 
(See attached file: SF Acat Form.pdf)(See attached file: ST Acat Forml.pdf) 
(see attached file: ST ACAT Form2.pdf) 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28513.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
mew York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22186.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104873 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251057 
EFTA01449442

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449443.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing) the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
• 
Provide your Pershing account number 
II 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
• 
II the account is a pint account, provide the SSN or TIN for the Joint owner 
• 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
IL DEI IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
• 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
MI 
Provide me original account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
• 
Provid': 
r 
n your statement for the account you are transfernng. 
III . TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only one) 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and price you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. \Mien you receive the check. mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING, ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
Ita 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
• 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual fund position from the mutual fund company. 
• 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or deter these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments (Please read section V and sign when applicable.) 
IV PARTIAL. TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL. FUNDS AND I IOUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
IM 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation INSCC) firms. 
• 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. II a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 In, read this section carefully Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
• 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
• 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees alter the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: II you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
El 
Sign and date the form 
• 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
PWItil 059/ 00.09) Page lot 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104874 
SONY GM_00251058 
EFTA01449443

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449444.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449444.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER 0443 
ACCOUNT NUMBER 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL 
SECURITY NUMBER.
T 
1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) C O 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION ,-
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
Nonretiremeni: 
SN—ISingiel 
—Womb TR —(Trustl CT —Manumit.) CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —(Estate) 
BC- (Bank Custody) AG —(Agency) 
Retirement: 
IR — (Traditional IRA( RI—(Roth IRA) DR —(Direct Rollover) BI—(Beneficiary) BR —(Beneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(40Ik) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) OP —(Qualihed Plan) 4B—(403b) 
7B—(457 Plan) HS—(Health Savings Account) 5P-(525 Plan) 
OT — tOther) 
Other: 
1..1J
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER 
FIRM NAME: JP Morgan 
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED) 
CONTACT NAME' 
ACCOUNT TITLE. (As it appears on your statement) 
FIRM ADDRESS. (No PO Boa) 
— 
— 
— 
CITY' 
 STATE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
NOTE 
It statement is necessary to process this form. 
Southern Financial, lir 
ZIP:  
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only on,?: 
A. ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
FULL (Check one below) 
TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN )3ND (Skip to Section VI) 
O LIQUIDATE ALL ASSETS LIST ED IN SECTION IV (Liquidations are not lor brokerage acoounts) 
TRANSFER AU. ASSETS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USTED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
U FULL (Check one below) 
SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
O TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
O PARTIAL (List assets in Section N) 
NOTE: For transfer agents. electronically send positions or issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem tractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
LI TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECTLY AT THE FUND COMPANY 'See list in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
O UOUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an earty withdrawal. 
O UOUIDATE AT MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Specify maturity date 'submit two to three weeks before maturity date).
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts. or savings accounts can only be processed from retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
DATE 
RPD-I50 ACAT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251059 
0.9-PWM-0697 00,30) [Woe 2 013 
DB-SDNY-0104875 
EFTA01449444

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449445.pdf
----------------------------------------
N4C-02:O10-1 
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
QUANTITY 
ASSET DESCRiPTON 
CUSIPTiSYMEOL FUND ACCOUNT 
NUMBER 
TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS' 
DIVIDEND COTTION' 
CAPITAL GAIN 
OPTION 
ESTIMATED S 
VALUE 
O Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 
CI Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest ..I Cash LI Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Renver U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *net 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash LI Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *net 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  j Cash LI Reinvest 
II you have requested a iguidellon, your market pilot is not guaranteed. You will receive the current market puce after your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering firm. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
in the review process. DRS items cannot be liquidated. 
II this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
PrO0Oss this request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
III Age 70! - restrictions. It you are at 
the age of 70 this year and you are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualilied plan or 4030o) 
account. you may be required to lake a minimum dstributi.on (HMCo) from your qualified plan or 40310) account before rolling over your assets. 
II Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the tubs and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax proton:mud. All information provided by rne is true and correct 
and may be faked on by Pershing LLC. I assume full responsibility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in lunds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
U 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
U 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
(I111.111 Firm Nanw) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering f am Named Abosi.• 
the trustee listed above. unless Moo/ 
re 
pleyso ityorl'er 
ri,4:.<.c. .: :0 re:F.Inp 
,11(r 
may he trangerred within the time frames required by NYSt Rule 412 or smear ruie of the NASD or other deugnated examining authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I authorize you to liquidate any nontransferable propnelary money market fund assets that we part of my account and transfer 
the resalling credit balance to the successor custodian I authorize you to deduct any outstandng lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a credit balance. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due to you. I authorize you 10 
liquidate the assets ri my account to the extent necessary I0 satisly that Obligation. II ceitalcales a other instruments n my account are in you physical 
possession. I instruct you to transfer them in good deliverable form, induchng affixing any necessary tax waivers, to enable the successor custodian to transfer 
them in es name la the purpose of the sale, when. and as directed to me. I understand that upon receiving a copy of the transfer information, you nil cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued tome in connection 
with my brokerage account I understand that you wrap:intact me with respect tO the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nontransferable. 
=NATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE. 
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
CUSIP' belongs to its respective owner 
MIA 059/ I IOW) Page 3 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104876 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251060 
EFTA01449445

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449446.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing) the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
• 
Provide your Pershing account number 
II 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
• 
II the account is a pint account, provide the SSN or TIN for the Joint owner 
• 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
IL DEI IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
• 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
MI 
Provide me original account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
• 
Provid': 
r 
n your statement for the account you are transfernng. 
III . TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only one) 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and price you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. \Mien you receive the check. mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING, ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
Ita 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
• 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual fund position from the mutual fund company. 
• 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or deter these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments (Please read section V and sign when applicable.) 
IV PARTIAL. TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL. FUNDS AND I IOUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
IM 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation INSCC) firms. 
• 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. II a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 In, read this section carefully Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
• 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
• 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees alter the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: II you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
El 
Sign and date the form 
• 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
PWItil 059/ 00.09) Page lot 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104877 
SONY GM_00251081 
EFTA01449446

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449447.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER 0443 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL r 
SECURITY NUMBER: T 
1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) C 0 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
1..1J 
Nonretiremeni: 
SN—ISinglei 
—Womb TR —( %NI CT —Manuals.) CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —(Estate) 
BC- (Bank Custody) AO-Mooney) 
Retirement: 
IR — (Traditional IRA( RI—(Roth IRA) DR —(/Direct Rollover) BI—(Beneficiary) BR —(Beneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(4OIk) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) OP —(Qualihed Plan) 4B—(403b) 
7B—(457 Plan) HS—(Heallh Savings Account) 5P-(525 Plan) 
OT — tOther) 
Other: 
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
FIRM NAME: JP Morgan 
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED) 
CONTACT NAME' 
ACCOUNT TITLE. (As it appears on your statement) 
FIRM ADDRESS. (No PO Box) 
— 
— 
— 
CITY' 
 STATE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
NOTE 
It statement is necessary to process this form. 
ZIP:  
Southern Trust Comport,. Inc 
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only 
A. ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
FULL (Check one below) 
TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN KIND (Skip It/ Section VI) 
LIQUIDATE ALL ASSETS LIST ED IN SECTION IV (Liquidations are not lor brokerage accounts) 
TRANSFER AU. ASSETS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USTED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
U FULL (Check one below) 
SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
O TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
O PARTIAL (List assets in Section N) 
NOTE: For transfer agents. electronically send positions or issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem tractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
La TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECTLY AT THE FUND COMPANY ISee Est in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
O UOUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an earty withdrawal, 
O UOUIDATE AT MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Specify maturity date 'submit two to three weeks before maturity date).
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts. or savings accounts can only be processed from retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
DATE 
I 
RPD• 150 ACAT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251062 
COPWIA-06.97 IT O:00) P.yot 2 of 3 
DB-SDNY-0104878 
EFTA01449447

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449448.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there arc more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
auAWRY 
ASSET DESCRIPTION 
CUSIPISYMBOt. FUND ACCOUNT 
PABER 
TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS' 
CAPITA_ GAIN 
DrviDEND OPTION" 
OPTIOhF 
ESTIMATED S 
VALUE 
2,200 
US Dollar 
OUSDPRAA7 
le Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash LI Reinvest 
96,uRR.117 
-1 
-19 
US Dollar 
0USDPRAA7 
S Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest ..I Cash LS Reinvest 
PS LIS Gold Put 74347W9D1 
e Transfer in Kind CI Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Newest j Cash 0 Reinvest 
I PS US Gold Put 74347WOW 
S Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  LI Cash Ll Reinvest 
It you have requested a iquidellon, your market price is not gusanteed. YOu will receive the current market price alter your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering fem. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
n the review process. DRS items cannot be liquidated. 
II this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
PrO0Oss thus request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
Hi Age 7D - restrictions. It you are at eau the age of 70 this year and you are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualified plan or 40300 
account. you may be required to lake a minimum distribution (FIMD) from your qualified plan or 40303) account before rolling over your assets. 
It Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the rules and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due t0 the important 
tax consequences ol rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax prolevuonal. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume lull responsibility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in funds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
J 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
J 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
Omen Firm Name) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
PA1 f 
VI . PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering Firm Newry(' Abe... 
the trustee listed above. Unless other./ e 
I': I 
:fine.'er 411 At.if! 2-. .n ri.4:.<.a.
.. .O re:F.Inp, 
may be Irandeired within the time Irames required by NVSL Rule 412 or smiler ruie of the NASD or other dengnated examining authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I authorise you to liquidate any nontransferable prop glary money market fund assets that we pert ol my account and transfer 
the reaitmg credit balance to the successor custodian I authorize you to deduct any ouistandng lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a credo balance. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due t0 you. I authorize you to 
liquidate the assets ri my account to the extent necessary to saintly that Obligation. II certercates or other instruments n my account are in Wit physical 
possession, I instruct you to transfer them in good deliverable loon induchng affixing any necessary tax waivers, to enable the successor comedian to transfer 
them in es name for the purpose of the sale, when, and as directed torus. I understand that upon Waving a copy of the transfer information, you nil cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued to men connection 
with my brokerage aCCOtin I understand that yOu will contact nu) with respect tO the disposition of any assets in my tsokerage account mat are nontranslemble. 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE. 
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to piocess this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
CUSIM belongs to its respective owner 
PVIM 059/ I iOar) Paue 3 ol 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104879 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251063 
EFTA01449448

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449449.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449449.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing) the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
• 
Provide your Pershing account number 
II 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
• 
II the account is a pint account, provide the SSN or TIN for the Joint owner 
• 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
IL DEI IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
• 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
MI 
Provide me original account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
• 
Provid': 
r 
n your statement for the account you are transfernng. 
III . TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only one) 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and price you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. \Mien you receive the check. mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING, ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
Ita 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
• 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual fund position from the mutual fund company. 
• 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or deter these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments (Please read section V and sign when applicable.) 
IV PARTIAL. TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL. FUNDS AND I IOUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
IM 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation INSCC) firms. 
• 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. II a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 In, read this section carefully Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
• 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
• 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees alter the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: II you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
El 
Sign and date the form 
• 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
PWItil 059/ 00.09) Page lot 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104880 
SONY GM_00251084 
EFTA01449449

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449450.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL 
SECURITY NUMBER.
T 
1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) C O 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
Nonretiremeni: 
SN—ISinglei 
—IJoint) 
CT—(Cotrustee) CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —(Estate) 
BC-(Bank Custody/ AG -Mooney) 
Retirement: 
IR — (Traditional IRAI RI—(Roth IRA) DR —(Direct Rollover) BI—(Beneficiary) BR —(Beneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(40Ik) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) OP —(Qualihed Plan) 4B—(403b) 
7B—(457 Plan) HS—(Heallh Savings Account) 5P-(525 Plan) 
OT — tOther) 
Other: 
1..1J
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER 
ACCOUNT NUMBER ■ 
FIRM NAME: JP Morgan 
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED) 
CONTACT NAME' 
ACCOUNT TITLE. (As it appears on your statement) 
FIRM ADDRESS. (No PO Box) 
— 
— 
— 
CITY' 
 STATE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
NOTE 
It statement is necessary to process this form. 
ZIP:  
Southern Trust Comport,, Inc 
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only 
A. ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
O FULL (Check one below) 
O TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN MND (Skip to Swoon VI) 
LiOuiDAIE ALL ASSETS LISTED IN SECTION IV (Liquidations we not lor brokerage accounts) 
O TRANSFER AU. ASSETS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USIED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
U FULL (Check one below) 
O SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
O TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
O PARTIAL (List assets m Section N) 
NOTE: For transfer agents. electronically send positions or issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem tractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
Li TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECTLY AT THE FUND COMPANY ISee Est in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
O UOUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an earty withdrawal, 
O UOUIDATE AT MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Specify maturity date 'submit two to three weeks before maturity date).
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts. or savings accounts can only be processed Irom retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
DATE 
Nil FEL 
RPD-150 ACAT 
arEPWIA-06,97 It0a30) Pat„: 2 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104881 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251065 
EFTA01449450

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449451.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
CluAARITV 
ASSET DESCRIPTON 
CUSIMPSYNISCA. TuND ACCOUNT 
NUMBER 
TRANSFER iNSTRUCTIONS 
(AMEND OPTION" 
CAPITAL GAIN 
OPTIOhF 
ESTIMATES'S 
VALUE 
57,000 
Ally pfd 
o Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash U Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 1.525mm 
CI Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reeves! ..I Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Newest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *rid 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *net 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest j Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *rid 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  LI Cash U Reinvest 
11 you have requested a legislation, your market price is not gusanteed. YOu cos receive the current market price after your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering firm. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
in the review process. DRS items cannot be liquidated. 
II this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
PrOCAlss this request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
III Age 70" restrictions. it you are at 
the age of 70 this year and you are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualified plan or 40300 
account. you may be required to take a minimum distribution HMCo) from your qualified plan or 40310) account before rolling over your assets. 
le Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the ROOK and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax proton:0nel. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume full responsibility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in funds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
-I 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
-I 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
(Insert Firm Name) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
DAT E 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering Firm Named Aboec 
the trustee listed above. Unless Otnenz 
I': 
:5 in er 411 At.if!..2-..n 
1:.<.(t.: :0 re:F.Inp, 
may be transferred within the time Iremes required by NYSt Hub 412 or smear rule of the NASD or other deugnated examining authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I authorize yeti to liquidate any nontransferable proprietary money market fund assets that we pert 01 my account and transfer 
the retailing credit balance to the SUCOUSSOI Custodian I authorize you to dedact any outstandng lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a credo Delence. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due to you. I authorize you 10 
liquidate the assets in my account to the extent necessary to sadly that obligation. II cerelicates or other instruments n my account are in wit physical 
possession. I instruct you to transfer them in good deliverable tom inducing affixing any necessary tax waivers, to enable the successor comedian to transfer 
them in es name for Ow purpose of the sale, when. and as directed to me. I understand that upon meowing a copy of the transfer information, you nil cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued tome n connection 
with my brokerage tiOCOtra I understand that sbu will contact me vnth respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nontranslerable. 
=NATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE. 
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
CA)SiP' hqongs la ot: reqiective owner 
Roy 
of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104882 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251066 
EFTA01449451

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449452.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449452.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104883 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251067 
EFTA01449452

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449453.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449453.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01449453

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449454.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic08418.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Sank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic15372.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104886 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251070 
EFTA01449454

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449455.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104888 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251072 
EFTA01449455

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449456.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing) the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
• 
Provide your Pershing account number 
II 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
• 
II the account is a pint account, provide the SSN or TIN for the Joint owner 
• 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
IL DEI IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
• 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
MI 
Provide me original account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
• 
Provid': 
r 
n your statement for the account you are transfernng. 
III . TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only one) 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and price you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. \Mien you receive the check. mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING, ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
Ita 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
• 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual fund position from the mutual fund company. 
• 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or deter these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments (Please read section V and sign when applicable.) 
IV PARTIAL. TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL. FUNDS AND I IOUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
IM 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation INSCC) firms. 
• 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. II a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 In, read this section carefully Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
• 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
• 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees alter the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: II you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
El 
Sign and date the form 
• 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
PWItil 059/ 00.09) Page lot 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104889 
SONY GM_00251073 
EFTA01449456

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449457.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449457.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER 0443 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL r 
SECURITY NUMBER.
T 
1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) C O 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION r
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
1..1J 
Nonretiremeni: 
SN—ISinglei 
—I.loint) TR —(Trustl CT —Mistrusts.) CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —(Estate) 
BC- (Bank Custody) AG -(Agency) 
Retirement: 
IR — (Traditional IRAI RI—(Roth IRA) DR —(Direct Rollover) BI—(Beneficiary) BR —(Beneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(40Ik) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) OP —(Qualihed Plan) 4B—(403b) 
7B—(457 Plan) HS—(Heallh Savings Account) 5P-(525 Plan) 
OT — tOther) 
Other: 
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
FIRM NAME: JP Morgan 
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED) 
CONTACT NAME' 
ACCOUNT TITLE. (As it appears on your statement) 
FIRM ADDRESS. (No PO Box) 
— 
— 
— 
CITY' 
 STATE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
NOTE 
It statement is necessary to process this form. 
Southern Financial, lie 
ZIP:  
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only 
n,?: 
A. ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
FULL (Check one below) 
TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN MND (Skip to Sicken VI) 
O LIQUIDATE ALL ASSETS LIST ED IN SECTION IV (Liquidations are not lor brokerage acctunts) 
TRANSFER AU. ASSETS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USTED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
U FULL (Check one below) 
SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
O TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
O PARTIAL (List assets in Section N) 
NOTE: For transfer agents. electronically send positions or issues certificate for whole shares and redeem tractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
La TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECTLY AT THE FUND COMPANY ISee Est in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
O UOUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an earty withdrawal, 
O UOUIDATE AT MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Specify maturity date 'submit two to three weeks before maturity date).
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts. or savings accounts can only be processed Irom retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
DATE 
I r 
RPC)-150 ACAT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251074 
0.9-PWIA-0697 It0a30) P.yot 2 of 3 
DB-SDNY-0104890 
EFTA01449457

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449458.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
QUANTITY 
ASSET DESCRIPTON 
CUSIPUSYMSOL FUND ACCOUNT 
NUMBER 
TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS' 
DIVIDEND OPTION" 
CAPITAL GAIN 
OPTION 
ESTIMATED S 
VALUE 
O Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 
CI Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest ..I Cash LI Reinvest 
O Transfer in 14nd 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Renver U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash LI Reinvest 
O Transfer in 14nd 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  j Cash LI Reinvest 
II you have requested a iquidellon, your market gnosis not gusanteed. YOu will receive the current market price after your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering firm. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
in the review process. DRS items Cannot be liquidated. 
II this is a mutual fund transfer and theta is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing wilt 
PrOCOSS this request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
is Age 70' - restrictions. 11 you are at 
he age of 70 this year and you are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualilied plan or 40300 
account. you may be required to take a minimum dstribubon (HMO) from your qualified plan or 40310) account before rolling over your assets. 
It Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the rules and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax proton:0nel. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume full responsibility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in lunds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
J 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
—1 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
(Intent Firm Nanw) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering I urn Named Abrade 
the trustee IISIS above. unless moor 
A 
try 
fin:: 
411 At.ifr:,. .n ri. .-s:.<.(tn: :0 re:F.Inc.; 
may be transferred within the time frames required by HYSt Hub 412 or smiler ruie of the NASD or other deugnated examining authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I author?)e yeti." liquidate any nontransferable propnelary money market fund assets that we part CO my a
unt and transfer 
the retailing Credo balance 10 the SUCCilusct custodian I authorize you to deduct any outstandng lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a credit balance. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due to you. I authorize you 10 
liquidate the assets in my account to the extent necessary lo sahsly that Obligation. II certificates or other instruments n my account are in Wit physic-al 
possession, I instruct you to transfer them in good deliverable form, inducing affixing any necessary tax wavers, to enable the successor custodian to transfer 
them in OS name lor the purpose of the sale, when. and as directed to me. I understand that upon receiving a copy of this 1r:titter inforMalton, you nil cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued tome n CtnneCtiOn 
with my brokerage aCCOisil I understand that you will Contact me vnth respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nontransferable. 
siONaauttE GUARANTEED 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE. 
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
CUSIP' belongs to its respective owner 
P140A 059/ il0.(0) Page 3 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104891 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251075 
EFTA01449458

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449459.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing) the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
• 
Provide your Pershing account number 
II 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
• 
II the account is a pint account, provide the SSN or TIN for the Joint owner 
• 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
IL DEI IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
• 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
MI 
Provide me original account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
• 
Provid': 
r 
n your statement for the account you are transfernng. 
III . TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only one) 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and price you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. \Mien you receive the check. mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING, ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
Ita 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
• 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual fund position from the mutual fund company. 
• 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or deter these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments (Please read section V and sign when applicable.) 
IV PARTIAL. TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL. FUNDS AND I IOUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
IM 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation INSCC) firms. 
• 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. II a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 In, read this section carefully Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
• 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
• 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees alter the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: II you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
El 
Sign and date the form 
• 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
PWItil 059/ 00.09) Page lot 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104892 
SONY GM_00251078 
EFTA01449459

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449460.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449460.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER 0443 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL 
SECURITY NUMBER.
T 
1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) C 0 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
1..1J 
Nonretiremeni: 
SN—ISinglei 
—Womb TR —( %NI CT —Manuals.) CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —(Estate) 
BC-(Bank Custody) AG-tAganep 
Retirement: 
IR — (Traditional IRA( RI—(Roth IRA) DR —(/Direct Rollover) BI—(Beneficiary) BR —(Beneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(4OIk) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) OP —(Qualihed Plan) 4B—(403b) 
7B—(457 Plan) HS—(Health Savings Account) 5P-(525 Plan) 
OT — tOther) 
Other: 
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER.
ACCOUNT NUMBER 
FIRM NAME: JP Morgan 
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED) 
CONTACT NAME' 
ACCOUNT TITLE. (As it appears on your statement) 
FIRM ADDRESS. (No PO Box) 
— 
— 
— 
CITY' 
 STATE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
NOTE 
It statement is necessary to process this form. 
ZIP:  
Southern Trust Comport), Inc 
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only 
A. ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
FULL (Check one below) 
TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN KIND (Skip It/ Section VI) 
LIQUIDATE ALL ASSETS LIST ED IN SECTION IV (Liquidations are not lor brokerage accounts) 
TRANSFER AU. ASSETS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USTED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
U FULL (Check one below) 
SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
O TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
O PARTIAL (List assets in Section N) 
NOTE: For transfer agents. electronically send positions or issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem tractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
LI TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECTLY AT THE FUND COMPANY ISee Est in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
O UOUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an earty withdrawal, 
O UOUIDATE AT MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Specify maturity date 'submit two to three weeks before maturity date).
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts. or savings accounts can only be processed from retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
1111 PE 
RPD• 150 ACAT 
COPWIA-06.97 IT O:00) P.yot 2 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104893 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251077 
EFTA01449460

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449461.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there arc more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
auAWRY 
ASSET DESCRIPTION 
CUSIPISYMBOt. FUND ACCOUNT 
PABER 
TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS' 
CAPITA_ GAIN 
DrviDEND OPTION" 
OPTIOhF 
ESTIMATED S 
VALUE 
2,200 
US Dollar 
OUSDPRAA7 
le Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash LI Reinvest 
96,uRR.117 
-1 
-19 
US Dollar 
0USDPRAA7 
S Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest ..I Cash LS Reinvest 
PS LIS Gold Put 74347W9D1 
e Transfer in Kind CI Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Newest j Cash 0 Reinvest 
I PS US Gold Put 74347WOW 
S Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  LI Cash Ll Reinvest 
It you have requested a iquidellon, your market price is not gusanteed. YOu will receive the current market price alter your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering fem. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
n the review process. DRS items cannot be liquidated. 
II this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
PrO0Oss thus request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
Hi Age 7D - restrictions. It you are at eau the age of 70 this year and you are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualified plan or 40300 
account. you may be required to lake a minimum distribution (FIMD) from your qualified plan or 40303) account before rolling over your assets. 
It Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the rules and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due t0 the important 
tax consequences ol rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax prolevuonal. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume lull responsibility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in funds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
J 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
J 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
Omen Firm Name) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
PA1 f 
VI . PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering Firm Newry(' Abe... 
the trustee listed above. Unless other./ e 
I': I 
:fine.'er 411 At.if! 2-. .n ri.4:.<.a.
.. .O re:F.Inp, 
may be Irandeired within the time Irames required by NVSL Rule 412 or smiler ruie of the NASD or other dengnated examining authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I authorise you to liquidate any nontransferable prop glary money market fund assets that we pert ol my account and transfer 
the reaitmg credit balance to the successor custodian I authorize you to deduct any ouistandng lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a credo balance. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due t0 you. I authorize you to 
liquidate the assets ri my account to the extent necessary to saintly that Obligation. II certercates or other instruments n my account are in Wit physical 
possession, I instruct you to transfer them in good deliverable loon induchng affixing any necessary tax waivers, to enable the successor comedian to transfer 
them in es name for the purpose of the sale, when, and as directed torus. I understand that upon Waving a copy of the transfer information, you nil cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued to men connection 
with my brokerage aCCOtin I understand that yOu will contact nu) with respect tO the disposition of any assets in my tsokerage account mat are nontranslemble. 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE. 
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to piocess this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
CUSIM belongs to its respective owner 
PVIM 059/ I iOar) Paue 3 ol 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104894 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251078 
EFTA01449461

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449462.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449462.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing) the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
• 
Provide your Pershing account number 
II 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
• 
II the account is a pint account, provide the SSN or TIN for the Joint owner 
• 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
IL DEI IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
• 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
MI 
Provide me original account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
• 
Provid': 
r 
n your statement for the account you are transfernng. 
III . TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only one) 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and price you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. \Mien you receive the check. mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING, ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
Ita 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
• 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual fund position from the mutual fund company. 
• 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or deter these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments (Please read section V and sign when applicable.) 
IV PARTIAL. TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL. FUNDS AND I IOUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
IM 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation INSCC) firms. 
• 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. II a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 In, read this section carefully Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
• 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
• 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees alter the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: II you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
El 
Sign and date the form 
• 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
PWItil 059/ 00.09) Page lot 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104895 
SONY GM_00251079 
EFTA01449462

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449463.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449463.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I . RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION/ (Only c/ni: iier form) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL r 
SECURITY NUMBER: T 
1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) C 0 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
Nonretiremeni: 
SN—ISingiel 
—IJoint) 
CT—(Cotrustee) CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —(Estate) 
BC-ISank Custody/ AG-Mgenep 
Retirement: 
IR — (Traditional IRAI RI—IRoth IRA) DR —(Direct Rollover) BI—(Beneficiary) BR —(Beneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(40Ik) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) OP —(Qualihed Plan) 4B—(403b) 
7B—(457 Plan) HS—(Heallh Savings Account) 5P-(525 Plan) 
OT — tOther) 
Other: 
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER 
ACCOUNT NUMBER 
FIRM NAME: JP Morgan 
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED) 
CONTACT NAME' 
ACCOUNT TITLE. (As it appears on your statement) 
FIRM ADDRESS- (No PO Box) 
— 
— 
— 
CITY' 
 STATE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
NO It 
It statement is necessary to process this form. 
ZIP:  
Southern Trust Comport,, Inc 
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only 
A. ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
O FULL (Check one below) 
O TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN KIND /Skip It/ Sedan VI) 
O LIQUIDATE ALL ASSETS LISTED IN SECTION IV (Liquidations are not lor brokerage accounts) 
O TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USTED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
U FULL (Check one below) 
O SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
O TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
O PARTIAL (List assets m Section N) 
NOTE: For transfer agents. electronically send positions or issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem tractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
U TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECTLY AT THE FUND COMPANY ISee Est in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
O UQUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an earty withdrawal, 
O UQUIDATE AT MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Specify maturity date 'submit two to three weeks before maturity date).
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts. or savings accounts can only be processed from retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
DATE 
I 
, 
RPC)-150 ACAT 
arEPWIA-06,97 
Pci, 2 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251080 
DB-SDNY-0104896 
EFTA01449463

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449464.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449464.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
cokivrav 
ASSET DESCRiPTON 
CUSH:P./SYMBOL FUND
fal 
TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS' 
DIVIDEND OPTION" 
tABER 
ACCOUNT 
CAPiTAL CAIN 
OPTION 
ESTIMATED 
VALUE 
57,000 
Ally pfd 
02005N308 
o Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash U Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 1.525mm 
CI Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reeves! J Cash LI Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Newest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in OM 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash LI Reinvest 
Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *nd 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Yard 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  j Cash U Reinvest 
II you have requested a awidellon, your market price is not pa/entitled You will receive the current Market price after your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering firm. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
in the review process. DRS items Cannot be liquidated. 
II this is a mutual fund transfer and theta is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
PrOCOSS this request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
is Age 70' - restrictions. It you are at Irras1 me age of 70 • this year and yea.; are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualified plan or 40300 
account. you may be required to take a minimum distribution (FWD) from your qualified plan or 40310) account before rolling over your assets. 
It Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the tuba and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax proton:0nel. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume full responntathly for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in funds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
J 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
—1 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
(Input Firm Name) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
DAT E 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering Firm Named Atom.. 
the trustee listed above. Unless otnerii 
I': I 
:fine.'er 411 At.i!.2,:n 
1:.<.(t.: :0 re:F.Inp, 
may be Irandeired within the time !renters required by NYSt Hub 412 or smear ruie of the NASD or other deugnated examining authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I authorise you to liquidate any nontransferable propnelary money market fund assets that we pan of my account and transfer 
the retailing credit balance to the successor custodian I authorize you to dedact any outstandng lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a credit balance. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due !Cr you. I authorize you 10 
liquidate the assets n my account to the extent necessary le satnly that Obligation. II ceiblicales or other instruments n my account are in wit physcal 
possession. I instruct you to transfer Mem in good deliverable tom induchng affixing any necessary tax wavers, to enable the successor custodian to transfer 
them in es name for the purpose of the sale, when. and as directed to me. I understand that upon meowing a copy of the transfer information, you nil cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued 10 men connection 
with my brokerage aCCOint I understand that you will Contact me with respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nontranslerable. 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE. 
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED By: 
CUSIP• belongs 10 its respective owner 
I.WPA 059/ I Ken Page 3 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104897 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251081 
EFTA01449464

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449465.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449465.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104898 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251082 
EFTA01449465

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449466.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449466.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104899 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251083 
EFTA01449466

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449467.pdf
----------------------------------------
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0:04 
Tel. 
Fax 
Erna 
PrIVirthWIUM , OnM 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104901 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251085 
EFTA01449467

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449468.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing) the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
• 
Provide your Pershing account number 
II 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
• 
II the account is a pint account, provide the SSN or TIN for the Joint owner 
• 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
IL DEI IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
• 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
MI 
Provide me original account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
• 
Provid': 
-- - r 
n your statement for the account you are transfernng. 
III . TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only one) 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and price you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. \Mien you receive the check. mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING, ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
Ita 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
• 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual fund position from the mutual fund company. 
• 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or deter these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments (Please read section V and sign when applicable.) 
IV PARTIAL. TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL. FUNDS AND I IOUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
IM 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation INSCC) firms. 
• 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. II a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 In, read this section carefully Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
• 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
• 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees alter the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: II you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
El 
Sign and date the form 
• 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
Par 1 o17 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104902 
SONY GM_00251086 
EFTA01449468

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449469.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER 0443 
ACCOUNT NUMBER.
r TAXPAYER 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
I 
i
SECONDARY SOCIAL 
SECURITY NUMBER.
T 
1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) C O 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
1..1J 
Nonretiremeni: 
SN—ISinglei 
—I.loint) TR —(Trustl CT —Manumit.) CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —(Estate) 
BC- (Bank Custody) AG-Mooney) 
Retirement: 
IR — (Traditional IRA( RI—(Roth IRA) DR —(Direct Rollover) BI—(Beneficiary) BR —(Beneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(40Ik) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) OP —(Qualihed Plan) 4B—(403b) 
7B—(457 Plan) HS—(Heallh Savings Account) 5P-(525 Plan) 
OT—i0theri 
Other: 
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
FIRM NAME: JP Morgan 
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED) 
CONTACT NAME' 
ACCOUNT TITLE. (As it appears on your statement) 
FIRM ADDRESS. (No PO Boa) 
— 
— 
— 
CITY' 
 STATE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
NOTE 
in statement is necessary to process this form. 
Southern Financial, lir 
ZIP:  
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only 
n,?: 
A. ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
GI FULL (Check one below) 
TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN KIND (Skip to Section VI) 
LIQUIDATE ALL ASSETS LIST ED IN SECTION IV (Liquidations are not lor brokerage acoounts) 
TRANSFER AU. ASSETS IN MD EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USIED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
U FULL (Check one below) 
SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
O TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
O PARTIAL (List assets m Section N) 
NOTE: For transfer agents. electronically send positions or issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem tractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
LI TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECTLY AT THE FUND COMPANY ISee Est in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
O UOUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an earty withdrawal, 
O UOUIDATE AT MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Specify maturity date 'submit two to three weeks before insanity date).
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts. or savings accounts can only be processed Irom retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
DATE 
RPD- 150 ACAT 
0.9-PW/A-0697 I1040) Pe ot 2 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251087 
DB-SDNY-0104903 
EFTA01449469

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449470.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
QUANTITY 
ASSET DESCRiPTON 
CUSir/SYMSOL FUND ACCOUNT 
NUMBER 
TRANSFER iNSTRUCTIONS• 
DIVIDEND OPTION" 
CAPITAL GAIN 
OPTION 
ESTIMATED S 
VALUE 
O Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 
CI Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash LI Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Newest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash LI Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *rid 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *rid 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  j Cash LI Reinvest 
II you have requested a awidation, your market price is not gusanteed. Yee will receive the current merket price after your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering firm. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
in the review process. DRS items cannot be !podded. 
it this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing wilt 
PrOCOS$ this request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
is Age 70' - restrictions. It you are at 
he age of 70 this year and you are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualified plan or 4030d 
account. you may be required to take a minimum dstribuhon (HMCo) from your qualified plan or 40310) account before rolling over your assets. 
It Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the lutes and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax proton:0nel. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume full responsibility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in lunds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
J 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
-1 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
(Insert Firm Nanw) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
DAT E 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering I urn Named Abon• 
the trustee listed above. unless moor A 
try 
:5.-tre.'er 411 At.if!..2-..n ri. .1:.<.(tn: :0 re:F.Inp, 
may be transferred within the time frames required by NYSt Hub 412 or smear rule of the NASD or other deugnated examining authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I author?). yeti to liquidate any nontrandarable propnelary money market fund assets that we part of my account and transfer 
the reniting credo balance to the successor custodian I authorize you to deduct any outstandng lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a Credit balance. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due to you. I authorize you 10 
liquidate the assets in my account to the extent necessary lo steely that obligation. II cerelicates or other instruments n my account are in Wit physical 
possession. I instruct you to transfer them in good deliverable form, inducing affixing any necessary tax waivers, to enable the successor custodian to transfer 
them in as name nor the purpose of the sale, when. and as directed to me. I understand that upon receiving a copy of the (raider intOrMalKal, you will cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued tome n CCnneCtiOn 
with my brokerage Scented I understand that you will Contact me With respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nontransferable. 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE. 
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
CUSIP' belongs to its respective owner 
P140A 059/ I IOW) Pane 3 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104904 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251088 
EFTA01449470

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449471.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing) the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
• 
Provide your Pershing account number 
II 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
• 
II the account is a pint account, provide the SSN or TIN for the Joint owner 
• 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
IL DEI IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
• 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
MI 
Provide me original account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
• 
Provid': 
r 
n your statement for the account you are transfernng. 
III . TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only one) 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and price you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. \Mien you receive the check. mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING, ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
Ita 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
• 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual fund position from the mutual fund company. 
• 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or deter these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments (Please read section V and sign when applicable.) 
IV PARTIAL. TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL. FUNDS AND I IOUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
IM 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation INSCC) firms. 
• 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. II a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 In, read this section carefully Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
• 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
• 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees alter the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: II you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
El 
Sign and date the form 
• 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
PWItil 059/ 00.09) Page lot 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104905 
SONY GM_00251089 
EFTA01449471

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449472.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER 0443 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL 
SECURITY NUMBER.
T 
1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) C O 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
1..1J 
Nonretiremeni: 
SN—ISinglei JT—I.loint) TR —(Trustl CT —Manumit.) CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —(Estate) 
BC- (Bank Custody) AG -(Agency) 
Retirement: 
IR — (Traditional IRAI RI—(Roth IRA) DR —(Direct Rollover) BI—(Beneficiary) BR —(Beneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(40Ik) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) OP —(Qualihed Plan) 4B—(403b) 
7B—(457 Plan) HS—(Heallh Savings Account) 5P-(525 Plan) 
OT — tOther) 
Other: 
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER.
FIRM NAME: JP Morgan 
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED) 
CONTACT NAME' 
ACCOUNT TITLE. (As it appears on your statement) 
FIRM ADDRESS. (No PO Box) 
— 
— 
— 
CITY' 
 STATE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
NO I F 
It statement is necessary to process this form. 
Southern Trust Compam, Inc 
ZIP:  
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only 
A. ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
FULL (Check one below) 
TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN MND iSlop to Section lin 
LIQUIDATE ALL ASSETS LIST ED IN SECTION IV (Liquidations are not lor brokerage accounts) 
TRANSFER AU. ASSETS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USTED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
u FULL (Check one below) 
SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
O TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
O PARTIAL (List assets in Section N) 
NOTE: For transfer agents. electronically send positions or issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem tractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECTLY AT THE FUND COMPANY ISee Est in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
O UOUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an earty withdrawal, 
O UOUIDATE AT MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Specify maturity date 'submit two to three weeks before maturity date).
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts. or savings accounts can only be processed Irom retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
! 
I 
. 
li, 
! I  1
, 
, 
. 
RPD• 150 ACAT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251090 
COPWIA-06.97 
P.yot 2 of 3 
DB-SDNY-0104906 
EFTA01449472

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449473.pdf
----------------------------------------
IME
Accoun 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
auArray 
ASSET DESCRIPTION 
CUSIPOSYMBOt FUND ACCOUNT 
TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS' 
CAPITAL GAIN 
DIVIDEND CRTIOOPTION'
AWR 
OPTION 
ESTIMATED S 
VALUE 
2,200 
US Dollar 
OUSDPRAA7 
el Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 
96,un.117 
-1 
-19 I
US Dollar 
0USDPRAA7 
S Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reeves! J Cash U Reinvest 
PS LIS Gold Put 74347W9D1 
El Transfer in lend CI Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Newest j Cash 0 Reinvest 
PS US Gold Put 74347W9DI 
S Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  j Cash Ll Reinvest 
II you have requested a iquidatIon, your market price is not gusianteed. YOu cos receive the current market price of ter your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering fem. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
in the review process. DRS 'terns cannot be liquidated. 
It this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
PrO0Oss thus request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
ul Age 7D - restrictions. It you are at leas, me age of 70 this year and you are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualilied plan or 4030s) 
account. you may be required to take a minimum distribution (FIMDI from your qualified plan or 40303) account before rolling over your assets. 
It Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the lutes and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax prolessional. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be raked on by Pershing LLC. I assume lull responsibility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in funds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
U 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
U 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
0111.111FirmNanw) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
PA1 E 
VI . PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering rum Named Also... 
the trustee liSled Above. Unless otnerr e 
:fine.'er 411 
.n ri.4:.<.a.
.. :0 re:rinp, 
may be transferred within the time frames required by NYSt Rule 412 or smear rule of the NASD or other deognated exerrening authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I authorize yeti to liquidate any nontransferable propnelary money market fund assets that we part of my account and transfer 
the retailing credo balance to the succusscr custodian I authorize you to deduct any ouislandng lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a credit Delence. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due to you. I authorize you 10 
liquidate the assets ri my account to the extent necessary IO saltily that Obligation. II certificates o other instruments n my account are in wit physical 
possession. I instruct you to hands them in good deliverable form, induchng affixing any necessary tax wavers, to enable the successor comedian to transfer 
thern in es name to the purpose of the sale, when. and as directed to me. I understand that upon /Saving a copy of this transfer inforMalson, you ail cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued to me In Connection 
With my brokerage eCCOwit I understand that yOU will contact n* Wag respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nontransferable. 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE. 
Please attach your most recent btokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
CUSIP' belongs to its respective owner 
I.WPA 059/ I IOW) Pas 3 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104907 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251091 
EFTA01449473

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449474.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing) the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
• 
Provide your Pershing account number 
II 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
• 
II the account is a pint account, provide the SSN or TIN for the Joint owner 
• 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
IL DEI IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
• 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
MI 
Provide me original account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
• 
Provid': 
r 
n your statement for the account you are transfernng. 
III . TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only one) 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and price you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. \Mien you receive the check. mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING, ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
Ita 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
• 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual fund position from the mutual fund company. 
• 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or deter these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments (Please read section V and sign when applicable.) 
IV PARTIAL. TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL. FUNDS AND I IOUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
IM 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation INSCC) firms. 
• 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. II a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 In, read this section carefully Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
• 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
• 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees alter the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: II you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
El 
Sign and date the form 
• 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
PWItil 059/ 00.09) Page lot 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104908 
SONY GM_00251092 
EFTA01449474

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449475.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449475.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
eukpr ire 
ASSET DESCRiPTON 
CUSIP./SYMBOLFUND
frel 
TRANSFER
TRANSFERiNSTRUCTIONS• 
DIVIDEND OPTION" 
tABER 
ACCOU NT 
CAPOAL CAIN 
OPTIOhF 
ESTIMATED 
VALUE 
57,004) 
Ally pfd 
02005N308 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash U Ramer J Cash 0 Reinvest 1.525mm 
CI Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Renvest ..I Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in 14nd 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinter U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
Transfer in 14nd 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in Igrid 0 tiquidem 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  j Cash U Reinvest 
II you have requested a rqulatIon, your market price is not gusenteed. YOu will receive the current Market price after your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering firm. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
in the review process. DRS ibbrilS cannot be liquidated. 
II this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
PrOCOS$ this request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
Hi Age 70' - restrictions. It you are at least me age of 70 this year and you are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualilied plan or 40300 
account. you may be required to lake a minimum diasibuti.on (RMO) from your qualified plan or 40310) account before rolling over your assets. 
It Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the rules and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax prolevuonal. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume full responsibility for this transaCtion and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in funds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
U 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
U 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
(how Firm Name) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
DAT E 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering f urn Named Aboso 
the trustee listed above. unless Oleo oz 
re 
pif,f, :5 in er 411 L:! .:n ri,4:.<.c. .: :0 re:F.Inp, 
may be transferred within the time frames required by NYSL Rule 412 or smiler rule of the NASD or other deugnated exorening authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I /willowe you to liquidate any nontransferable propnelary money market fund assets that we pert of my account and transfer 
the retailing credo balance to the SUCCUSWI Custodian I authorize you to deduct any outstanding lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a Credit balance. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due to you. I authorize you 10 
liquidate the assets in my account to the extent necessary to satisfy that Obligation. II ceiblicales or other instruments n my account are in wit physical 
possession. I instruct you to transfer Maim in good deliverable fonn, including affixing any necessary tax waivers, to enable the successor custodian to transfer 
them in its name nor the purpose of the sale, when. and as defeated to me. I understand that upon meowing a copy of this IL:writer inforMaIxon, you will cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued tome n connection 
with my brokerage OCCOtra I understand that you will contact me vnth respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nontransferable. 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE  
-
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CUSIP' belongs to its respective owner 
I.WPA 059/ I IO/C0) Paw, 3 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104910 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251094 
EFTA01449475

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449476.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449476.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
9/18/2013 8:28:43 PM 
To: 
Darren indyke 
Subject: 
Checking in 
Classification: External Communication 
Darren, i know a lot of things in action. please feel free to call me anytime 
in the my office or cell if you need anything. Thanks for all the help. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104911 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251095 
EFTA01449476

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449477.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
9/18/2013 10:09:10 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Fw: KCP 0nboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) (lj 
Attachments: pic21004.gif; pic03304.gif; pic27262.gif 
classification: For internal use only 
Paul - when is good for you? 
Forwarded by 
on 09/18/2013 10:08 PM 
From: 
To: 
cc: 
Date: 
09/17/2013 03:S1 PM 
Subject: 
Re: KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
sure, please send a calendar invite. 
Regards 
Troy D williams 
credit Risk Management 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
Tel: 
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Paul Morris, 
Date: 
09/17/2013 11:00 AM 
Subject: 
KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
Troy - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) is a new, significant, 
active relationship that we are on-boarding to KCP. once we obtain the 
information for the ISDA template (per below), can we please have a brief 
meeting among all of us on this email to discuss the relationship (like we did 
for brassie, cindy's client) to ensure that we are all on the same page from a 
credit and timing perspective? 
Thank you, 
Tazia 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104912 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251096 
EFTA01449477

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449478.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic21004.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th FloorT 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03304.gif) 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 09/17/2013 10:56 AM 
From: 
TO: 
Kevin Quinn/db/dbcom 
Paul morris/db/dbcoraD8AMERICAS, 
Cc: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, Tazia Smith/db/dbcom008AMERICAS, Vahe 
Stepanian/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS 
Date: 
09/17/2013 10:14 AM 
Subject: 
Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Amanda, 
I am going through the account opening process while the ACAT forms are out. 
In the meantime, can you please fill out the credit's ISDA template and 
retrieve the relevant financials etc? I am happy to answer any questions. 
[attachment "ISDA Preliminary Requirements - collection sheet.docx" deleted by 
Tazia smith/db/dbcom] 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
Vahe Stepanian/db/dbcon008Americas, 
Cc: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcomeOBAMERICAS, Tazia Smith/db/dbcome08AMERICAS, Kevin 
Quinn/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
Date: 
09/16/2013 08:25 PM 
Subject: 
Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
No we should try dual track whenever possible, kevin pls call me tomorrow so 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104913 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251097 
EFTA01449478

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449479.pdf
----------------------------------------
we get it moving, thanks 
 Original Message  
From: vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 09/16/2013 08:03 PM EDT 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Amanda Kirby; Tazia Smith; Kevin Quinn 
Subject: Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
Paul, 
I CC'ed Kevin here who likely will be running point on ISDAs for Southern 
Financial and Trust. I thought we were going to wait until the assets are 
in-house to begin that process? 
Happy to help move forward regardless. 
Thank you, 
vahe 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic27262.gif) 
vahe Stepanian 
Associate I Markets Coverage Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile
Email 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
, vahe stepanian
, 
cc: 
Date: 
09/16/2013 06:08 PM 
Subject: 
southern financial/southern trust (I] 
classification: For internal use only 
we should start pulling together what we will need for ISDAS, i don't know who 
here runs with that so need help, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104914 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251098 
EFTA01449479

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449480.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449480.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104915 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251099 
EFTA01449480

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449481.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449481.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104916 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251100 
EFTA01449481

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449482.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449482.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104918 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251102 
EFTA01449482

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449483.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449483.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
9/19/2013 2:32:27 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20130919 
RM CODE 
09/18/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT N 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
EFFREY EPSTEIN 
I 
.00 
INIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
EFFREY EPSTEIN 
M 
.00 
UMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
OUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
OUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
EEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
OUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
OUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
EEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104919 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251103 
EFTA01449483

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449484.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449484.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
9/19/2013 7:22:15 AM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
Subject: 
Re: KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) Ill 
Attachments: pic10988.gif; pic03208.gif; pic11688.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
Later this am is good, thx 
 Original Message  
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: 09/18/2013 10:09 PM EDT 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Fw: KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul - when is good for you? 
Forwarded by 
on 09/18/2013 10:08 PM 
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Date: 
09/17/2013 03:51 PM 
Subject: 
Re: KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Sure, please send a calendar invite. 
Regards 
Troy D Williams 
Credit Risk Management 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
Tel: 
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Paul Morris, 
Date: 
09/17/2013 11:00 AM 
Subject: 
KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104920 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251104 
EFTA01449484

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449485.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449485.pdf
----------------------------------------
Troy - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) is a new, significant, 
active relationship that we are on-boarding to KCP. Once we obtain the 
information for the ISDA template (per below), can we please have a brief 
meeting among all of us on this email to discuss the relationship (like we did 
for Grassie, Cindy's client) to ensure that we are all on the same page from a 
credit and timing perspective? 
Thank You, 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10988.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th FloorT 
New 
Tel. 
Fax 
mobi 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03208.gif) 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 09/17/2013 10:56 AM 
From: 
Kevin Quinn/db/dbcom 
To: 
Paul Morri 
Cc: 
Tazia Smith/ 
Stepanian 
Date: 
09/17/2013 10:14 AM 
Subject: 
Re: southern financial/southern trust (I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Amanda, 
am going through the account opening process while the ACAT forms are out. 
In the meantime, can you please fill out the credit's ISDA template and 
retrieve the relevant financials etc? I am happy to answer any questions. 
(attachment "ISDA Preliminary Requirements - Collection Sheet.docx" deleted by 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom] 
From: 
Paul Morris 
To: 
vahe Stepanian 
Cc: 
Amanda Kirby/ 
Quinn/db 
Date: 
09/16/2013 08:25 PM 
Tazia Smith 
vahe 
Kevin 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104921 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251105 
EFTA01449485

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449486.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449486.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
No we should try dual track whenever possible, kevin pls call me tomorrow so 
we get it moving, thanks 
 Original Message  
From: vahe stepanian 
sent: 09/16/2013 08:03 PM EDT 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Amanda Kirby; Tazia smith; Kevin Quinn 
Subject: Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul, 
I CC'ed Kevin here who likely will be running point on ISDAs for Southern 
Financial and Trust. I thought we were going to wait until the assets are 
in-house to begin that process? 
Happy to help move forward regardless. 
Thank you, 
vahe 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic11688.gif) 
vahe Stepanian 
Associate I markets Coverage Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
e Stepanian/db/dbcomODBAmericas, 
Cc: 
Date: 
09/16/2013 06:08 PM 
Subject: 
southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
we should start pulling together what we will need for ISDAs, i don't know who 
here runs with that so need help, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104922 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251106 
EFTA01449486

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449487.pdf
----------------------------------------
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Office 
Cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104923 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251107 
EFTA01449487

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449488.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104924 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251108 
EFTA01449488

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449489.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104926 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251110 
EFTA01449489

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449490.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Tazia Smith 
9/19/2013 9:49:28 AM 
Paul Morris 
Re: KCP Onboarding
l
outhern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) JIJ 
pic07675.gif; pic28500.gif; pic20681.gif; pic26591.gif; pic31852.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
Troy's in meetings - could you do 2:15? 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07675.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
I
Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28500.gif) 
From: 
To: 
Date: 
Subject: 
Paul Morri 
Tazia Smit 
09/19/2013 07:22 AM 
Re: KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Later this am is good, thx 
 Original Message  
From: Tazia Smith 
Sent: 09/18/2013 10:09 PM EDT 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Fw: KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul - when is good for you? 
Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 09/18/2013 10:08 PM 
From: 
To: 
Troy-D Williams/ 
Tazia smith/db/d 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251111 
DB-SDNY-0 104927 
EFTA01449490

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449491.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: 
Caroline Kitidis/db/dbcomODBAmericas, Kevin Quinn/db/dbcom@D8Americas, Paul 
morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
Date: 
09/17/2013 03:51 Pm 
Subject: 
Re: KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Sure, please send a calendar invite. 
Regards 
Troy D williams 
credit Risk management 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
Tel: 
From: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom 
To: 
Troy-D williams/db/dbcom@DBAmericas, 
Cc: 
Paul Morris, Kevin Quinn/db/dbcom@D8AMERICAS, Caroline Kitidis/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS 
Date: 
09/17/2013 11:00 AM 
Subject: 
KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Troy - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) is a new, significant, 
active relationship that we are on-boarding to KCP. Once we obtain the 
information for the ISDA template (per below), can we please have a brief 
meeting among all of us on this email to discuss the relationship (like we did 
for orassie, cindy's client) to ensure that we are all on the same page from a 
credit and timing perspective? 
Thank You, 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic20681.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th FloorT 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26591.gif) 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db/dbcom on 09/17/2013 10:56 AM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104928 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251112 
EFTA01449491

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449492.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449492.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Kevin Quinn/db/dbcom 
To: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom@D8AMERICAS, 
Cc: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, vahe 
Stepanian/db/dbcom@D8AMERICAS 
Date: 
09/17/2013 10:14 AM 
Subject: 
Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Amanda, 
I am going through the account opening process while the ACAT forms are out. 
In the meantime, can you please fill out the credit's ISDA template and 
retrieve the relevant financials etc? I am happy to answer any questions. 
[attachment "ISDA Preliminary Requirements - Collection Sheet.docx" deleted by 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom] 
From: 
Paul morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
vahe Stepanian/db/dbcom@DBAmericas, 
Cc: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Tazia Smith/db/dbcom@OBAMERICAS, Kevin 
Quinn/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
Date: 
09/16/2013 08:25 PM 
Subject: 
Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
No we should try dual track whenever possible, kevin pls call me tomorrow so 
we get it moving, thanks 
 Original Message  
From: vahe stepanian 
Sent: 09/16/2013 08:03 PM EDT 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Amanda Kirby; Tazia Smith; Kevin Quinn 
Subject: Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul, 
I CC'ed Kevin here who likely will be running point on ISDAs for Southern 
Financial and Trust. I thought we were going to wait until the assets are 
in-house to begin that process? 
Happy to help move forward regardless. 
Thank you, 
vahe 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104929 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251113 
EFTA01449492

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449493.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic31852.gif) 
vahe Stepanian 
Associate I Markets Coverage Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
vahe Stepanian/db/dbcomeDBAmericas, 
Cc: 
Date: 
09/16/2013 06:08 PM 
Subject: 
southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
we should start pulling together what we will need for ISDAs, i don't know who 
here runs with that so need help, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104930 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251114 
EFTA01449493

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449494.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449494.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104931 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251115 
EFTA01449494

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449495.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104932 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251116 
EFTA01449495

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449496.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104933 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251117 
EFTA01449496

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449497.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104934 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251118 
EFTA01449497

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449498.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104935 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251119 
EFTA01449498

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449499.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449499.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
9/19/2013 9:49:44 AM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
ACAT 
Attachments: Jeepers ACAT.pdf; Aze ACAT2.pdf; Haze ACAT1.pdf; pic04024.gif; pic20509.gif 
classification: For internal use only 
Please take a look to make sure I didn't miss anything. Thanks 
(See attached file: Jeepers ACAT.pdf)(See attached file: Aze ACAT2.pdf)(See 
attached file: Haze ACATl.pdf) 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic04024.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic20509.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104936 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251120 
EFTA01449499

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449500.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER. 0443 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: {=1..lan 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL - 
SECURITY NUMBER.
C 0 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
Nonreeremere: 
SN 
JT —Womb TR —Must' CT —(CotrusteeI CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —(Estate) 
BC —(Bank Custody) AG-(Agency) 
Retirement. 
IR —ITraditional IRAI RI—(Roth IRA) DR —(Carect Rollover) BI—(Beneficiary) BR —(Beneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(40Ik) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) QP—(Qualihed Plan) 4B—(403b) 
7B—(457 Plan) HS—(Heallh Savings Account) 5P-(525 Plan) 
OT—i0ther) 
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER 
ACCOUNT NUMBER 
FIRM NAME: JP Morgan 
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED) 
CONTACT NAME  
-
ACCOUNT TITLE. (As it appears on your statement) 
FIRM ADDRESS. (No PO Box) 
— 
— 
— 
CITY. 
 STATE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
NOi! 
statement is necessary to process this form. 
Jeepers Inc. 
ZIP:  
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only on,?: 
A. ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
FULL (Check one below) 
TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN KIND (Skip to Swoon VU 
LIQUIDATE ALL ASSE I S LISTED IN SECTION IV (Liquidations are not lor brokerage rico:anis) 
TRANSFER AU. ASSETS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USIED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
u FULL (Check one below) 
SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
U TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
O PARTIAL (List assets m Section N) 
NOTE: For transfer agents. electronically send positions or issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem fractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
Li TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECTLY AT THE FUND COMPANY (See Est in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
O UOUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an early withdrawal, 
O UOUIDATE AT MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Specify maturity date (submit two to three weeks before maturity date).
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts. or savings accounts can only be processed from retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
DATE 
Nil FEL 
RPD-150 ACAT 
arEPWPA-06,97 II0a30) P.yot 2 or 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104938 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251122 
EFTA01449500

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449501.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449501.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
QUANTITY 
ASSET DESCRiPTON 
CUSIP•iSvMSDL FUND ACCOUNT 
NUMBER 
TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS' 
DIVIDEND OPTION" 
CAPITAL GAIN 
OPTION 
ESTIMATED S 
VALUE 
O Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 
CI Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest ..I Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Renver U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *net 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
0Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  j Cash Ll Reinvest 
II you have requested a iguidatIon, your market price is not guaranteed. YOu will receive the current instal puce after your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering firm. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
in the review process. DRS items Cannot be liquidated. 
II this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
MOMS'S this request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
ui Age 70' - restrictions. It you are at 
he age of 70 this year and you are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualilied plan or 40300 
account. you may be required to take a minimum dstribution (HMCo) from your qualified plan or 40310) account before rolling over your assets. 
al Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the !Ube and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax proton:0nel. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume full responsibility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in lunds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
J 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
—1 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
(I111.111 Firm Name) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
DAi E 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering Firm Named Abp... 
the trustee listed above. Unless Wrier./ e 
I': I 
:fine.'er 411 At.if! 2-. .F1 rit .1:.<.(tn: :0 re:F.Inc.; 
may be IranSterred within the time Irdnie$ required try NYSt Hub 412 or omitur rule of the NASD or other deugnated examining authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I authorize yeti to liquidate any nontransferable propnelary money market fund assets that we part of my account and transfer 
the retailing credo balance to the successor custodian I authorize you to deduct any ouislandng lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a credit balance. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outialanding lees due to you. I authorize you 10 
liquidate the assets in my account to the extent necessary to stately that obligation. II certilicates or other instruments n my account are in Wit ptiyeail 
possession, I instruel you 10 Render them in good deliverable form, inducing affixing any necessary tax wavers, to enable the successor custodian to transfer 
them in as mane la the purpose of the sale, when. and as directed to me. I understand that upon receiving a copy of the transfer informalton, you nil cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued tome n connection 
with my brokerage ac cull I understand that yOu will Contact me with respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nOntranslemble. 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE. 
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
CUSIP' l'elonus In et: redarroreere owner 
Paw ol 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104939 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251123 
EFTA01449501

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449502.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449502.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing) the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
• 
Provide your Pershing account number 
II 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
• 
II the account is a pint account, provide the SSN or TIN for the Joint owner 
• 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
IL DEI IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
• 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
MI 
Provide me original account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
• 
Provid': 
r 
n your statement for the account you are transfernng. 
III . TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only one) 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and price you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. \Mien you receive the check. mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING, ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
Ita 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
• 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual fund position from the mutual fund company. 
• 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or deter these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments (Please read section V and sign when applicable.) 
IV PARTIAL. TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL. FUNDS AND I IOUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
IM 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation INSCC) firms. 
• 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. II a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 In, read this section carefully Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
• 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
• 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees alter the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: II you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
El 
Sign and date the form 
• 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
PWItil 059/ 00.09) Page lot 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104940 
SONY GM_00251124 
EFTA01449502

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449503.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449503.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL r 
SECURITY NUMBER. T 1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
Nonretiremeni: 
SN—ISinglei 
—IJoint) TR—(inial CT —Manumit.) CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —(Estate) 
BC- (Bank Custody) AG-tAgancy) 
Retirement: 
IR — (Traditional IRAI RI—IFloth IRA) DR —(Direct Rollover) BI—(Beneficiary) BR —(Beneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(40Ik) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) OP —(Qualihed Plan) 4B—(403b) 
7B—(457 Plan) HS—(Heallh Savings Account) 5P-(525 Plan) 
OT—iOtheri 
Other: 
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
FIRM NAME: JP Morgan 
ACCOUNT TITLE (As it appears on your statement) 
The I Itivc !emit 
NOTE 
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED) 
CONTACT NAME' 
FIRM ADDRESS. (No PO Box) 
— 
— 
— 
CITY' 
 STATE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
It statement is necessary to process this form. 
ZIP:  
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only o 
A ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
O FULL (Check one below) 
O TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN MND /Skip to Section VI) 
O LIQUIDATE ALL ASSE I S LISTED IN SECTION IV (Liquidations are not lor brokerage accounts) 
O TRANSFER AU. ASSETS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USIED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
U FULL (Check one below) 
O SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
O TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
O PARTIAL (List assets m Section N) 
NOTE: For transfer agents. electronically send positions or issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem tractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECTLY AT THE FUND COMPANY ISee Est in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
O UOUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH barn aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an earty withdrawal, 
O UOUIDATE AT MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Specify maturity date 'submit ❑no to three weeks before maturity date).
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts. or savings accounts can only be processed from retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
DATE 
Nil FE IL 
RPD-150 ACAT 
AtanWPA43697 flO.tO) Paps 2 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104941 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251125 
EFTA01449503

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449504.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449504.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
cosh:Tire 
ASSET DESCRiPTON 
CUSIPISYMBOt : ILI\ :)ACCGki'.7
,...:fitfich 
TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS' 
DIVIDEND CRTION' 
CAPITAL GAIN 
OPTIOhF 
ESTIMATED S 
VALUE 
US Dollar 
OUSDPRAA7 
illTransfer in Kind U Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 28366.12 
C1 Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash Ll Reinvest -I Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in 14nd 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Newest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *net 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in 14nd 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *nil 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest U Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in *rid 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest  j Cash U Reinvest 
II you have requested a sndalled, your market pdoe is not gusenteed. YOu will receive the current market price after your transfer request 
is received. reviewed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering form. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
n the review process. DRS items Cannot be liquidated. 
If this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
PrOOOSS this request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
ui Age 70" restrictions. 11 you are at 
the age of 70 this year and you are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualilied plan or 40300 
account. you may be required to take a minimum dosibubon (FWD) from your qualified plan or 40310) account before rolling over your assets. 
II Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the wise and Conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax proton:0nel. All information provided by rne is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume full responObility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in lands or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
U 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
U 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
(Input Firm Nave) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
DAT E 
VI . PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering f inn Named Abon• 
the trustee 'ISIS above. unless moo/ A 
re 
fnn::er 411 
f-1, .1C.C.-tn: :0 re:.r.inp, 
may be transferred within the time frames required try NYSt Rule 412 or smiler rule of the NASD Cr Other designated examining authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I authorise you to liquidate any nontransferable propnelary money market fund assets that we part of my account and transfer 
the wailing credit balance to the successor custodian I authorize you to deduct any ouistandng lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a CriXlit heists*. or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due to you. I authorize you 10 
liquidate the assets in my account to the extent necessary lo sately that obligation. II cerblicates or other instruments n my account are in Wit physical 
possession. I instruct you to transfer them in good deliverable tom including affixing any necessary tax waivers, to enable the successor custodian to transfer 
them in es name nor the purpose of the sale, when. and as directed to me. I understand that upon meowing a copy of the transfer inforMahon, you ail (Lancet 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued tome n connection 
with my brokerage acceize I understand Mal you will Contact nu) with respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nontransferable. 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE  
-
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
CUSIP' belongs to its respective owner 
CO I.WPA 059/ I IO:CO) Page 3 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104942 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251126 
EFTA01449504

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449505.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449505.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing) the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
• 
Provide your Pershing account number 
II 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
• 
II the account is a pint account, provide the SSN or TIN for the Joint owner 
• 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
IL DEI IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
• 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
MI 
Provide me original account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
• 
Provid': 
r 
n your statement for the account you are transfernng. 
III . TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only one) 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and price you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. \Mien you receive the check. mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING, ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
Ita 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
• 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual fund position from the mutual fund company. 
• 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or deter these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments (Please read section V and sign when applicable.) 
IV PARTIAL. TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL. FUNDS AND I IOUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
IM 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation INSCC) firms. 
• 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. II a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 In, read this section carefully Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
• 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
• 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees alter the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: II you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
El 
Sign and date the form 
• 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
PWItil 059/ 00.09) Page lot 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0104943 
SONY GM_00251127 
EFTA01449505

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449506.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER O443 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL r 
SECURITY NUMBER.
T 
1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
Nonretiremeni: 
SN—ISinglei JT—I.loint) TR —(Trustl CT —Manumit.) CO—(Corporate) CU —(Custodiaril ES —(Estate) 
BC- (Bank Custody) AG-Mgancy) 
Retirement: 
IR — (Traditional IRAI RI—IFloth IRA) DR —(Direct Rollover) BI—(Beneficiary) BR —(Beneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(40Ik) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) QP—(Qualdied Plan) 4B—(403b) 
7B—(457 Plan) HS—(Heallh Savings Account) 5P-(525 Plan) 
OT—iOther) 
Other: 
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: µ'470K4006
FIRM NAME: JP Morgan 
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED) 
CONTACT NAME' 
ACCOUNT TITLE (As it appears on your statement) 
FIRM ADDRESS: (No PO Box)  
he I kis 1 ;tat 
- 
- 
- 
CITY' 
 STATE: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
It statement is necessary to process this form. 
NOTE 
ZIP:  
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only o 
A. ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
O FULL (Check one below) 
O TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN KIND (Skip to Sedan VI) 
O LIQUIDATE ALL ASSE I S LISTED IN SECTION IV (Liquidations are not lor brokerage accounts) 
O TRANSFER AU. ASSETS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USIED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
U FULL (Check one below) 
O SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
O TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
O PARTIAL (List assets m Section N) 
NOTE: For transfer agents. electronically send positions or issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem tractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
LI TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECTLY AT THE FUND COMPANY ISee Est in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
O UOUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an earty withdrawal. 
O UOUIDATE AT MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Specify maturity date 'submit two to three weeks before maturity date).
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts. or savings accounts can only be processed from retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
I ir 
- 
II, 
RPE)-150 ACAT 
COW )J-0G97 
Pant 2 ot 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251128 
DB-SDNY-0104944 
EFTA01449506

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449507.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS. DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
QUANTITY. 
ASSET DESCRIPTION 
CUSIPISYNIEML FUND ACCOUNT 
TRANSFER INS-MC/IONS' 
CAPITAL GAIN 
DIVIDEND OPTION'
(AJMER 
°MOAT 
..._. 
EsTINIA-E0 S 
vALUE 
5001766.64 
wilt^h^r'nr,'-^rp-inn` 870994928 
le Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate CI Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 
JTM ay to- sm. Fo Aso SAM 4812C0803 
RITransfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash u Reinvest .a ease u Reinvest 2704385.15 
t
o.D.4.,...00...8..... my. 70454,AB4 
S Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest j Cash 0 Reinvest 1363500 
2057601.37 
445000 
333795833 
3380620.83 
996250 
IJP14 TR I nee Pau ire ro FRS 481211,510 
S Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
I Pallaril le pryer Nen 'salt 46262EAE5 
S Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest j Cash 0 Reinvest 
Aral Cane& Co 7.9% PFD 46625BHA1 
a Transfer in *net 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
BOFA Corp 81/8% 0605.05DT8 
a Transfer in lend 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest j Cash 0 Reinvest 
Modred Ilea/gum fee X IM 494580AB9 
DITransfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest ; j Cash LI Reinvest 
I II you have requested a liquidation, your market price Is not guaranteed. You will receive the current Market Mice after your Hensler request 
is refereed. reviemed, and determined to be In good order by the delivering fem. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
in the review process. DRS items cannot be liquidated. 
II this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
process this request as reinvest 
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
ui Age 70" restrictions. II you are at 
he age of 70 this year and yOe are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualified plan or 40303) 
account. you may be required to take a minimum dstributi.on (FIMI)) from your qualified plan or 40310) account before rolling over your assets. 
al Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the WNW and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over lunds or property. I have been advised to see a tax prolemponal. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume full responsibility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in funds or other properly as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
O 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
• 
Please be advised that 
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
0111.111 Firm Name) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
DAT E 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering I iim Named Alsos.i• 
the trustee listed atrOve. Unless Caner/ 
A 
I': 
: fin er 411 ASif!.2,:n ri. .1:.<.(tn: :0 re:rinp, 
may be transferred within the time Iremes required by NYSt Huts 412 or smear rise of the NASD or other deugnated examining authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, I authorize yeti to liquidate any nontransferable propnelary money market fund assets that we part of my account and transfer 
the reaitmg credo balance to the successor custodian I authorize you to deduct any ouislandng lees due to you from the credit balance in my account. II my 
account does not contain a credit Delence. or it the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any outstanding lees due to you. I authorize you to 
liquidate the assets ri my account to the extent necessary lo satisfy that obligation. II cerelicates or other instruments n my account are in Wit physic-al 
possession. I instruct you to transfer them in good deliverable then including affixing any necessary tax waivers, to enable the successor comedian to transfer 
them in es name for the purpose of the sale, when. and as directed tome. I understand that upon receiving a copy of this 1r:titter information, you vet cancel 
all open orders for my account on your hooks. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued 10 me n connection 
with my brokerage aCCOrelt !understand dial yOU will Contact me with respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account mat are nontranslemble. 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE. 
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME:  
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER: 
CUSIP belongs to its respective owner 
P140A 059/ I IOW) Negri 3 ol 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104945 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251129 
EFTA01449507

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449508.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104946 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251130 
EFTA01449508

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449509.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104947 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251131 
EFTA01449509

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449510.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Paul Morris 
9/19/2013 9:50:14 AM 
Tazia Smith 
Re: KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) III 
pic06049.gif; pic3.6769.gif; pic25237.gif; pic12774.gif; pic16472.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
yes 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 
mew Yor 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: 
To: 
Date: 
Subject: 
Tazia Smi th/dbi 
Paul Morri s/db 
09/19/2013 09:49 AM 
Re: KCP onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Troy's in meetings - could you do 2:15? 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic06049.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic15769.gif) 
From: 
To: 
Date: 
Subject: 
Paul morri s/db/ 
Tazia smi th/db 
09/19/2013 07:22 AM 
Re: KCP onboarding - southern Financial/southern Trust (Epstein) [I] 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251132 
DB-SDNY-0 104948 
EFTA01449510

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449511.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: For internal use only 
Later this am is good, thx 
 original message  
From: Tazia Smith 
sent: 09/18/2013 10:09 PM EDT 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Fw: KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul - when is good for you? 
Forwarded by Tazia smith/db/dbcom on 09/18/2013 10:08 PM 
From: 
Troy-D williams/db/dbcom 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom008AMERICAS, 
Cc: 
Caroline Kitidis/db/dbcomODBAmericas, Kevin Ouinn/db/dbcom@D8Americas, Paul 
Morris/db/dbcomMIAMERICAS 
Date: 
09/17/2013 03:51 PM 
Subject: 
Re: KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Sure, please send a calendar invite. 
Regards 
Troy D williams 
credit Risk management 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
From: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom 
To: 
Troy-D williams/db/dbcom@DRAmericas, 
Cc: 
Paul Morris, Kevin Quinn/db/dbcom4D8AMERICAS, Caroline Kitidis/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS 
Date: 
09/17/2013 11:00 AM 
Subject: 
KCP Onboarding - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Troy - Southern Financial/Southern Trust (Epstein) is a new, significant, 
active relationship that we are on-boarding to KCP. Once we obtain the 
information for the ISDA template (per below), can we please have a brief 
meeting among all of us on this email to discuss the relationship (like we did 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104949 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251133 
EFTA01449511

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449512.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449512.pdf
----------------------------------------
for Grassie, Cindy's client) to ensure that we are all on the same page from a 
credit and timing perspective? 
Thank You, 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic25237.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Sank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth mana ement 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12774.gif) 
 Forwarded by Tazia Smith/db, 
on 09/17/2013 10:56 AM 
From: 
Kevin Quinn/db/dbcom 
To: 
Paul Morris/db 
Cc: 
Amanda Kirby/db/IIIIIIIIIIIIIII, Tazia Smith/db 
Stepanian/db 
Date: 
09/17/2013 10:14 AM 
Subject: 
Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Amanda, 
I am going through the account opening process while the ACAT forms are out. 
In the meantime, can you please fill out the Credit's ISDA template and 
retrieve the relevant financials etc? I am happy to answer any questions. 
[attachment "ISDA Preliminary Requirements - Collection Sheet.docx" deleted by 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom] 
, Vahe 
From: 
Paul Morris/db, 
To: 
Vahe Stepanian/db/ 
Cc: 
Amanda Kirby/db/ 
Tazia Smith/db/
Kevin 
Quinn/db 
Date: 
09/16/2013 08:25 PM 
Subject: 
Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104950 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251134 
EFTA01449512

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449513.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449513.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification: For internal use only 
No we should try dual track whenever possible, kevin pls call me tomorrow so 
we get it moving, thanks 
 Original Message  
From: vahe stepanian 
Sent: 09/16/2013 08:03 PM EDT 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Amanda Kirby; Tazia smith; Kevin Quinn 
Subject: Re: southern financial/southern trust [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
Paul, 
I CC'ed Kevin here who likely will be running point on ISDAs for Southern 
Financial and Trust. I thought we were going to wait until the assets are 
in-house to begin that process? 
Happy to help move forward regardless. 
Thank you, 
vahe 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic16472.gif) 
vahe Stepanian 
Associate 
I
Markets Coverage Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Emai 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
vahe stepanian/db/ 
Cc: 
Date: 
09/16/2013 06:08 PM 
Subject: 
southern financial/southern trust [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
we should start pulling together what we will need for ISDAs, i don't know who 
here runs with that so need help, thx 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Pri 
345 Park Avenue, 
New York. NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104951 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251135 
EFTA01449513

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449514.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449514.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104952 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251136 
EFTA01449514

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449515.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104954 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251138 
EFTA01449515

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449516.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104956 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251140 
EFTA01449516

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449517.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449517.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
9/19/2013 10:06:20AM 
To: 
Kevin Quinn 
CC: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Tazia Smith 
; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Fw: Financial Statement Eli 
Attachments: pic18531.gif; pic02115.gif; Financial statements - SFLLC.pdf; Financial statements - STC.pdf; Financial statements - 
Haze.pdf 
Classification: For internal use only 
Kevin -- Financial Statements for SIC, SFLLC and Haze Trust. let me know if 
you need anything else for the ISDAs 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic18531.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic0211S.gif) 
 Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 09/19/2013 10:05 AM 
From: 
"Jeanne Brennan" 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbc. 
Cc: 
"'Harry Beller'" 
Date: 
09/19/2013 10:00 AM 
Subject: 
Financial Statement 
Amanda, 
As requested please see attached financial statements. 
Jeanne(See attached file: Financial statements - sFisc.pdf)(see attached file: 
Financial statements - STC.pdf)(See attached file: Financial statements - 
Haze.pdf) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104958 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251142 
EFTA01449517

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449518.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449518.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104959 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251143 
EFTA01449518

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449519.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
FINANCIAL REPORT 
AS OF June 30, 2013 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104961 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251145 
EFTA01449519

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449520.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholder's Equity 
Income Tax Basis 
as of June 30, 2013 
ASSETS 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
471,577 
Due from brokers 
14,376,655 
Marketable securities, at cost 
12,251,702 
Managed investment accounts, at cost 
67,564,113 
Total current assets 
94,664,047 
Other assets 
Investment partnerships, at cost 
40,767,537 
Total other assets 
40,767,537 
TOTAL ASSETS 
135,431,584 
LIABILITIES AND MEMBER'S EQUITY 
Member's equity 
Member contributions 
134,805,488 
Net income 
626,096 
Total member's equity 
135,431,584 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND 
MEMBER'S EQUITY 
135,431,584 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104962 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251146 
EFTA01449520

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449521.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses 
Income Tax Basis 
For the Period Ended June 30, 2013 
Investment income 
634,865 
Expenses 
8,769 
Net income 
626,096 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104963 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251147 
EFTA01449521

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449522.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
FINANCIAL REPORT 
AS OF June 30, 2013 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104964 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251148 
EFTA01449522

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449523.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholder's Equity 
Income Tax Basis 
as of June 30, 2013 
ASSETS 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
$ 
24,744,690 
Due from brokers 
544,381 
Marketable securities, at cost 
5,474,980 
$ 
30,764,051 
Total current assets 
Property and equipment 
Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
3,197 
Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
3,197 
Property and equipment - net 
Other assets 
Investment partnerships 
500,000 
Sundry other assets 
28,624 
Total other assets 
528,624 
TOTAL ASSETS 
$ 
31,295,872 
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 
Current liabilities 
Sundry current liabilities 
41,207 
Total current liabilities 
41,207 
Shareholder's Equity 
Common Stock - no par value: 
authorized, issued, and outstanding 
1000 shares 
1,000 
Additional paid in capital 
28,624 
Retained earnings 
31,225,041 
Total shareholder's equity 
31,254,665 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND 
SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 
31,295,872 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104965 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251149 
EFTA01449523

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449524.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449524.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses 
Income Tax Basis 
For the Year Ended June 30, 2013 
Revenues 
Fee income 
Investment income 
Total revenues 
S 
31,500,000 
25,125 
31,525,125 
Expenses 
Employee costs and compensation 
209,555 
Occupancy expenses 
48,265 
Professional activites 
11,136 
Other operating expense 
21,255 
Charitable expenses 
9,873 
Total expenses 
300,084 
Net income 
31,225,041 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104966 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251150 
EFTA01449524

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449525.pdf
----------------------------------------
HAZE TRUST 
FINANCIAL REPORT 
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2012 AND 2011 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104967 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251151 
EFTA01449525

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449526.pdf
----------------------------------------
HAZE TRUST 
Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Net Assets 
as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 
ASSETS 
Current assets 
2012 
2011 
Cash and cash equivalents 
28,347 $ 
5,124,754 
Due from brokers 
727,645 
698,827 
Marketable securities, at cost 
21,608,258 
20,164,271 
Total current assets 
22,364,250 
25,987,852 
Other assets 
Investments partnerships, at cost 
69,180,283 
64,004,551 
Total other assets 
69,180,283 
64,004,551 
TOTAL ASSETS 
91,544,533 $ 
89,992,403 
AMIE 
LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS 
Net assets 
Net Contributions 
32,905,211 $ 
38,005,211 
Accumulated income 
58,639,322 
51,987,192 
Total net assets 
91,544,533 
89,992,403 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND 
NET ASSETS 
91,544,533 $ 
89,992,403 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104968 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251152 
EFTA01449526

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449527.pdf
----------------------------------------
HAZE TRUST 
Statement of Revenues and Expenses 
For the Years Ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 
2012 
2011 
Investment income 
6,867,434 $ 
2,997,521 
Expenses 
215,304 
272,847 
Net income 
6,652,130 $ 
2,724,674 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104969 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251153 
EFTA01449527

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449528.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
9/19/2013 1:55:33 PM 
To: 
jabwcpa@gmail.com 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
*Confidential: Re: FW: Privileged and Confidential 
Attachments: pic13302.gif; pic17580.gif 
Classification: Public 
Great! Thank you! We'll also need the August statements whenever you get a 
chance 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic13302.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
New York, NY USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17580.gif) 
From: 
"Jeanne Brennan" 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db, 
Date: 
09/19/2013 01:47 PM 
Subject: 
Fw: Privileged and Confidential 
As discussed 
From: Darren Indyke 
Sent: Wednesday, sely.11.1111111,11! 
To: Harry Beller; Jeanne Brennan 
Subject: Privileged and Confidential 
Jeanne and Harry, 
The signed ACAT forms are attached. I need you guys to check the information 
contained in the forms, account numbers, TIN, etc. to make sure all the info 
is correct. once you confirm that they are correct and ready to go, please 
send to Amanda. Amanda advised that pdf's are ok. Thanks. 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
New York 
w Y r 
Telephon 
Telecopi 
Mobile: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104970 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251154 
EFTA01449528

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449529.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449529.pdf
----------------------------------------
email: 
*******trfulefe****Ieletr****IrAte***Irirtetr**Irirstletr**IrstrYle***tritrY***Ittr4***flete********Aletfefeirleftlefe************* 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be 
attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the 
property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and 
destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - @ 2011 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC - All rights reserved. 
fetrirOkfefrirkirefifeirick*********44***Atriffc*iitliefektrtr4Y4***Cetrick***44icktr**44*AtririrknittrirkiensIt*trirktfetrtetr******Ortitr 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: Septemer 18, 2013 4:16:30 M EDT 
To: 
Subject: Message from RMEST_C253 
Reply-To: 
[attachment "SKMBT_C25313091816150.pdf" deleted by 
Kirby/db,1
] 
[attachment "ATT00139.htm- deleted by Amanda Kirby/dam
] 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104971 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251155 
EFTA01449529

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449530.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104972 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251156 
EFTA01449530

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449531.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104973 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251157 
EFTA01449531

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449532.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449532.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
9/19/2013 10:34:14 AM 
Kevin Quinn 
; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Southern Financial/Trust ISDA Discussion 
Attachments: c103416.ics 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
9/19/2013 2:00:00 PM 
9/19/2013 3:00:00 PM 
Tentative 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
Description 
Classification: For interred use only 
Troy-D Williams 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104974 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251158 
EFTA01449532

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449533.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449533.pdf
----------------------------------------
Class'licalsoo. For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104975 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251159 
EFTA01449533

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449534.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449534.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Southern Financial/Trust ISDA Discussion 
Start: 
9/19/2013 2:00:00 PM 
End: 
9/19/2013 3:00:00 PM 
Show Time As: Busy 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
Classification: For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104977 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251161 
EFTA01449534

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449535.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449535.pdf
----------------------------------------
Class'licalsoo. For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104979 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251163 
EFTA01449535

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449536.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449536.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251164 
EFTA01449536

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449537.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449537.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbco 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbco 
Tazia Smith db dbcom 
Kevin 
Quinn/db/dbcom 
Paul Morris 
Troy-D Williams/db/dbcom 
Subject: 
Southern Financial/Trust ISDA Discussion 
Start: 
9/19/2013 2:15:00 PM 
End: 
9/19/2013 2:45:00 PM 
Show Time As: Busy 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
Classification: For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104982 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251166 
EFTA01449537

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449538.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449538.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104984 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251168 
EFTA01449538

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449539.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
9/19/2013 2:18:35 PM 
To: 
Kevin Quinn 
Subject: 
Fw: Southern Financial/Trust ISDA Discussion [Ij 
Classification: For internal use only 
hi can we meet in my office, troy does not have space 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue,
New York, NY 10154 
Offic 
Cell: 
Fonyardod by Paul Morrlaktb/clbcom on 09/192013 02:17 PM —
tiib 
Southern Financial/Trust ISDA Discussion 
Thu 09/19/2013 2:30 PM - 3:00 PM 
Ancridance isfor Paul Monis 
latla Sudduth Allmon 
No La :anon Information 
'Si...lair:LI 
Amanda Kirby sib dlx 
Kevin Quinn/Lb' 
• 
Aitional 
Classification: For internal use only 
. Paul Monis, TsOrl) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104985 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251169 
EFTA01449539

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449540.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449540.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
Recurrence: 
Description 
Paul Morris 
9/19/2013 11.. 
Tazia Smith 
Southern Financial/Trust ISDA Discussion 
c104706.ics 
9/19/2013 2:30:00 PM 
9/19/2013 3:00:00 PM 
Busy 
(none) 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 104986 
SDNY_GM_00251170 
EFTA01449540

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449541.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251171 
EFTA01449541

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449542.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As 
Recurrence: 
Tazia Smith 
9/19/2013 10:43:31 AM 
Amanda Kirby 
Troy-0 Williams 
Kevin Quinn 
Southern Financial/Trust ISDA Discussion 
c104333.ics 
9/19/2013 2:30:00 PM 
9/19/2013 3:00:00 PM 
Tentative 
(none) 
Description 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul Morris 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251175 
DB-SDNY-0104991 
EFTA01449542

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449543.pdf
----------------------------------------
Class'licalsoo. For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104992 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251176 
EFTA01449543

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449544.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251177 
EFTA01449544

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449545.pdf
----------------------------------------
Document Cannot be Rendered 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104994 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251178 
EFTA01449545

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449546.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Stet: 
9/19/2013 2:36:05 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
CC: 
Mathew Negus 
Subject: 
Re: Southern Financial/Trust ISDA Discussion (II° III 
• Kevin Quinn [
J 
Classification: For internal use only 
On way - apologies 
Tazia Smith 
Director 
Markets Coverage Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities. Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 09/19/2013 02:18 PM EDT 
To: Tazia Smith: Kevin Quinn 
Subject: Fw: Southern Financialfrrust ISDA Discussion [II 
Classification: For internal use only 
hi can we meet in my office, troy does not have space 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
--- Forwarded by Paul Monis/db/dbcom on OS1912013 02.17 PM —
Southern Financialarust ISDA Discussion 
Thu 09/19/2013 2:30 PM - 3:00 PM 
Attendance isfor Paul Morris 
,atc 
No la:alien Infonnation 
Tana tztoidiAltddbcont 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0104996 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251180 
EFTA01449546

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449547.pdf
----------------------------------------
Atua.ncla Kuby.clbdbcomitiDBANIF_REAS. Kevin Quinn 'lb kilwom II 
3.%.‘ IER1CAS. Paul NiOffill. Troy-D 
albcom d DBAmcricas 
mathew.riegus ihlb.com 
Classification: For internal use only 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104997 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251181 
EFTA01449547

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449548.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
9/19/2013 3:44:20 PM 
To: 
Kevin Quinn 
CC: 
Vahe Stepanian 
; Tazia Smith 
I; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Fw: ACAT statements II) 
Attachments: pic08645.gif; pic19930.gif; pic30012.gif; pic00359.gif; SFLLC W91850003 Aug 2013.pdf; STC 
Aug 
2013.pdf; Jeepers 
Aug 2013.pdf; SFLLC 
Aug 2013.pdf; SFLLC 478137727 Aug 2013.pdf; STC 
Aug 2013.pdf 
classification: For internal use only 
FYI 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic0864S.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
34S Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19930.gif) 
 Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 09/19/2013 03:44 PM  
From: 
"Jeanne Brennan" <jabwcpa@gmail.com> 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@oBAMERICAS, 
cc: 
"'Darren /ndykes" 
"'Harry Beller." 
Date: 
09/19/2013 02:36 PM 
Subject: 
RE: ACAT statements 
Amanda, 
As requested Au ust statements for the ACT accounts: 
SFLLC - 
( included 
as some positions will be transferred to 
prior to ACT) and SFLLC 478137727 
STC -
STC -
Jeepers - 
Haze to follow. 
Jeanne 
From: Amanda Kirby [mailto 
To: 
.com; 
Sent: Nednesda 
September 18 
Subject: ACAT 
Classification: Public 
2013 4:31 PM 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104998 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251182 
EFTA01449548

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449549.pdf
----------------------------------------
Hi Jeanne and Harry, 
we also need the most recent financial statements (probably August) for the 
ACATS to be processed. The latest ones we have are July. We will need them 
for Southern Financial, Southern Trust, Jeepers and Haze. 
Thank you! 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30012.gif)cid:image001.gif0010EB537.845967F0 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic00359.gif)cid:image002.gif0010EB537.845967F0 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such.(See attached 
file: SFLLC W91850003 Aug 2013.pdf)(See attached file: STC W89640002 Aug 
2013.pdf)(See attached file: Jeepers w60975005 Aug 2013.pdf)(See attached 
file: SFLLC w92099006 Aug 2013.pdf)(See attached file: SFLLC 478137727 Aug 
2013.pdf)(See attached file: STC 24279849 Aug 2013.pdf) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 104999 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251183 
EFTA01449549

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449550.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105000 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251184 
EFTA01449550

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449551.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449551.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105001 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251185 
EFTA01449551

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449552.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105002 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251186 
EFTA01449552

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449553.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105003 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251187 
EFTA01449553

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449554.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOMAS 00802 
VIRGIN ISLANDS (U.S.) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105004 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251188 
EFTA01449554

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449555.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105005 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251189 
EFTA01449555

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449556.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449556.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Account Summary 
Account 
Beginning Net 
Ending Net 
Change 
Start on 
Client News 
Number 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Page 
A discrepancy was discovered in the display of certain 
Investment Account(%) 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LLC 
71,112,935.51 
70,977,092.83 
(135,842.68) 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
314.640.75 
314,640/5 
0.00 
Total Value 
371,427,576.26 
$71291,733.68 
($135,842.68) 
This account summary Is provided for informational purposes and includes assets at different entities. 
(1) Assets held at JPMorgan Chase Bank. N.A., member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"). except for exchange-
listed options, which are held at JPMorgan Clearing Corporation ("JPMCC). The Asset Account Statement reflects brokerage 
transactions executed through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC CJPMS"). see "Portfolio Activity Detair. Equity securities. fixed income 
securities, and listed options transactions are generally cleared through JPMCC, a wholly owned subsidiary of JPMS. Please see 
'Additional Information About Your Accounts- at the end of the Asset Account Statement. 
(2) Assets held in Margin Account at JPMCC, member Financial Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") and Securities Insurance Protection 
Corporation ("SIPC"). The Margin Account Statement reflects brokerage transactions executed by JPMS. see 'Portfolio Activity 
Detail". Such transactions are cleared and carried through JPMCC. 
Please see disclosures located at the end of this statement package for important information relating to each J.P.Morgan acoount(s). 
J. P Morgan 
pending transactions in the May month•end statement. 
All trades and positions have been recorded correctly in 
your account, and this discrepancy does not impact any 
holdings or market value(s) in your account(s). If you 
would hke an updated statement for May. please reach 
out to your J.P. Morgan team. 
0000012286. I5 0.15 00001 SOCITHAH 20135904 
Consolidated Statement Page 1 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105006 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251190 
EFTA01449556

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449557.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Consolidated Summary 
INVESTMENT ACCOUNTS 
Asset Allocation 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Estimated 
Current 
Asset Allocation 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Annual Income Allocation 
Equity 
32,270,100.98 
35,278,219.09 
3.008.11611 
1.600.370.70 
50% 
Alternative Assets 
1,987,600.00 
2,021,051.39 
33,451.39 
3% 
Cash 8 Fixed Income 
36.259.988.98 
33.107.426.37 
(3.152.562.61) 
1,983,056.26 
47% 
Market Value 
$70,617,6139.96 
$70,406,696.86 
($110,993.11) 
$3,683,426.96 
100% 
Accruals 
939,886.30 
885,036.73 
(24.849.57) 
Market Vatue with Accruals 
671,427,676.26 
$71,291,733.58 
($136,642.68) 
Portfolio Activity 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Beginning Market Value 
70,517,689.96 
0.00 
Net ContributionsAiVrthdrawats 
68,383,185.38 
Income 8 Distributions 
501,897.40 
942,483.55 
Change in Investment Value 
(612,890 51) 
1,081,027.92 
Ending Market Value 
$70,406,696.85 
$70,406,696.85 
Accruals 
8.85.036 73 
885.036 73 
Market Value with Accruals 
$71,291,733.68 
$71,291,733.66 
Alternate. 
Awn 
Cash 
Fires MCCIP7* 
This Consolidated Summary shows all of your investments at J.P. Morgan other than investments we hold in trust for you. These investments may be held in custody or investment 
management account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the "BanK) or in a brokerage or margin account at J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. ('JPMCC"). Brokerage and margin accounts are 
non-discretionary and all investment decisions are made by the client. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC CJPMS") does not provide advice on asset allocation or investment management 
services, nor do its personnel take discretion over any client accounts. Such advice and services are provided exclusively by the Bank. 
Consolidated Statement Page 2 
J. P Morgan 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105008 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251192 
EFTA01449557

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449558.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 811/13 to 8/31113 
Consolidated Summary 
CONTINUED 
INVESTMENT ACCOUNT(S) YEAR-TO-DATE 
Portfolio Activity 
Account 
Beginning 
Number 
Market Value 
Net Contnbutionsi 
Wthdrawals 
Income & 
Change in 
Ending Market Value 
Distributions 
Investment Value 
with Accruals 
SOUTHERN F :NANG Al I_ C 
SOUTHERN F:NANCAI, n.e
0.00 
68,068,729.31 
942,483.55 
1,080,843 24 
7O977.092 83 
0.00 
314,456.07 
184.68 
314,640 75 
Total Value 
$0.00 
$68,383,185.38 
$942,483.55 
$1,081,027.92 
$71,291,733.58 
Income Summary 
Account 
Other Income 
Realized Gain Loss 
Unrealized 
Number 
Income 
Income 
& Receipts 
Short-term 
Long-term 
Gaintossl
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LLC 
942.483 55 
308.178 82 
155.437 32 
631 336 11 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LLC 
(50.11) 
9.379.63 
Total Value 
$942,483.66 
$308,128.71 
'Unrealized Gain-toss represents data from the time of account inception to the current statement period. 
J. P Morgan 
$164,816.96 
$1,631,336.11 
Consolidated Statement Page 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105009 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251193 
EFTA01449558

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449559.pdf
----------------------------------------
3PMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
270 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10017-21)14 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/B 
Asset Account 
IP. Morgan Team 
Table of Contents 
Page 
Justin Nelson 
Banker 
Account Summary 
Paul Barrett 
Investment Specialist 
Holdings 
Janet Young 
Client Service Team 
Equity 
Gina Magliocco 
Ghent Service Team 
Alternatrve Assets 
Jason Grosse 
Client Service Team 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Online access 
www.jpmorganonline.com 
Portfolio Activity 
Please see discknures located at the end of this statement package for important information relating to each J P Morgan account(s).
J. P Morgan 
Account 
age 1 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 4 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105010 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251194 
EFTA01449559

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449560.pdf
----------------------------------------
a71 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT 
For the Period 8/I/13 to 8/31/13 
Account Summary 
Asset Allocation 
Beginning 
Market Value 
Ending 
Market Value 
Change 
In Value 
Estimated 
Annual Income 
Equity 
32.270.100 98 
35,278219 09 
3.008,118 11 
1,600,370 70 
Alternative Assets 
1.987.600.00 
2.021.051.39 
33.451 39 
Cash & Fixed Income 
35.945.348.23 
32.792.785.62 
(3,152.562 61) 
1.983.056.26 
Market Value 
570.203.049.21 
570.092.056.10 
($110.993.11) 
$3.603.426.96 
Accruals 
909,886 30 
885,036 73 
(24,849 57) 
Market Value with Accruals 
$71.112,936.61 
570,977.092.83 
($136,842.68) 
Current 
Asset Allocation 
Allocation 
50% 
3% 
47% 
100% 
Alternate. 
Auer. 
Portfolio Activity 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Cash 
Value 
nred (mom* 
Beginning Market Value 
70,203,049.21 
0.00 
Contributions 
15.362,706.02 
Withdrawals & Fees 
(430.430.11) 
Securities Transferred In 
53.240,793.69 
Securities Transferred Out 
(104.340.29) 
Net Contributions/Withdrawals 
50.00 
568,068,729.31 
Income & Distributions 
501.897.40 
942,483.55 
Change In Investment Value 
(612,890.51) 
1.080.843.24 
Ending Market Value 
570.092.056.10 
570,092,056.10 
Accruals 
885.03633 
885.03633 
Market Value with Accruals 
570.977,092.83 
570,977,092.83 
J. P Morgan 
Accoun 
Page 2 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 5 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105011 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251195 
EFTA01449560

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449561.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC ACCT 
For the Period 8/I/I3 to 8/31/13 
Account Summary 
CONTINUED 
Income Summary 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Domestic Dividendstistributions 
161.006 25 
625.538 75 
ST Realized Gainless 
16.509 61 
308.178.82 
Foreign Dividends 
54375.00 
LT Realized Gainless 
6.937.32 
155,437.32 
Currency Gainless 
172,171.59 
(376,641.71) 
Realized Gain/Loss 
$23,446.93 
$463,616.14 
Interest Income 
168.719.56 
761,154.64 
Accrued Interest Current Year 
(121,943.13) 
Income 
$601,887.40 
5942,483.66 
Cost Summary 
Cost 
Equity 
34.082.916.48 
Cash 8 Fixed Income 
32,052.239 95 
Total 
$66,136,166.43 
J. P Morgan 
To-Date Value 
Unrealized Gain/Loss 
$1,631.336.11 
Account W91850003 Page 3 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 6 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105012 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251196 
EFTA01449561

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449562.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449562.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Equity Summary 
Asset Categories 
Beginning 
Market Value 
Ending 
Market Value 
Change 
In Value 
Current 
Allocation 
US Large Cap Equity 
4,011,215.61 
3.973.273.78 
(37.941.83) 
6% 
US Small/Mid Cap Equity 
909.500.00 
938,500.00 
29,000.00 
1% 
Non-US Equity 
3,851,991.91 
3,506,921.96 
(345.069.95) 
5% 
European Large Cap Equity 
1,992,600.00 
1,962,200.00 
(30,400.00) 
3% 
Emerging Market Equity 
878.712.86 
833,168.31 
(45,544.55) 
1% 
Preferred Stocks 
5,599,378.28 
8.600.970.99 
3.001.592.71 
12% 
Concentrated 8 Other Equity 
15,026,702.32 
15,463,184.05 
436,481 73 
22% 
Total Value 
$32,270,100.98 
$35,278,219.09 
$3,008,118.11 
50% 
Market Value/Cost 
Current 
Penod Value 
Market Value 
35,278,219.09 
Cost 
34,082.916 48 
Unrealized Gainttoss 
912.036 06 
Estimated Annual Income 
1,600.370 70 
Accrued Dividends 
256594 25 
Yield 
452% 
J. P Morgan 
Asset Categories 
Emerging Market Equity 
US Smaltlant Cap Equity 
Europe's Large Cap EquiTy 
Non-VS EM MY 
US Large Cap &wiry 
Equity as a percentage of your portfolio - 50 % 
Concentratod S Other &w ay 
Pm fared Stocks 
Account 
Page 4 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 7 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251197 
DB-SDNY-0 105013 
EFTA01449562

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449563.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449563.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Note 
Unrealized Gain Loss is shown as "N. A" in cases where we do not have appropriate cost information for all tax lots comprising the position Please contact your J P Morgan learn (or additional 
information.
Equity Detail 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Original Cost 
Unrealized 
GaIM.oee 
EM. Annual Inc. 
Accruec
- 11W7 
Yield 
US Large Cap Equity 
ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS INC 
04033A-10-0 ARIA 
18.60 
16.535 000 
307,551.00 
290,997.40 
16,553.60 
BIOGEN IDEC INC 
09062X-10-3 BUS 
213.02 
2,095.000 
448,276.90 
250,454.95 
195,821.95 
FACEBOOK INC-A 
30303M-192 FB 
41.29 
17,500.000 
722,645.00 
665,000.00 
67,645.00 
GENERAL ELECTRIC CO 
369604-10-3 GE 
23.14 
23,000.000 
532,220.00 
496,109.08 
36,110.92 
17,480.00 
3.28% 
JPM VALUE ADVANTAGE FD -INS7L 
FUND 1400 
4812A2-56-7 JVAI X 
24.96 
78,709.170 
1.964.580.88 
2,000,000.00 
(35,419.12) 
19,992.12 
1.02% 
Total US Large Cap Equity 
US Small/Mid Cap Equity 
DEUTSCHE BK AG LDN BRH 
DBL LONG ETN38 
8.90 
50,000.000 
$3,973,273.78 
445.000 00 
53.702.561.43 
352.529.00 
$270,712.36 
92,471 00 
$37,472.12 
0.94% 
2515414-55-8 DAG 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Page 5 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 8 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105014 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251198 
EFTA01449563

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449564.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449564.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8131/13 
Price 
Cluantity 
Value 
Adiusted Cost
Original Cost 
Unrealtzed 
Gaintoss 
Est Annual Ins 
Accrued Div 
Yield 
US Stnall/Nlid Cap Equity 
SANGAMO BIOSCIENCES INC 
9.87 
50,000 000 
493,500.00 
422,214.00 
71,286.00 
800677-10-6 SGMO 
Total US Small/Mid Cap Equity 
$938,600.00 
$774,743.00 
$163,767.00 
$0.00 
0.00% 
Non-US Equity 
ACCOR SA 
37.72 
8,750.000 
330,037.33 
337,612.87 
(7,575.54) 
ISIN FR0000120404 SEDOL 5852842 
F00189.90-6 UR 
ADECCO SA-REG 
62.85 
4,900.000 
307,957.95 
339,220.24 
(31,262.29) 
ISIN CH0012138605 SEDOL 7110720 
H03392-92-0 HF 
AUTOGRILL SA 
15.74 
21,400.000 
336,923.38 
333,823.48 
3,099.90 
ISIN 17000113734 SEDOL 5256206 
78347V-91-5 UR 
BNP PARIBAS 
62.52 
5,003.000 
312,607.09 
329,132.36 
(16,525.27) 
ISIN FR0000131104 SEDOL 7309681 
F07875-90-3 UR 
CARREFOUR SUPERMARCHE 
31.23 
10,500.000 
327,925.92 
329,196.98 
(1,271.08) 
ISIN FR0000120172 SEDOL 5641567 
F13923-90-3 UR 
COCA-COLA HBC AG 
27.57 
11,300.000 
311,493.05 
331,777.88 
(20,284.83) 
ISIN CH0198251305 SEDOL 69895B7 
588874.91.7 BP 
COMPAGNIE DE SAINT-GOBAIN 
46.60 
6,750.000 
314,545.43 
319,967.65 
(5,422.22) 
ISIN FR0000125007 SEDOL 7380482 
F80343-95-1 UR 
J. P. Morgan 
Account W91850003 Page 6 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 9 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105015 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251199 
EFTA01449564

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449565.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL 1.1.0 
For the Period 8/111 to 8/31 13 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost
Original Cost 
Unrealtzed 
Gain Loss 
Est Annual Inc 
Accrued Div 
Yield 
Non-US Equity 
FRAPORT AG 
63.87 
5,000.000 
319,345.14 
327,648.17 
(8,301.03) 
SEDOL 
JC DECAUX INTERNATIONAL 
33.43 
10,000.000 
334,265.09 
327,986.80 
6,278.29 
ISIN 
SEDOl 
LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC 
1.12 
291000.000 
326,582.03 
343,600.26 
(17,018.25) 
ISIN 
SE DOL IMMO 
RENAULT SA 
71.31 
4,000.000 
285,239.55 
317,870.23 
(32,630.68) 
ISIN 
SEDOL 
Total Non..US Equity 
$3.600,021.00 
$3.037,834.94 
($130,912.96) 
$0.00 
0.00% 
European Large Cap Equity 
HSBC CONT BUFF ED SX6E 08129114 
98.11 
2,000.000 000 
1,962,200.00 
2,000,000.00 
(37,800.00) 
80% EKO BARRIER- 4%CPN 
17% CAP 
INITIAL LE 
-05/24/13 SX5E:2764.29 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 7 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 10 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105016 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251200 
EFTA01449565

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449566.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449566.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT.
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/3 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost
Original Cost 
Unrealtzed 
Gain/Loss 
Est Annual  Inc 
Accrued Div 
Yield 
Emerging Market Equity 
JPM LATIN AMERICA FD • SEL 
16.83 
49504 950 
833.168 31 
000 000 00 
(166 831 69) 
841.58 
0.10% 
Preferred Stocks 
ALLY FINANCIAL INC 
26.91 
126.600 000 
3.406 806 00 
2,782,242.51 
624,563 49 
268,39200 
7.88% 
1, 
240,426 40 
GMAC CAPITAL TRUST I 
26.54 
8o,000 000 
2,123,200.00 
1,882,773.80 
162,480.00 
7.65% 
PFD STK 8 1,15% 
ROYAL BANK SCOTLAND GROUP PLC 
22.94 
120.000.003 
2,752,800.00 
2,924,400.00 
(171.600.00) 
217.560.00 
7.90% 
ADR NON-CUMULATIVE 
VOLKSWAGEN AG PFD 
227.26 
1,400.000 
318,164.99 
340,287.60 
(22,122 61) 
Total Preferred Stocks 
$8,600,970.99 
$7,929,703.71 
3671,267.28 
$648,432.00 
7.64% 
Concentrated & Other Equity 
BANK OF AMERICA CORP 
110.17 
2,000,000.000 
2,203,400.00 
2,081,180.56 
122,219.44 
162,500.00 
7.32% 
1,8% PFD STK DEC 29 2049 
47,846.00 
DM 04,30:2038 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 8 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 11 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105017 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251201 
EFTA01449566

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449567.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449567.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost
Original Cost 
Unrealded 
Gaintoss 
Est Annual Inc 
Accrued Div 
Yield 
Concentrated & Other Equity 
GENERAL ELEC CAP CORP 
109.37 
2,000,000.030 
2.187.420.00 
2,122,916.67 
64,503.33 
142,500.00 
8.45% 
7.125% DEC 15 2049 
30,062.00 
DTD 06/12/2012 
GENERAL MOTORS CO 
48.66 
71.000.000 
3,454,860.00 
3,585,969.22 
(131.109.22) 
16&625.03 
4.88% 
CV PFD B 
42.156 25 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO 
110.04 
5,000,000.000 
5,502,050.00 
5,498,006.95 
4,043.05 
395.000.00 
7.12% 
7.9% PFD STK APR 30 2049 
132,760.00 
DTD 04 23.2008 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO 
94.69 
750.000.000 
710,137.50 
750,000.00 
(39,862 50) 
45.000 00 
8.38% 
07:29:2013 
3.750 00 
LONG TOTAL RETURN SWAP 
1.00 
888,972.000 
283,286.55 
N/A " 
N/A 
1,999,999.368942 USD NOTIONAL 
KOSPTREO INDEX 
MAT MAR 20 2014 DEAL 
NIO Client 
MS MARKET PLUS MRK 08/20/14 
112.21 
1,000,000.000 
1,122,050.00 
1,000,030.00 
122,050.00 
80% EKO BARRIER- 3.55%CPN 
,UNCAPPED 
INITIAL LEVEL-02/14/13 MRK:41.19 
Total Concentrated & Other Equity 
$16,463,184.05 
$16,038,073.40 
3141,844.10 
$913,626.00 
6.87% 
$266,594.25 
J.P Morgan 
Account 
Page 9 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 12 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105018 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251202 
EFTA01449567

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449568.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT.
For the Period 8/1/13 to 6/31/13 
Alternative Assets Summary 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Current 
Asset Categories 
Estimated Value 
Estimated Value 
In Value 
Allocation 
Hard Assets 
1,987,600.00 
2,021,051.39 
33,451.39 
3% 
Alternative Assets Detail 
Estimated 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Coe* 
Hard Assets 
SG MARKET PLUS WTI CRUDE 08:05/14 
LNKD TO CL1 
78.75% BARRIER- 1096CPN ,UNCAPPED 
INITIAL LEVEL-07/25/13 CL1:105.68 
78423E-HS-6 
99.83 
2,000 030.000 
1,996,600.00 
2,000,000.00 
WTI CALL OPTION 
USD PUT OPTION 
STRIKE 110.00 
EXPIRING 02/14/2014 
250,000 BARRELS 
OTCBDC-PH-K 
1.00 
250.000 
697,543.73 
562,500.00 
WTI PUT OPTION 
USD CALL OPTION 
STRIKE 93.50, KI 
EXP 83.50 
EXPIRING 02/14/2014 
250,000 BARRELS 
OTCBDP-KG-F 
1.00 
(250.000) 
(673,092.34) 
(562,500.00) 
Total Hard Assets 
$2,021,051.39 
$2,000,000.00 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Page 10 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 13 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105019 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251203 
EFTA01449568

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449569.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Cash & Fixed Income Summary 
Asset Categories 
Beginning 
Market Value 
Ending 
Market Value 
Change 
In Value 
Current 
Allocation 
Cash 
4.452.801.94 
1.645.091.62 
(2.807.710.32) 
2% 
Non-USD Cash 
(204.969.06) 
373398.54 
578367.60 
1% 
US Fixed Income 
24368.521.90 
23908.322.34 
(460.199.56) 
34% 
Non-US Fixed Income 
3.089.156.20 
2,970,682.30 
(118,473.90) 
4% 
Complementary Structured Strategies 
4,159,761.47 
3,852,993.10 
(306.768.37) 
5% 
Foreign Exchange Contracts 
80,075.78 
42,297.72 
(37,778.06) 
1% 
Total Value 
$35,945,348.23 
$32,792,785.62 
($3,152,562.61) 
47% 
Market Value/Cost 
Current 
Penod Value 
Market Value 
32.792.785.62 
Cost 
32.052.239.95 
Unrealized Gaintoss 
698.248.66 
Estimated Annual Income 
1.983.056,26 
Accrued Interest 
628.44248 
Yield 
6.52% 
J. P Morgan 
Asset Categories 
Foreign Exchange Contracts 
Non-LISO COW 
Cash 
NonUS Fixed McOme 
Complementary Structured 
Strategies 
US Fixed income 
Cash 8, Fixed Income as a percentage of your portfolio - 47 % 
Account W91850003 Page 11 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 14 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251204 
DB-SDNY-0 105020 
EFTA01449569

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449570.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT.
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
SUMMARY BY MATURITY 
SUMMARY BY TYPE 
Market 
% of Bond 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Value 
Portfolio 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Market 
Value 
% of Bond 
Portfolio 
0-6 months' 
4268,133,26 
13% 
Cash 
1.645.091.62 
5% 
1-5 years' 
3.853.100.00 
11% 
NON USD Cash 
373,398.54 
1% 
5-10 years' 
8.613.731.00 
26% 
Corporate Bonds 
11,399.293,00 
36% 
10• years' 
16,015.523.64 
50% 
International Bonds 
8.201.713.30 
25% 
Total Value 
$32,750,487.90 
100% 
Mortgage and Asset Backed Bonds 
7.277,998 34 
22% 
Complementary Structure 
3.852.993.10 
11% 
' The years Indicate the number of years until the bond is scheduled to mature 
based on the statement end date. Some bonds may be called. or paid in full, 
before their stated maturity. 
Total Value 
532,750,487.90 
100% 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 12 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 15 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251205 
DB-SDNY-0105021 
EFTA01449570

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449571.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/13 to N/31/13 
Cash & Fixed Income Summary 
NET FX CONTRACTS EXPOSURE SUMMARY 
Value 
in Currency 
CANADIAN DOLLAR 
(5,000,000.00) 
JAPANESE YEN 
468,650,000.00 
Note: 
P indicates position adjusted for Pending Trade Activity. 
' This Is the Annual Percentage Yield (APY) which is the rate earned if balances remain on deposit for a fun year with compounding, there is no change in the interest rate and all interest 
is left in the account. 
Cash & Fixed Income Detail 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Gain,Loss 
Est. Annual Income 
Yield 
Original Cost 
Accrued Interest 
Cash 
US DOLLAR 
1.00 
1,394.841 62 
1,394,841.82 
1,394,841.62 
139.48 
0.01%1
19.71 
PROCEEDS FROM PENDING SALES 
1.00 
250 250 00 
250,250.00 
250,250.00 
Total Cash 
$1,645,091.112 
$1,645,051.82 
$0.00 
$139.48 
0.01% 
$19.71 
Non-USD Cash 
CANADIAN DOLLAR 
0.95 
0.01 
0.01 
0.01 
J. P Morgan 
Acco
age 13 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 16 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105022 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251206 
EFTA01449571

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449572.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Gaintoss 
Est. Annual Income 
Yield 
Original Cost 
Accrued Interest 
Non-USD Cash 
SWISS FRANC 
EURO PRINCIPAL CURRENCY 
1.07 
1.32 
001 
283,178.22 
001 
373.398 52 
0.01 
377.195.09 
(3.796.57) 
Total Non-USD Cash 
$373.398.04 
$377,195.11 
(53,796.57) 
$0.00 
0.00% 
US Fixed Income 
HEADWATERS INC 
106.50 
1,000,000.00 
1,065,000.00 
1,035,000.00 
30,000.00 
76250.00 
6.23% 
7.625 04101/2019 DTD 03/I 112011 
31,770.00 
EARTHLINK INC 
96.52 
1,000,030.00 
965,200.00 
1,033,500.00 
(68,300.00) 
88.750.00 
9.68% 
7/8% MAY 15 2019 
26,131.00 
DTD 05/17/2011 
KINDRED HEALTHCARE INC 
105.00 
2,000000.00 
2,100,000.00 
1,966,250.00 
133,750.00 
185.000.00 
7.17% 
1/4% JUN 01 2019 
41,250.00 
DTD 06/01/2011 
SERVICEMASTER COMPANY 
95.50 
2,500000.00 
2,387,500.00 
2,865,625.00 
(278.125.00) 
zoosioaoo 
8.93% 
8% FEB 15 2020 
8,887.50 
OTO 02/13/2012 
LLOYDS TSB BANK PLC 
119.29 
1.500.000.00 
1,789,380.00 
1.627.500 00 
161680.00 
148,125.00 
6.75% 
MTN 9 7'8% DEC 16 2021 
104,920.50 
DID 121 6,2011 
HELD BY EUROCLEAR 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 14 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 17 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105023 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251207 
EFTA01449572

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449573.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449573.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Gaintoss 
Est. Annual Income 
Yield 
Original Cost 
Accrued Interest 
US Fixed Income 
BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
102.22 
300,000.00 
306,651.00 
300,000.00 
6.651.00 
23250.00 
7.42% 
7.750%04+1012023 DTD 04+102013 
9,106.20 
06739E-HK-0 BB+ /NR 
HOIEBANC MORTGAGE TRUST 
81.55 
960,981.70 
591,455.41 
540,552.21 
50,903.20 
10608.35 
3.69% 
2004-1 CL IMI VAR RT 08/25/2029 
17.29 
DTD 07/30+2004 
43739E-AC-1 CCC /CA 
SEQUOIA MORTGAGE TRUST 
74.53 
1,027,327.78 
765,826.28 
757,654.23 
7,972.05 
16,983.78 
5.81% 
CL B1 VAR RT 12'20;2032 
93.48 
DTD 1030+2002 
81744A-A8-4 CCC +CAA 
COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS 
94.04 
1,258,961.92 
1,183884.84 
1,202,308.63 
(18,443.79) 
72,390.31 
8.19% 
2003-1 CL B1 5.750% 031252033 
6,031.68 
DTO 01101+2003 
12669D-YS-1 
STRUCTURED ASSET SECURITIES CO 
93.34 
936,183.76 
873,805 84 
936,183 76 
(62,377.92) 
56,171.02 
7.88% 
2003-10 CL 82 6.000% 04+25+2033 
4,680.91 
DID 03,28+2003 
86359A-QW-6 CCC / 
COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS 2003.26 CL B1 
62.56 
1,347,212 31 
842.816 02 
1,037,353.47 
(194.537.45) 
7,191.79 
6.69% 
33684%08+25+2033 DTD 06/01/2003 
598.16 
12669E-RR-9 
IMPAC CMB TRUST 
82.93 
1,542,867.02 
1.279.429.61 
1,076,142.77 
203,286.84 
14317.71 
4.44% 
2005-2 CL 1M2 VAR RT 04+25/2035 
41.65 
DTD 03/03/2005 
45254N-NC-7 CC +CA 
CHASE MORTGAGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
95.21 
1.828.512.97 
1.741.000.34 
1.618.233.98 
122.766 36 
54.708.92 
39% 
REMIC 2007-A1 CL 2A4 2.99199% 
4558.48 
02/25/2037 DTD 02/01/2037 
161630-AK-4 CCC /CA 
J.P.Morgan 
Account 
Page 15 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 18 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105024 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251208 
EFTA01449573

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449574.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Gaintoss 
Est. Annual Income 
Yield 
Original Cost 
Accrued Interest 
US Fixed Income 
P ZIONS BANCORPORATION 
VAR RT Og/29/2049 UM 08/13/2013 
989701-8F-3 
99.75 
450,000.00 
448,875130 
450,000.00 
(1,125.00) 
32,400.00 
15,940.00 
7.22% 
LSO CAPITAL NO.1 PLC 
144A VAR RT 12/29/2049 
DTD 12/15/2009 HELD BY EUROCLEAR 
ISIN XS0473106283 SEDOLB51C139 
50178R-9A-1 BB-/NA 
104.50 
3,000,000.00 
3,135,000.00 
3,247,500.00 
(112,500.00) 
240,000.00 
50,664.00 
7.83% 
GENERAL ELEC CAP CORP 
5.250% 12/31/2049 DTD 05/290013 
369622-ST-3 AA- /BAA 
91.30 
1,400,000.00 
1,278,158.00 
1,400,000.00 
(121,842.00) 
73,500.00 
17,966.20 
5.83% 
SOUTHERN CAL EDISON 
61/4% DEC 31 2049 
DTD 01/17/2012 
842400-FU-2 BBB /BAA 
105.15 
5000000.00 
3.154560.00 
3.016549.17 
1375110 83 
187,500.00 
15,624.00 
5.90% 
Total US Fixed Income 
Non-US Fixed Income 
PETROLEOS DE VENEZUELA S 
1/2% NOV 02 2017 
DTD 10/29/2010 
HELD BY EUROCLEAR 
ISIN USP7807HAK16 SEDOL BSSCOL3 
716550-9A-8 B /NA 
89.99 
2.500.000 00 
$23,908.322.34 
2.249.750 00 
$23,910,453.22 
262 750 CO 
(52,130.88) 
(13.000 00) 
$1,467,144.88 
$338,281.05 
212600.00 
70.242 50 
6.61% 
11.58% 
J. P Morgan 
Account W91850003 Page 16 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 19 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105025 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251209 
EFTA01449574

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449575.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Gaintoss 
Est. Annual Income 
Yield 
Original Cost 
Accrued Interest 
Non-US Fixed Income 
REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA -ARS 
1.64 
10.000.000.00 
164.057 30 
318.000.00 
(153.942.70) 
65.619 40 
39.66% 
NOTES DEC 15 2035 
46.742 22 
CH0 11/01/2005 
HELD BY EUROCLEAR 
ISIN ARARGE03E147 SEDOL B0S5SP7 
042993-9R-8 RS 
REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA 
7.43 
7.500.000 00 
556.875.00 
1.038.750 00 
(481.875 00) 
237.652.50 
42.20% 
NOTES DEC 15 2035 
169.282.50 
DTD 11/01/2005 
HELD BY EUROCLEAR 
ISIN USO40114GM64 SEDOL B2PDMVV3 
042993-95-6 
Total Non-US Fixed Income 
$2,970,682.30 
$3,619,500.00 
($648,817.70) 
$516,771.90 
18.87% 
$286,267.22 
Complementary Structured Strategies 
JPY CALL CAD PUT 
(769.000.000.00) 
(0.71) 
(336,952.82) 
336,952.82 
FX EUROPEAN STYLE OPTION 
OCT 08, 2013 
76.9 
AT EXP KU @ 69.65 
XJPYCA-TZ-Z AD 
JPY CALL USD PUT 
(486,250.000.00) 
(10,646.84) 
(85,000.00) 
74,353.16 
FX EUROPEAN STYLE OPTION 
SEP 10.2013 @ 97.25 
AT EXP KI 69475 
XJPYCA-UI-Z 
J.P Morgan 
Account 
Page 17 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 20 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105026 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251210 
EFTA01449575

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449576.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8131/13 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Original Cost 
Unrealized 
Gain Loss 
Est. Annual  Income 
Accrued Interest 
Yield 
Complementary Structured Strategies 
JPY PUT CAD CALL 
FX EUROPEAN STYLE OPTION 
OCT 08 2013 
-
80.9 
0.15 
809,000,000.00 
1.229.296.89 
336,952.82 
892,344.07 
JPY PUT USD CALL 
FX EUROPEAN STYLE OPTION 
III. 
100. 
500,003,000.00 
12,369.70 
121,500.00 
(109.13030) 
JPY PUT USD CALL 
FX EUROPEAN STYLE OPTION 
SEP 10. 2013 O 105. 
(500,000,000.00) 
(85.94) 
(36,500.00) 
36,434.08 
OS MXN STEP UP NOTE 11/22/13 
LNKD TO MXN VS USD 
85%BARRIER- 5% ATM CPN-22.9%MXRTRN 
STRIKE: 13.11925 
101.87 
1,000,000.00 
1,018,690.00 
1,000,030.00 
18,690.00 
JPM 3YR NC CLN TO MTOR 04116115 
INITIAL RATE 6.20% CPN 
4'1 
, 
106.89 
1,500,000.00 
1603.350.00 
1,500,000.00 
103.360.00 
3,874 50 
Total Complementary Structured Strategies 
53.852,993.10 
$2,500,000.00 
$1,352,993.81 
$0.00 
$3,874.50 
0.00% 
J.P.Morgan 
Accoun 
Page 18 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 21 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105027 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251211 
EFTA01449576

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449577.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Market Value 
Receivable 
Trade Date 
Currency 
Amount 
Contract 
Current Market 
Market Value 
Unrealized 
Settlement Date Counter Currency 
Counter Amount 
Rate 
Forward Rate 
Payable 
Gainless 
Foreign Exchange Contracts 
CANADIAN DOLLAR 
JAPANESE YEN 
Aug. 23 13 
CAD 
(5,000,030.00) 
93.730000 
900150 
4,777,445.75 
42,297.72 
Ocl. 10 13 
JPY 
488,650,000.00 
4,735,148.03 
J. P. M organ 
ACCIDUM7C; 
of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 22 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105028 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251212 
EFTA01449577

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449578.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
Portfolio Activity Summary - U S Dollar 
For the Period 8/1/13 to W31/13 
Transactions 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Securities •I'ransferred
Out 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
4,347,187.84 
Securities Transferred In 
52,196,971.85 
INFLOWS 
Securities Transferred Out 
(104,340.29) 
Income 
329,725.81 
1,294,677.15 
Contributions 
14,227,338.28 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
297,447.51 
6,414,663.17 
Total Inflows 
$627,173.32 
$21,936,678.68 
Current 
Year-To-Date 
Cost Adjustments 
Period Value 
Value' 
OUTFLOWS " 
Cost Ao,ustrrents 
93.145 83 
6,129 741 97 
VtAthdrawals 
(430,430.11) 
Total Cost Adjustments 
$93,145.83 
$6,129,741.97 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
13,36° 535 93) 
(8,978,745.37) 
Total Outflows 
(53.368.535.93) 
($9,407,176.48) 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
Sewed Sales/MaturitiesRedemptions 
2,508,746 39 
31,253,042.44 
Settled Securities Purchased 
(2,717,730 00) 
(42,387.703 92) 
Total Trade Activity 
($210.983.61) 
($11.134.661.48) 
Ending Cash Balance 
$1,394,841.62 
• Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis. 
• Your accounts standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P. M organ 
Account -image 
of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 23 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105029 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251213 
EFTA01449578

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449579.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449579.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Detail - U S Dollar 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Settle Date 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount 
Amount 
Selection Method 
Cost 
Income 
8/1 
Div Domest 
SOUTHERN CAL EDISON 61/4% DEC 31 2049 DTD 
01/17/2012 (ID: 842400-FU-2) 
3,000,000.000 
0.031 
93,750.00 
Interest Income 
DEPOSIT SWEEP INTEREST FOR 07/01/13 - 07/31/13 
.01% RATE ON AVG COLLECTED BALANCE OF 
$7,860,019.43 AS OF 08/01/13 
65.73 
8/1 
8/8 
Interest Income 
CLIFFS NATURAL RESOURCES CV PFD 7% @ 0.4375 PER 
SHARE (ID: 18883K-40-8) 
6,000.000 
0.438 
2,625.00 
Accrued Int Reod 
TO REVERSE ENTRY OF 05130/2013 IMPAC CMB TRUST 
SER 2005-2 CL 1M1 VAR RT 04/25/2035 DTD 
03/002005 AS OF 05/30/13 (ID: 45254N-N139) 
1,580,099.390 
(36.79) 
8/8 
Accrued Int Recd 
IMPAC CMB TRUST SER 2005-2 CL 1M1 VAR RT 
04125/2035 DTD 03/03/2006 (ID: 45254N-NB-9) 
1,580,099.390 
36.78 
8/15 
Div Domest 
ALLY FINANCIAL INC 812% PFD Q 0.53125 PER 
SHARE (ID: 02005N-30-8) 
126,600.000 
0.531 
67,256.25 
8/15 
Corporate Interest 
SERVICEMASTER COMPANY 8% FEB 15 2020 DID 
02/13/2012 (ID: 81760N-AN-9) 
2,500,000.000 
0.04 
100,000.00 
8/15 
Interest Income 
GMAC CAPITAL TRUST I PFD SIX 81/8% @ 0.507813 
PER SHARE (ID: 361860-20-8) 
80,000.000 
0.508 
40,625.04 
8/19 
820 
Accrued Int Reed 
Corporate Interest 
Corporate Interest 
ZIONS BANCORPORATION VAR RT 09:29:2049 DID 
0813:2013 (ID. 989701-BF-3) 
SEQUOIA MORTGAGE TRUST 11 CL B1 VAR RT 
12/20/2032 DTD 10/30/2002 (ID: 81744A-AB-4) 
50,000 000 
1,032,091.287 
0.001 
001 
005 
60.00 
1,416 14 
826 
COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS 2003-1 CL 81 5.750% 
1,334,646.920 
6,425 66 
03/25/2033 DTD 01/01/2033 (ID: 12669D-YS-1) 
J.P.Morgan 
Account W91850003 Page 21 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 24 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105030 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251214 
EFTA01449579

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449580.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LILC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Type 
Descnption 
Quantity 
C(rist 
Per Unit 
Amount 
Amount 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Income 
8/26 
Corporate Interest 
COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS 2003-26 CL 81 5.33884% 
08/25/2033 DTD 06/01/2003 (ID: 12689E-RR9) 
1,377,374.577 
0.004 
6,145.27 
8/26 
Corporate Interest 
CHASE MORTGAGE FINANCE CORPORATION REMIC 
2007-A1 CL 2A4 2.99199% 02/25/2037 DTD 
02/01/2007 (ID: 161630-AK-4) 
1,937,113.840 
0.002 
4,368.37 
8/26 
Corporate Interest 
HOMEBANC MORTGAGE TRUST 2034-1 CL 1M1 VAR RT 
0805/2029 DTD 07/30/2034 (ID: 43739E-AC-1) 
971,761.274 
0.001 
882.71 
one 
Corporate Interest 
IMPAC CMB TRUST 2005-2 CL 1M2 VAR RT 04/252035 
DTD 03/03r2005 (ID: 459s4N NC-7) 
1,552,704.830 
0.001 
1,276.71 
8/26 
Corporate Interest 
STRUCTURED ASSET SECURITIES CO 2003-10 CL B2 
6.000% 04/25/2033 DTD 03282003 
(ID: 86359A-QW-6) 
961,788.930 
0.005 
4,808.94 
Total Income 
8329,725.81 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Cost 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
8/28 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - SELL BUY USD SELL 
JPY EXCHANGE RATE 97 160000000 DEAL 08(27/13 
VALUE 08,28•13 (ID. OJPYPR.AA-9) 
(28,900.000.000) 
(295.788.34) 
297,447.51 
J. P Morgan 
Accot.
Page 22 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 25 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105031 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251215 
EFTA01449580

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449581.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449581.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC ACCT
I 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Type 
Descnption 
Quantity 
Cost
Amount 
Settle Date
Selection Method 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
8/15 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
1,141,294.030 
(1320,210.50) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.332008000 DEAL 06/12/13 
1,520,210.50 
VALUE 03/15/13 (ID. OEURPR-AA-9) 
8/15 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
107,266600 
(166,079.80) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.548290000 DEAL 08112'13 
166.079 60 
VALUE 08/1513 (ID: OGBPPR-CV-1) 
8/15 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
105.709 460 
(163,668.90) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.548290000 DEAL 08112/13 
163.668 90 
VALUE 03/15/13 (ID: OGBPPR-CV-1) 
8/15 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY CHF SELL 
158,095 620 
(171,063.80) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE .924191000 DEAL 08/12/13 
171,063 80 
VALUE 06/15/13 (ID: OCHFPR-AA-4) 
Total Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
($3,388,636.93) 
J.P Morgan 
Accoun
of 46 
Consolidated Statement Page 27 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105033 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251217 
EFTA01449581

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449582.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL Ur 
ACCT 
For the Period 8/I/13 to 8/31/13 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
Note: 
L indicates Long Term Realized Gain/Loss 
S indicates Short Term Realized Gain:Loss 
* Sewed transaction was initiated in prior statement penod and settled in current statement period 
Trade Date 
Type 
Settle Date 
Selection Method 
Description 
Per Unit 
Realized 
Quantity 
Amount 
Proceeds 
Cost 
GainiLoss 
Settled Sales/Maturities/Redemptions 
724 
Sale 
JONES ENERGY INC - A @ 14 263229 99,842.60 
(7,000.000) 
14.223 
99,560.86 
(105,000.00) 
(5,439.14) S" 
Si 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 280.00 TAX &OR SEC 1.74 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 48019R-10-8) 
724 
Sale 
GRANA Y MONTERO SA - ADR e 21.542143 150.795.00 
(7,000.000) 
21.502 
150,51237 
(147,910.00) 
2,602.37 S.
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 280.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 2.63 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 36500P-20-8) 
731 
Sale 
COUSINS PROPERTIES INC © 10.385268 103,852.68 
(10,000.000) 
10.345 
103,450.87 
(100,000.00) 
3,450.87 S* 
a 5 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 400.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 1.81 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 222795-10-6) 
all 
Sale 
AMERICAN HOMES 4 RENT- A O 15.560867 233,413.01 
(15,000.000) 
15.521 
232,808.94 
(240,000.00) 
(7,191.06) S 
8/6 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 600.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 4.07 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 02665T-30-6) 
8/2 
Sale 
BOYD GAMING CORP e 12.25 49,003.00 BROKERAGE 
(4,000.000) 
12.21 
48.839.14 
(48,000.00) 
839.14 S 
8/7 
High Cost 
160.00 TAX 8/OR SEC .86 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES 
LLC (ID: 103304-10-1) 
&.2 
Sale 
LIBERTY PROPERTY TRUST S13:I Q 36.00 270,000.00 
(7,500.000) 
35.959 
269,695.30 
(270,000.00) 
(304.70) S 
817 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 300.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 4.70 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 531172-10-4) 
8/2 
Sale 
VANTIV INC - CL A e 26.343917 158,063.50 
(6,000.000) 
26.303 
157,820.74 
(154,500.00) 
3,320.74 S 
817 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 240.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 2.76 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 92210H-10-5) 
5/23 
Sale 
TO REVERSE ENTRY OF 05/30/2013 IMPAC CMS TRUST 
1,580,099.390 
79.372 
(1,254,163.83) 
1,106,069.20 
(148,094.63) S* 
8/8 
High Cost 
SER 2035-2 CL 1M1 VAR RT 04/25/2035 DTD 
03/03/2005 @ 78.125 JP MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 
(BIDL) FACE VALUE 10,000,000.00 AS OF 05/30/13 
(ID: 45254N-NB-9) 
J. P. M organ 
Accou 
Page 25 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 28 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105034 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251218 
EFTA01449582

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449583.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Type 
Settle Date 
Selection Method 
Description 
Per Unit 
Realized 
Quantity 
Amount 
Proceeds 
Cost 
Gain Loss 
Settled Sales/Maturities/Redemptions 
5/23 
Sale 
IMPAC CMB TRUST SER 2005-2 CL IM1 VAR RT 
8/8 
High Cost 
04/25/2035 DTD 03/03/2035 et 78.126S MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (BIDL) FACE VALUE 10,000,000.00 
(ID: 45254N-NB-9) 
(1,580,099.390) 
78.125 
1,234,452.68 
(1,1(0,069.20) 
128.383.46 S.
8/7 
Sale 
ALLISON TRANSMISSION HOLDING 0 22.50 45,000.00 
(2,000.000) 
22.46 
44,919.21 
(44,000.00) 
919.21 S 
8/12 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 80.00 TAX SJOR SEC .79 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 01973R-10-1) 
8/8 
Sale 
ADVENT SOFTWARE INC e 28.10 28,100.00 BROKERAGE 
(1.000 000) 
28.06 
28,059.51 
(27,000.00) 
8/13 
High Cost 
40.00 TAX 8/OR SEC .49 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES 
LLC (ID. 007974-10-8) 
St 
Sale 
DCT INDUSTRIAL TRUST INC (4 7.27 29.08000 
(4.000 000) 
23 
28,919.49 
(28,800.00) 
8/13 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 160.00 TAX 8/OR SEC .51 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 233153-10-5) 
8/8 
Sate 
MR AUCTION SERVICES INC@ 25.8605 25.860.50 
(1,000.000) 
25.82 
25,820 05 
(25,000 00) 
8/13 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 40.00 TAX 8/OR SEC .45 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 48238T-10-9) 
8/8 
Sale 
DCP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP • 50.040107 
(3,000.000) 
49.999 
149,997.70 
(150,120.00) 
8/14 
High Cost 
150,120.32 BROKERAGE 120.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 2.62 
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 23311P-10-0) 
1,059.51 S 
119.49 S 
820.05 S 
(122.30) S 
8/8 
Sale 
INTREXON CORP 0 22.00 27,500.00 BROKERAGE 15.00 
(1,250.000) 
21.988 
27,484.52 
(20,000.00) 
7,484.52 S 
8/14 
High Cost 
TAX 8JOR SEC .48 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 
(ID: 46122T-10-2) 
8/9 
Sale 
NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDIN 0 30.443 30,443.00 
(1,000.000) 
33.402 
30,402.47 
(29,750.00) 
652.47 S 
8/14 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 40 00 TAX &OR SEC .53 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID. G66721.10.4) 
8/9 
Sale 
CIEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP • 22.70 113,500.00 
(5,000.000) 
22.66 
113 298 02 
(105.000 00) 
8,298.02 S 
8/14 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 200.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 1.98 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 74735R-11-5) 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Page 26 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 29 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105035 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251219 
EFTA01449583

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449584.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Type 
Settle Date 
Selection Method 
Description 
Per Unit 
Realized 
Quantity 
Amount 
Proceeds 
Cost 
Gaut Loss 
Settled Sales/Maturities/Redemptions 
as 
Sale 
QUALITY DISTRIBUTION INC § 8.97 4.485.00 
(500.000) 
8.93 
4,464.92 
(4.300.00) 
164.92 S 
Si 4 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 20.00 TAX 8/OR SEC .08 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 
523 
Sale 
TO REVERSE ENTRY OF 05/29/2013 ZIONS 
1,500,000.000 
100.875 
(1,513,125.00) 
1,500,000.00 
(13,125.00) V 
ails 
High Cost 
BANCORPORATION VAR RT 1231/2049 DM 05(21/2013 
e 100.875 JP MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (BIDL) AS OF 
05/29/13 (ID: 
5/23 
Sale 
ZIONS BANCORPORATION VAR RT 12/31/2049 DM 
(1,500,000.000) 
100.625 
1,509,375.00 
(1,500,000.00) 
9,375.00 WI 
8/15 
High Cog 
05121/2013 0 100.875 1,513,125.00 BROKERAGE 
3,750.00 JP MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (BIDL) 
(ID: 
8/12 
Sale 
CLIFFS NATURAL RESOURCES CV PFD 7% e 22 033333 
(6.000 000) 
21.993 
131,967.69 
(150,000.00) 
(18.042.31) S 
8/15 
High Cost 
132,200.00 BROKERAGE 240.00 TAX &'OR SEC 2.31 
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 
8/13 
Sale 
LAREDO PETROLEUM HOLDINGS IN 0 23.621028 
(9.000 000) 
23.581 
212,225.55 
(213,750.00) 
(1,524.45) S 
8/19 
High Cost 
212,589.25 BROKERAGE 360.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 3.70 
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 
8/14 
Sale 
NORTHERN TIER ENERGY LP ft 22.30 89,200.00 
(4,000.000) 
22.26 
89,038.44 
(91,400.00) 
(2,361.56) S 
8/19 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 160.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 1.56 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID 
8/14 
Sale 
ZIONS BANCORPORATION VAR RT 09/29/2049 DTD 
(50,000.000) 
100.05 
50,025.00 
(50,000.00) 
25.00 S 
8/19 
High Cost 
08/13/2013 0 100.10 50,050.00 BROKERAGE 25.00 
JP MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (BIDL) 
(ID: 
8/20 
Ptincipal Payment SEQUOIA MORTGAGE TRUST 11 CL B1 VAR RT 
(4,763.530) 
100.00 
4,763.53 
(3,513.10) 
1,250.43 S 
8/20 
Pro Rata 
12/20/2032 DTD 10/302032 PAYMENT NC PRINCIPAL 
(ID: 
J.P Morgan 
Account 
Page 27 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 30 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105036 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251220 
EFTA01449584

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449585.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449585.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount 
Proceeds 
Cost 
Realized 
Gain Loss 
Settle Date 
Selection Method 
Settled Sales/Maturities/Redemptions 
aii4 
&20 
8'14 
8.20 
(1.000 000) 
10.192 
10.192 32 
30,674.16 
(9.840.00) 
352.32 S 
Sale 
High Cost 
GENMARK DIAGNOSTICS INC @ 10.2325 10.232 50 
BROKERAGE 40.00 TAX 8/OR SEC .18 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 372309-10-4) 
Sale 
High Cost 
MEDICINES CO CI 30.7147 30,714.70 BROKERAGE 
40.00 TAX 8/OR SEC .54 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES 
LLC (ID: 584688-105) 
(1,000.000) 
30.674 
(30.250.00) 
424.16 S 
8/14 
Sale 
PENNYMAC MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST C 72.10 
(4,000.000) 
22.06 
88,238.46 
(89,360.00) 
(1,121.54) S 
8/20 
High Cost 
88,400.00 BROKERAGE 160.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 1.54 
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 709317-10-3) 
8/15 
Sala 
THIRD POINT REINSURANCE LTD © 12.25 73,500.00 
(6,000.000) 
12.21 
73,258.72 
(75,000.00) 
(1,741.28) S 
8/21 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 240.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 1.28 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: G8827U-10-0) 
8/15 
Sale 
MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST INC C 12.66 63.300.03 
(5,000.000) 
12.62 
63,098.89 
(63.750.00) 
(651,11) S 
8/21 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 200.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 1.11 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 58463J-30-4) 
826 
Principal Payment COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS 2003-1 CL 81 5.750% 
(75.685.003) 
100.00 
685 00 
(72.279 16) 
3.405.82 S 
8:26 
Pro Rata 
03:25:2033 DTD 01:01/2003 PAYMENT AC PRINCIPAL 
(ID: 12669D-YS-1) 
8/26 
Principal Payment COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS 2003-26 CL 81 5.33684% 
(30,162.270) 
100.00 
30,162.27 
(23,224.95) 
6,937.32 L 
8,26 
Pro Rata 
08/25/2033 DTD 08/01/2033 PAYMENT NC PRINCIPAL 
(ID: 12669E•RR-9) 
626 
Principal Payment CHASE MORTGAGE FINANCE CORPORATION REMIC 
(108.600.870) 
100.00 
108.600.87 
(96. 11I 77) 
12.489 10 S 
Pro Rata 
2007-A1 CL 2A4 2.99199% 02/25/2037 DTD 
0201;2007 PAYMENT NC PRINCIPAL 
(ID 161630-AK-4) 
&26 
Principal Payment HOMEBANC MORTGAGE TRUST 20041 CL 1 M1 VAR RT 
(10,779 570) 
100.00 
779 57 
(6 063 51) 
716 06 S 
8,26 
Pro Rata 
08/252029 DTD 07/30/2004 PAYMENT A C PRINCIPAL 
(ID: 43739E-AC-1) 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 28 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 31 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 105037 
SDNY_GM_00251221 
EFTA01449585

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449586.pdf
----------------------------------------
t747 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period 1.11.1. 
Trade Date 
Type 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount 
Proceeds 
Cost 
Realized 
Gala Loss 
Settle Date 
Selection Method 
Description 
Settled Sales/Maturities/Redemptions 
(9.847 810) 
100.00 
9.847.81 
(6.868.85) 
&26 
Principal Payment IMPAC CMS TRUST 2006-2 CL 1M2 VAR R104/25/2035 
a26 
Pro Rata 
DTD 03/03/2005 PAYMENT NC PRINCIPAL 
(ID: 45254N-NC-7) 
2,978.96 S 
826 
Principal Payment STRUCTURED ASSET SECURITIES CO 2003-10 CL B2 
826 
Pro Rata 
6.000% 04/25/2033 DID 03/28/2003 PAYMENT A/C 
PRINCIPAL (ID: 86359A-QW6) 
(25,605.170) 
100.00 
25,605.17 
(25,605.17) 
Total Settled Sales/Maturities/Redemptions 
$2,606,746.39 
($2,606.396.63) 
$6937.32 L 
($6,6117.44) S 
Trade Date 
Description 
Quantity 
Per Ural 
Amount 
Market Cost 
Settle Date 
Type 
Settled Securities Purchased 
7/24 
Purchase 
GRANA Y MONTERO SA - ADR O 21.13 J.P. MORGAN 
7,000.000 
21.13 
(147,910.00) • 
8/1 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 38500P-20-8) 
7/31 
Purchase 
COUSINS PROPERTIES INC @ 10.00 J.P. MORGAN 
10.000 000 
10.00 
(100.000.00) • 
8/5 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 222795-10-6) 
8/2 
Purchase Option 
Wfl CALL OPTION USD PUT OPTION STRIKE 110.00 
250.000 
2,250.00 
(562.500.00) 
8/6 
EXPIRING 02/142014250,000 BARRELS PURCHASE 
OTC CALL (ID: OTCBDC-PH-K) 
8/2
Write Option 
WIT PUT OPTION USD CALL OPTION STRIKE 93.50, KI 
(250.000) 
2,250.00 
562,500.00 
EXP 83.50 EXPIRING 02/142014 250,000 BARRELS 
WRITTEN OTC PUT (ID: OTCBDP-KG-F) 
8/1 
Purchase 
AMERICAN HOMES 4 RENT- A Q 16.00 J.P. MORGAN 
15,000.000 
16.00 
(240,000.00) 
8/6 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 02665T-30-6) 
8/2 
Purchase 
BOYD GAMING CORP 0 12.00 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES 
4,000.000 
12.00 
(48,000.00) 
8/7 
LLC (ID: 103304-10-1) 
J.P.Morgan 
Accot 
Page 29 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 32 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105038 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251222 
EFTA01449586

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449587.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount 
Market Cost 
Settle Date 
Settled Securities Purchased 
8:2 
Purchase 
LIBERTY PROPERTY TRUST SEB:l O 36.00 J.P. 
7.500 000 
36.00 
(270,000.00) 
8/7 
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 531172-10-4) 
8/1 
Purchase 
VANTIV INC - CL A (a 25.75 J.P. MORGAN 
6,000000 
25.75 
(154,500.00) 
8/7 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 92210H-105) 
8/7 
Purchase 
ALLISON TRANSMISSION HOLDING 0 22.00 J.P. 
2,000 000 
22.00 
(44,000.00) 
8/12 
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 01973R-10-1) 
8/8 
Purchase 
ADVENT SOFTWARE INC fa 27.00 J.P. MORGAN 
1,000 000 
27.00 
(27,000.00) 
8/13 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 007974404) 
8/8 
Purchase 
DCP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP @ 50.04 J.P. MORGAN 
3.000 000 
5004 
(150,120 00) 
8/13 
SECURITIES LLC OD 23311P-10-0) 
8/8 
Purchase 
DCT INDUSTRIAL TRUST INC § 7.20 J.P. MORGAN 
4,000.000 
20 
(28.800 00) 
8/13 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 233153-10-5) 
8/8 
Purchase 
INTREXON CORP Q 16.00 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES 
1,250.000 
16.00 
(20.000 00) 
8/13 
LLC (ID: 46122T-10-2) 
8/8 
Purchase 
KAR AUCTION SERVICES INC 
25.00 J.P. MORGAN 
1,000.000 
25.00 
(25,000.00) 
8/13 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 48238T-10-9) 
8/8 
Purchase 
ZIONS BANCORPORATION VAR RT 12/31/2049 DTD 
750.000.000 
100.00 
(750,000.00) 
8/13 
08/13/2013 0 100.00 JP MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 
(1310L) (ID: 989701-BF-3) 
8/9 
Purchase 
NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDIN la 29.75 J.P. 
1,000.000 
29.75 
(29,750.00) 
8/14 
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: G66721-10-4) 
8/8 
Purchase 
OEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP Q 21.00 J.P. MORGAN 
5,000.000 
21.00 
(105,000.00) 
8/14 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 74735R-114) 
8,8 
Purchase 
QUALITY DISTRIBUTION INC flp 8.60 J.P. MORGAN 
500.000 
8.60 
(4,300.00) 
814 
SECURITIES LLC (ID 74756M-10-2) 
8/13 
Purchase 
LAREDO PETROLEUM HOLDINGS IN 0 23.75 J.P. 
9,000.000 
23.75 
(213,750.00) 
8/19 
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 516808-10-6) 
J. P. Morgan 
Account W91850003 Page 30 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 33 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105039 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251223 
EFTA01449587

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449588.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period 
ACCT. 
8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Description 
Per Unit 
Quantity 
Amount 
Market Cost 
Settle Date 
Type 
Settled Securities Purchased 
8.14 
Purchase 
8/19 
GENMARK DIAGNOSTICS INC @ 9.84 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 372309-104) 
1800 000 
9.84 
(9.840.00) 
8/14 
Purchase 
8/19 
MEDICINES CO at 30.25 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 
(ID: 584888-10-5) 
1,000 000 
30.25 
(30,250.00) 
8/14 
Purchase 
8/19 
NORTHERN TIER ENERGY LP 42 22.85 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 885828-10-3) 
4,000 000 
22.85 
(91,400.00) 
8/14 
Purchase 
8/19 
PENNYMAC MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST @ 22.34 J.P. 
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 70931T-10-3) 
4.000 000 
22.34 
(89,360.00) 
Sf15 
Purchase 
8.20 
8/15 
Purchase 
8120 
THIRD POINT REINSURANCE LTD @ 12 50 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID. G-8827U-10-0) 
MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST INC @ 12 75 J P 
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 58463)-30.4) 
6.000.000 
12.50 
5.000 000 
12.75 
(75.003.00) 
(63.750.00) 
Total Settled Securities Purchased 
(52,717.730.00) 
Trade Date 
Type 
Description 
Per Unit 
Quantity 
Amount 
Proceeds 
Cost 
Realized 
Gain/Loss 
"mottle Date Selection Method 
Pending Sales, Maturities, Redemptions 
8128 
Sale 
ZIONS BANCORPORATION VAR RT 09/29/2049 DTD 
(250,000.000) 
100.10 
250,250.00 
(250800.00) 
250.00 S 
9/3 
08/13/2013 (ID: 98970143F-3) 
J. P. M organ 
ACCOUnt 
Page 31 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 34 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105040 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251224 
EFTA01449588

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449589.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary - Canadian Dollar 
US Dollar Value 
Local Value 
Transactions 
Current 
Penod Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Current 
Penod Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
Contributions 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
7,134,950,74 
0.01 
01 
27,500,000.00 
0.01 
26,722,951.76 
7.500.000 00 
Total Inflows 
OUTFLOWS n 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
57,134050.74 
(7.134,950.74) 
$26,722,951.77 
(26.722.951.76) 
7,500,000.00 
(7.500.000.00) 
27,500,000.01 
(27.500.000.00) 
Total Outflows 
(57,134,950.74) 
(526.722.951.76) 
(7600.000.00) 
(27,600.000.00) 
Ending Cash Balance 
0.01 
• Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis. 
• Your account's standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 33 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 36 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105042 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251226 
EFTA01449589

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449590.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
For the Period 
to r 
Portfolio Activity Detail - Canadian Dollar 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Gain/Loss USD 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Local Value 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
8128 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY CAD SELL 
(242.025.000.000) 
2,384,131.22 
JPY CONTRACT
TRADE 8/10/13 
2,500,000.00 
VALUE 8/28/1 
8/28 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY CAD SELL 
(469,400,000.000) 
4'50,819.52 
JPY EXCHANGE RATE 93.880000000 DEAL 08/23/13 
5,000,000.00 
VALUE 08/28:13 
Total Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
87,13050.74 
$0.00 
Type 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Descnplion 
Quantity 
Local Value 
Gain/Loss USD 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
8/28 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY JPY SELL 
740,325,000.000 
(7.134.950.74) 
17,442.93 
CAD CONTRACT RATE • 98 710000000 TRADE 5123/13 
(7.500,000.00) 
VALUE 8/28/13 
J. P. Morgan 
Account 
Page 34 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 37 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105043 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251227 
EFTA01449590

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449591.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary - Euro 
US Dollar Value 
Local Value 
Transactions 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Current 
Penod Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
Contributions 
837,388.68 
1,135,367.75 
6,672,282 00 
837.388.58 
Foreign Exchange -Inflows 
691851117 
15,446.863.09 
11,672.282 00 
Total Inflows 
OUTFLOWS " 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
$8,918,613.17 
$16,662,230.84 
6.672.282.00 
12,609,670.68 
(6,692,749.93) 
(12,926,160.34) 
(5.000.000 00) 
(10.000,000.00) 
Total Outflows 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
($6,692.749.93) 
($12.926.160.34) 
(6500,000.00) 
(10,000,000.00) 
Settled Securities Purchased 
(2.963.524.14) 
(2,963,524.14) 
(2.228.492.36) 
(2.226.492.38) 
Total Trade Activity 
($2,963524.14) 
($2,963,624.14) 
(2,226,492.36) 
(2,226,492.36) 
Ending Cash Balance 
283,178.22 
• Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis. 
" Your accounts standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 35 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 38 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105044 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251228 
EFTA01449591

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449592.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Detail - Euro 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount USD 
Currency 
GaIn/Loas USD 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Local Value 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
8/5 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
(204,838.020) 
204,838.02 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.327000000 DEAL 08/01/13 
154,361.73 
VALUE ostrasti (ID: 0EURPR-AA-9) 
8/7 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
(162,928.240) 
162,928.24 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.326300000 DEAL 06/05/13 
122,844.18 
VALUE 06/07/13 (ID: OEURPR-CV-1) 
8/8 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY EUR SELL 
(6,137,999.990) 
6,564,675.64 
CHF CONTRACT RATE : 1.251550000 TRADE 5/23/13 
4,904,318.64 
VALUE 8/06/13 (ID: OEURPR-M-9) 
8/9 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
(127,973.820) 
127,973.82 
100.47 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.337500000 DEAL 08/09/13 
95,681.36 
VALUE 08/09/13 (ID: OE URPR-AA-9) 
8/14 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
(173,269.020) 
173,289.02 
USD EXCHANGE RATE I 331800000 DEAL 06/12/13 
130,101.38 
VALUE 08/14/13 (ID: OE URPR-CV-1) 
8/14 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
(164.717 930) 
164,717.93 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.331800000 DEAL 08/12/13 
123,680.68 
VALUE 08/14/13 (ID: 0EURPR-CV-1) 
8/15 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
(1,520,210.500) 
1,520,210.50 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1 332006000 DEAL 08/12/13 
1.141,294 03 
VALUE 03/15 13 (ID 0EURPR-AA-9) 
Total Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
$8.918.613.17 
$100.47 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Page 36 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 39 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105045 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251229 
EFTA01449592

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449593.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Type 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Descnption 
Duantity 
Amount USD 
Cunency 
Local Value 
Gaintoss USD 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
at 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY CHF SEU. 
8,138,000.000 
(6,642,74993) 
EUR CONTRACT RATE : 1.227600000 TRADE 596/13 
(5,030.000.00) 
VALUE 8/08/13 (ID: OEURPR-AA-9) 
TRADE ACTIVITY - Euro 
Note: 
Settled transaction was initiated in prior statement period and settled in current statement period 
Trade Date 
Type 
Descnption 
Cluantity 
Per Und 
Amount USD 
Market 
Cost USO 
Currency 
Gaintoss USD 
Settre Date 
Local Value 
Local Value 
Settled Securities Purchased 
7/31 
Purchase 
VOLKSWAGEN AG PFD ISIN DE0007664039 SEDOL 
700.000 
238.598 
(167,018.58) 
2,792.34 • 
8/2 
5497168 (ID: 928662-92-3) 
179.15 
(125,781.21) 
7/31 
Purchase 
JC DECAUX INTERNATIONAL ISIN FR0000077919 SEDOL 
5,000.000 
32.157 
(160,78593) 
2.227.32 * 
8/5 
7136663 (ID: F5333N414) 
24.097 
(121,087.42) 
7/31 
Purchase 
AUTOGRILL SA ISIN 17000113734 SEDOL 5256206 
10,900.000 
15.321 
(166,999.72) 
2,313.39 • 
(ID: T8347V-91-5) 
11.49 
(125,767.01) 
7131 
Purchase 
CARREFOUR SUPERMARCHE !SIN FR0000120172 SEDOL 
5.500 000 
30.925 
(170,089.99) 
2.356.21 * 
8.5 
5641567 (ID: F13923-90-3) 
23.174 
(128694.28) 
7/31 
Purchase 
ACCOR SA ISIN FR0000120404 SEDOL 5852842 
4,500 000 
37.786 
(170,037.29) 
2.355.48 * 
(ID: F00189-90-6) 
28.315 
(128,054.59) 
7/31 
Purchase 
RENAULT SA MIN FR0000131906/SEDOL 4712798 
2,000.000 
78.882 
(157,763.32) 
2,185.45 * 
(ID: 759994-93-8) 
59.11 
(118,811.10) 
7/31 
Purchase 
COMPAGNIE DE SAINT-GOBAIN ISIN FR0000125007 
3,500.000 
46.374 
(162,307.25) 
2,248.39 • 
8/5 
SEDOL 7380482 (ID: F80343-95-1) 
34.75 
(122,233.12) 
(0.01) 
J.P Morgan 
Account W91850003 Page 37 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 40 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105046 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251230 
EFTA01449593

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449594.pdf
----------------------------------------
(471/(eg 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LIC ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Settle Date 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount USD 
Market 
Cost USD 
Currency 
Gain/Loss USD 
Local Value 
Local Value 
Settled Securities Purchased 
7.31 
Purchase 
BNP PARIBAS ISIN FR0000131104 SEDOL 7309681 
2,500 000 
64.757 
(161,893.57) 
2,242.66 
&5 
(ID: F07875-90-3) 
48.526 
(121,921.58) 
Purchase 
FRAPORT AG ISIN DE0005773303 SEDOL 7107551 
2,500.000 
65.171 
(162,928.24) 
8(7 
(ID: 03856U-)0-0) 
48.991 
(122,844.18) 
812 
Purchase 
VOLKSWAGEN AG PFD ISIN DE0007664039 SEDOL 
700.000 
247.527 
(173,269.02) 
8114 
5497168 (ID: 925662-92-3) 
185.303 
(130,101.38) 
8/12 
Purchase 
FRAPORT AG ISIN DE0005773303 SEDOL 7107551 
2,500.000 
65.887 
(164,717.93) 
8/14 
(ID: D3B58U-90-0) 
49.324 
(123,880.68) 
8/12 
Purchase 
BNP PARIBAS ISIN FR0000131104 SEDOL 7309681 
2,500.000 
66.896 
(167.238.79) 
393.81 
8/15 
(ID: F07875-90-3) 
49.854 
(125,258.43) 
8/12 
Purchase 
ACCOR SA ISIN FR0000120404 SEDOL 5852842 
4,250.000 
39.43 
(167,575.58) 
394.60 
8/15 
(ID: F00189-90-6) 
29.385 
(125,510.68) 
8/12 
Purchase 
RENAULT SA ISIN FRO000131906/SEDOL 4712796 
2,000.000 
80.053 
(160,106.91) 
377.01 
8/15 
(ID: 759994-90-8) 
59.66 
(119,916.80) 
8/12 
Purchase 
COMPAGNIE DE SAINT-GOBAIN ISIN FR0000125007 
3,250.000 
48.511 
(157,660.40) 
371.26 
8/15 
SEDOL 7380482 (ID: F8D343-95-1) 
36.153 
(118,084.41) 
8/12 
Purchase 
CARREFOUR SUPERMARCHE ISIN FR0000120172 SEDOL 
5,000.000 
31.821 
(159,105.99) 
374.66 
8/15 
5641567 (ID: F13923-90-3) 
23.715 
(119,167.88) 
8/12 
Purchase 
JC DECAUX INTERNATIONAL ISIN FR0000077919 SEDOL 
5,000.000 
33.44 
(167,200.87) 
393.72 
815 
7136663(10: F5333N-91.0) 
24921 
(125,230.03) 
Purchase 
AUTOGRILL SA ISIN 17000113734 SEDOL 5256206 
10,500.000 
888 
(166,823.76) 
392.83 
8116 
(ID: 78347V-91-5) 
11.85 
(124,947.58) 
Total Settled Securities Purchased (USD) 
($2,963,524.14) 
321,419.13 
J. P Morgan 
Account W91850003 Page 38 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 41 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105047 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251231 
EFTA01449594

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449595.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary - Japanese Yen 
US Dollar Value 
Local Value 
Transactions 
Curet 
Per. cc ValLe 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
Foreign Exchange - innows 
577 145 49 
0.00 
203,183 62 
740,325,030.00 
2,699,025,000.00 
Total Inflows 
OUTFLOWS
67,677,146.49 
$27.203.183.62 
740,326,000.00 
2,699,026,000.00 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
(7,525,366.46) 
(27,143 358 55) 
(740,325,000.00) 
(2,699,025.000.00) 
Total Outflows 
(37,626,366.46) 
($27,143,368.66) 
(740.326,000.00) 
(2,699,026,000.00) 
Ending Cash Balance 
0.00 
' Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis 
" Your accounts standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
age 39 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 42 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105048 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251232 
EFTA01449595

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449596.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Detail - Japanese Yen 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Gain Loss USD 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Local Value 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
8'28 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY JPY SELL 
CAD CONTRAC 
TRADE 5123/13 
VAE 8/28/13 
U 
(7,500,000.000) 
7577.145 49 
740.325,000.00 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Gain Loss USD 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Local Value 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
8/28 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY CAD SELL 
JPY CONTRACT RAT : . 1 
0000 TRADE 6/10'13 
VALUE 8/28/13 
2,500,000.000 
(2,477.099.43) 
(242,025,000.00) 
8/28 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - SELL BUY CAD SELL 
JPY EXCHANG 
DEAL 08/23/13 
VALUE 05/28/1•Milar 
5,000,000.000 
(4,750,819.52) 
(469,400000.00) 
(53.438 20) 
8/28 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - SELL BUY USD SELL 
JPY EXCHANGE RATE 97 160000000 DEAL 08/27113 
VALUE 08/28/13-
297,447.510 
(297,447.51) 
(28,900.000.00) 
1,659.17 
Total Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
($7,625,386.46) 
($51,779.03) 
J. P. M organ 
Accounts 
Page 40 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 43 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105049 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251233 
EFTA01449596

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449597.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to W31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary - Pound Sterling 
US Dollar Value 
Local Value 
Transactions 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value 
Current 
Penod Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
675.378.16 
675,378.16 
0.00 
436.85204 
436.852 04 
Total Inflows 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
$676,378.18 
3676,378.18 
134,862.04 
436,862.04 
Settled Securities Purchased 
(675.378.16) 
(675,378.16) 
(436.852.04) 
(436.852.04) 
Total Trade Activity 
(3676,378.16) 
(3676,378.16) 
(436,862.04) 
(436,862.04) 
Ending Cash Balance 
0.00 
' Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis.
Your accounts standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 41 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 44 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105050 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251234 
EFTA01449597

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449598.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Detail - Pound Sterling 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Gain/Loss USD 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Local Value 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
8/8 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
(1,730.570) 
1,730.57 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.536300000 DEAL 08/05/13 
1,128.45 
VALUE 06/08113 (ID: OGBPPR-CV-1) 
8/8 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
(175,789.910) 
175,789.91 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.536300000 DEAL 08/05/13 
114,424.21 
VALUE 03/08/13 (ID: OGBPPR-CV-1) 
8/14 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
(168,108.980) 
168,108.98 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.551890000 DEAL 08/09/13 
108,325.32 
VALUE 08/14/13 (ID: OGBPPR-CV-1) 
8/15 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
(166,079.800) 
166,079.80 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.548290000 DEAL 08/12/13 
107,266.60 
VALUE 06/15/13 (ID: OGBPPR-CV-1) 
6/15 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
(163,668.900) 
163,668.90 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.548290000 DEAL 06/12/13 
105,709.48 
VALUE 08/15/13 (ID: OGBPPR-CV-1) 
Total Foreign Exchange - billows 
3476,378.18 
$0.00 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 42 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 45 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105051 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251235 
EFTA01449598

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449599.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449599.pdf
----------------------------------------
TRADE ACTIVITY - Pound Sterling 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount USD 
Market 
Cost USD 
Clammy 
USD 
Settle Date 
Type 
Description 
Local Value 
Local Value 
Gain/Loss 
Settled Securities Purchased 
8/5 
Purchase 
LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC ISIN G80008706128 
1,500 000 
1.154 
(1,730.57) 
SEDOL 0870612 (ID. G91101-10-8) 
0.745 
(1,126.45) 
8/5 
Purchase 
LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC ISIN GB0008706128 
148,500.000 
1.184 
(175,789.91) 
8/8 
SEDOL 0870612 (ID: G91101-10-8) 
0.764 
(114,424.21) 
8/9 
Purchase 
COCA-COLA NBC AG ISIN CH0198251305 SEDOL 
5,650.000 
29.754 
(168,108.98) 
8/14 
13989587 (ID: 588874-91-7) 
19.115 
(108,325.32) 
8/12 
Purchase 
LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC ISIN GB0038706128 
141,000.000 
1.178 
(168,079.80) 
8/15 
SEDOL 0870612 (ID: G91101-10-8) 
0.755 
(107,266.60) 
8/12 
Purchase 
COCA-COLA NBC AG ISIN CH0198251305 SEDOL 
5,650.000 
28.968 
(163,668.90) 
8/15 
B9895B7 (ID: 588874.91.7) 
18.654 
(105,709.46) 
Total Settled Securities Purchased (USD) 
($676,378.16) 
MOO 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 43 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 46 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105052 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251236 
EFTA01449599

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449600.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449600.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary - Swiss Franc 
US Dollar Value 
Local Value 
Transactions 
Current 
Penod Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Current 
Penod Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
7.016.039 56 
13.606,585 71 
0.00 
6.451.066 58 
12.641.566 58 
Total Inflows 
OUTFLOWS 
57,016,039.66 
$13,606,585.71 
6,451,066.68 
12,641,666.68 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
(6,676,819.31) 
(13,256,846.75) 
(6,137,999.99) 
(12.328.499.99) 
Total Outflows 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
($8.878.819.31) 
($13,266,846.76) 
(6,137.999.99) 
(12,328.499.99) 
Settled Securities Purchased 
(339,220.24) 
(339,220.24) 
(313,066 58) 
(313,066.58) 
Total Trade Activity 
($339,220.24) 
($339,220.24) 
(313,066.58) 
(313,066.58) 
Ending Cash Balance 
- 
- 
0.01 
• Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis. 
•• Your accounts standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P Morgan 
Account rage 
of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 47 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105053 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251237 
EFTA01449600

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449601.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Detail - Swiss Franc 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Gain/Loss USD 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Local Value 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
818 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY CHF SELL 
(5,000,000.000) 
6.676.819.32 
EUR CONTRACT RATE : 1.227600000 TRADE 5106/13 
6.138.000 00 
VALUE 8108/13 (ID: OCHFPR-AA-4) 
8/14 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY CHF SELL 
(168,156.440) 
168,156.44 
USD EXCHANGE RATE .921588000 DEAL 08/09/13 
154,970.96 
VALUE 06/14/13 (ID: OCHFPR-CV-6) 
8/15 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY CHF SELL 
(171,083.800) 
171,063.80 
USD EXCHANGE RATE .924191000 DEAL 08/12/13 
158095.62 
VALUE 08/15/13 (ID: OCHFPR-AA-4) 
Total Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
$7,016,039.56 
$0.00 
Type 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Descnption 
Quantity 
Local Value 
Gain Loss USD 
Foreign Exchange -Outflows 
FX Fwd Contract 
(6,676.819.31) 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY EUR SELL 
4,904,318.840 
CHF CONTRACT RATE : 1.251 550000 TRADE 5/23/13 
(6,137 999 99) 
VALUE 8108/13 (ID: OCHFPRAA-4) 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 45 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 48 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105054 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251238 
EFTA01449601

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449602.pdf
----------------------------------------
TRADE ACTIVITY - Swiss Franc 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, 1.1.0 ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount USD 
Market 
Cost USD 
Currency 
Gain/Loss USD 
Settle Date 
Type 
Description 
Local Value 
Local Value 
Settled Securities Purchased 
829 
Purchase 
ADECCO SA-REG ISIN CH0012138605 SEDOL 7110720 
2.400.000 
70.065 
(168,156.44) 
8,14 
(ID: H00392-92-0) 
64.378 
(154.970.96) 
afI2 
Purchase 
ADECCO SA-REG ISIN CH0012138605 SEDOL 7110720 
2,500.000 
68.426 
(171,063.80) 
8,19 
(ID: H00392-92-0) 
63.049 
(158,095.62) 
Total Settled Securities Purchased (USD) 
($339,220.24) 
$0.00 
J. P Morgan 
Account W91850003 Page 46 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 49 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105055 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251239 
EFTA01449602

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449603.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW -
For 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Settled Foreign Exchange Contracts 
Trade Date 
Settle Date 
Trade Related 
EURO 
U S DOLLAR 
EURO 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 113 
Aug. 513 
Aug. 5 13 
Aug. 7 13 
POUND STERLING 
Aug.513 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 813 
POUND STERLING 
Aug. 513 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 813 
EURO 
Aug. 913 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 9 13 
POUND STERLING 
Aug. 9 13 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 14 13 
WASS FRANC 
Aug. 9 13 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 14 13 
EURO 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 12 13 
Aug. 14 13 
EURO 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 12 13 
Aug. 14 13 
EURO 
Aug. 12 13 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug 15 13 
POUND STERLING 
Aug. 12 13 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 15 13 
POUND STERLING 
Aug. 12 13 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 15 13 
J. P. Morgan 
Currency 
Amount 
Contract Rate 
Revaluation Rate 
Contracted Base 
Amount USD 
Revalued 
Amount USD 
Currency aL 
Counter Currency 
Counter Amount 
EUR 
154,361.73 
1.327000 
1.327000 
(204,838 02) 
204,838.02 
USD 
(204.838.02) 
EUR 
122,844.18 
1.328300 
1.326300 
(162,928 24) 
162,928.24 
USD 
(162.928.24) 
GBP 
1,126.45 
1.536300 
1.536300 
(1.730.57) 
1,730.57 
USD 
(1.730.57) 
GBP 
114,424.21 
1.536300 
1.536300 
(175,789.91) 
175,789.91 
USD 
(175.789.91) 
EUR 
95,681.36 
1.337500 
1.338550 
(127.973.82) 
128,074.29 
100.47 
USD 
(127.97362) 
GBP 
108325 32 
1.551890 
1.551890 
(168,108 98) 
168.10808 
USD 
(168.108.98) 
CHF 
154,970.98 
0.921588 
0.921588 
(168,156.44) 
168,156.44 
USD 
(168,158.44) 
EUR 
130,101.38 
1.331800 
1.331800 
(173,269.02) 
173,269.02 
USD 
(173.269.02) 
EUR 
123,680.68 
1.331800 
1.331800 
(164,717.93) 
164,717.93 
USD 
(164,717.93) 
EUR 
1,141.294.03 
1.332006 
1.332006 
(1.520.210.50) 
1,520,210.50 
USD 
(1.520.210 50) 
GBP 
107,266.60 
1.548290 
1.548290 
(166,079.80) 
166,079.80 
USD 
(188,079.80) 
GBP 
105,709.48 
1.548290 
1.548290 
(183,888.90) 
163,888.90 
USD 
(163,69190) 
Account 
Page 47 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 50 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105056 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251240 
EFTA01449603

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449604.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
• 
al 
.(z7z 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Currency 
Amount 
Contract Rate 
Revaluation Rate 
Contracted Base 
Amount USD 
Revalued 
Amount USD 
Currency G/L 
Settle Date Counter Currency 
Counter Amount 
Wade Related 
SWISS FRANC 
Aug. 12 13 
CHF 
158,095.62 
0.924191 
0.924191 
(171,063.80) 
171.063.80 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 15 13 
USD 
(171,063.80) 
JAPANESE YEN 
Aug. 27 13 
JPY 
(28.900,000.00) 
97.160000 
97.705001 
297,447.51 
(295,788.34) 
1,859.17 
U 3 DOLLAR 
Aug. 28 13 
USD 
297,447.51 
Speculative 
SWISS FRANC 
May. 6 13 
CHF 
6,138,000.00 
1.227600 
1.224678 
(6,692,749.93) 
6,676,819.32 
(15,930.61) 
EURO 
Aug. 813 
EUR 
(5,000.000.00) 
SWISS FRANC 
May. 23 13 
CHF 
(6,137,999.99) 
1.251550 
1.272930 
6.564.675.64 
(6,676.819.31) 
(112,143.67) 
EURO 
Aug. 813 
EUR 
4,904,318.64 
CANADIAN DOLLAR 
May. 23 13 
CAD 
(7,500,000.00) 
98.710000 
104827638 
7,577,145.49 
(7,134.950.74) 
442,194.75 
JAPANESE YEN 
Aug. 28 13 
JPY 
740,325,000.00 
CANADIAN DOLLAR 
Jun. 1013 
CAD 
2,500,000.00 
96.810000 
0.009942 
(2,477.099.43) 
2,384,131.22 
(92,988.21) 
JAPANESE YEN 
Aug. 2813 
JPY 
(242,025,000.00) 
CANADIAN DOLLAR 
Aug. 23 13 
CAD 
5,000,000.00 
93.880000 
0.010533 
(4,804,257.72) 
4,750,819.52 
(53,438.20) 
JAPANESE YEN 
Aug. 2813 
JPY 
(489.400,000.00) 
J.YMorgan 
Account 
Page 48 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 51 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105057 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251241 
EFTA01449604

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449605.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449605.pdf
----------------------------------------
.I.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
For the Period 
to 
Margin Account 
.I.P. Morgan Team 
Table of Contents 
Page 
Justin Nelson 
Banker 
Account Summary 
Paul Barrett 
Investment Specialist 
Holdings 
Janet Young 
Client Service Team 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Gina Magliocco 
Client Service Team 
Portfolio Activity 
Jason Grosse 
Online access 
Client Service Team 
www.jpmorganonline.com 
Transactions cleared and carried through J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. - Three Chase Metrotech Center. Brooklyn. NY 11245-0001. 
Please see disclosures located at the end of this statement package for important information relating to each J P Morgan account(s) 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Page 1 of 6 
Consolidated Statement Page 52 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105058 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251242 
EFTA01449605

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449606.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
ACCa 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Account Summary 
MARGIN 
Asset Allocation 
Cash 
Market Value 
Margin 
Market Value 
Short 
Market Value 
Total 
Estimated 
Market Value Annual Income 
Current 
Allocation 
Cash & Fixed Income 
0.00 
314,640 75 
0.00 
314,640.75 
100% 
Market Value 
$0.00 
$314,640.75 
$0.00 
$314,640.75 
50.00 
100% 
Portfolio Activity 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Beginning Market Value 
31040.15 
0.00 
Contributions 
350.956.66 
Withdrawals & Fees 
(15,077.71) 
Securities Transferred In 
(21.422 88) 
Net Contributions/Withdrawals 
Change In Investment Value 
$0.00 
$314.456.07 
184.68 
Ending Market Value 
$314.640.75 
$314,640.75 
J. P. M organ 
Account 24275109 Page 2 of 6 
Consolidated Statement Page 53 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105059 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251243 
EFTA01449606

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449607.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, SIC 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8131/13 
Account Summary 
CONTINUED 
Current 
Income Summary 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
ST Realized Gainless 
LT Realized Gainless 
(50.11) 
9.379 63 
Realized Gain/Loss 
$9,329.62 
Cost Summary 
Cost 
Investment Objectives 
Cash 13 Fixed Income 
314.640 75 
Speculation Permitted 
Income Generation 
Yes 
Yes 
Total 
$314,640.75 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 3 of 6 
Consolidated Statement Page 54 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105060 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251244 
EFTA01449607

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449608.pdf
----------------------------------------
( 
ll. .i7,71 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Cash & Fixed Income Summary 
Asset Categories 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Current 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Allocation 
Cash 
314.640.75 
314.640.75 
0.00 
100% 
Market Value/Cost 
Current 
Period Value 
Market Value 
Tax Cost 
314640,75 
314.640 75 
SUMMARY BY MATURITY 
SUMMARY BY TYPE 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Market 
% of Bond 
Market 
% of Bond 
Value 
Portfolio 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Value 
Portfolio 
0-6 months' 
314,640 75 
100% 
Cash 
314,640.75 
100% 
The years indicate the number of years until the bond is scheduled to mature 
based on the statement end date. Some bonds may be called, or paid in full. 
before their stated maturity. 
J. P Morgan 
Account-Page 
of 6 
Consolidated Statement Page 55 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105061 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251245 
EFTA01449608

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449609.pdf
----------------------------------------
a71 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Cash & Fixed Income Detail 
Price 
Quantity
Account 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Est. Annual Income 
Original Cost 
Gain/Loss 
Accrued Interest 
Yield 
Cash 
US DOLLAR 
J. P Morgan 
00 
314,640 75 
314,640 75 
314,640.75 
Margin 
Account
iPage 5 of 6 
Consolidated Statement Page 56 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105062 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251246 
EFTA01449609

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449610.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary 
Transactions 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value• 
Current 
Securities Transferred In/Out 
Period Value 
Year•To-Date 
Value• 
Beginning Cash Balance 
314.640/5 
Securities Transferred In 
(21,422.88) 
INFLOWS 
Contributions 
350,956.86 
Total Inflows 
50.00 
$350,958.88 
OUTFLOWS " 
Withdrawals 
(15,073.28) 
Short Fees Charged 
(4.43) 
Total Outflows 
$0.00 
(815,077.71) 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
Settled Securities Purchased 
(21,238.20) 
Total Trade Activity 
50.00 
(521.238.20) 
Ending Cash Balance 
5314,640.75 
M•i• 
' Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis. 
" Your accounts standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
Portfolio Activity Detail 
No Actrwty This Period 
J. P. M organ 
Account 24275109 Page 6 of 6 
Consolidated Statement Page 57 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105063 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251247 
EFTA01449610

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449611.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to WM3 
For your convenience we have combined statemeM(s) for activity you conduct through J.P. Morgan in one package. Below are important disclosures relating to these different accounts. 
These statements may relate to various account types. Some of the disclosures are applicable to all of your accounts. For ease of reference the disclosures applicable to a particular type 
of account have been grouped together by descriptive headers. 
IMPORTANT GENERAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE TO ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNT(S) 
Important Information about Pricing ,Valuations, Estimated Annual Income, and Estimated Yield 
Market value information (including without limitation. prices. exchange rates, accrued income and bond ratings) furnished herein, some of which has been provided by pricing sources that J.P. Morgan 
believes to be reliable, is not guaranteed for accuracy but provided for informational purposes and is furnished for the exclusive use of the client. 
The current price is the value of the financial asset share, unit or contract as priced at the close of the market on the last day of the statement period or the last available price. All values provided for 
structured yield deposits (for example, JPMorgan London Time Deposits) reflect the original deposit amount only. The value for Real Estate. Mineral Interests and Miscellaneous Assets may not reflect 
the most current value of the asset. 
Important information regarding Auction Rate Securities (ARS). ARS are debt or preferred securities with an interest or dividend rate reset periodically in an auction. Although there may be daily. weeldy 
and monthly resets. there is no guarantee that there will be liquidity. If there are not enough bids at an auction to redeem the securities available for sale, the result may be a failed auction. In the event 
of a failed auction, there is no assurance that a secondary market will develop or that the security will trade at par or any other price reflected on statements and online. Accordingly, investors should not 
rely on pricing information appearing in their statements or online with respect to ARS. When J.P. Morgan is unable to obtain a price from an internal or outside source for a particular ARS. the price 
column on your statement will indicate "unpriced". 
Valuations of over-the-counter derivative transactions, including certain derivatives-related deposit products, have been prepared on a mid-market basis. These valuations are sourced from the various 
issuers of the securities or they are sourced from a third party valuation provider. J.P. Morgan expressly disclaims any responsibility for (1) the accuracy of the models or estimates used in deriving the 
valuations, (2) any errors or omissions in computing or disseminating the valuations, and (3) any uses to which the valuations are put. Valuations are provided for information purposes only and are 
intended solely for your own use. Please refer to the trade confirmation for details of each transaction. 
Certain assets, including but not limited to, pooled and private investments, non-publicly traded and infrequently traded securities, derivatives, partnership interests and tangible assets are generally 
illiquid. the value of such asset may have been provided to us by third parties who may or may not be independent of the issuer or manager. Such information is reflected as of the last date provided to 
us. and is not independently verified. 
In cases where we are unable to obtain a current market value from an internal or outside source for a particular security, the price column on your statement will indicate "unpriceer. Although such 
securities may have value. please note that the value of a security indicated as "unpriced" will not be included in your overall current market value as reflected on the statement. 
J.P. Morgan makes no representation, warranty or guarantee, express or implied, that any quoted value represents the actual terms at which securities could be bought or sold or new transactions could 
be entered into, or the actual terms on which existing transactions or securities could be liquidated. Such values may only be indicative. 
Wien we are unable to obtain a current value from an internal or outside source for a particular security, the price column on your statement will indicate "unpriced". 
If a partial call is made with respect to an issue of securities included in your Accounts we will allocate the call by a method we deem fair and equitable. 
To the extent applicable, please note the following regarding estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated yield (EY): EAI and EY for certain types of securities could include a return of principal or 
capital gains in which case the EAI and EY would be overstated. EAI and EY are estimates and the actual income and yield might be lower or higher than the estimated amounts. EY reflects only the 
income generated by an investment. It does not reflect changes in its price, which may fluctuate. 
Offshore Deposits - London and Nassau 
J. P. M organ 
Disclosures Page 1 of 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105064 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251248 
EFTA01449611

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449612.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Deposits in Foreign Branches are not insured by the FDIC or any other Agency of the Federal Government; amounts in such foreign accounts do not have the benefit of any domestic 
preference applicable to U.S Banks: certain Foreign accounts are considered reportable to the Internal Revenue Service on a Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (TD F 
90.22.1). 
Bank products and services are offered through JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("JPMCB") and its banking affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P.Morgan Securities LLC ("JPMS") and, to the extent 
noted below. cleared through J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. r JPMCC'). 
Neither JPMS, nor JPMCC is a bank and are each separate legal entities from its bank or thrift affiliates. 
Investment Products: Not FDIC Insured 
-No Bank Guarantee 
-May Lose Value 
Fund manager disclosure information available upon request 
If you have an investment account that is managed by an SEC-Registered Investment Advisor, J.P. Morgan will provide a copy of the advisors Form ADV II or brochure upon written request. 
These statements are not official documents for income tax reporting purposes and should not be relied upon for such purposes, including determination of income, cost basis, amortization or accretion, 
or gain:loss. Such information, which may be inaccurate, incomplete or subject to updating, should be confirmed with your records and your tax advisor. 
Please take the steps indicated below if you think statement(s) are incorrect or contact your J.P.Morgan team if you require additional information about a transaction on your 
statement(s). 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE ONLY TO YOUR ASSET ACCOUNT(S) (LINKED TO JPMS) 
Your Asset Account consists of a bank account that custodies assets linked to a brokerage account through which securities transactions are executed. As a result, the Asset Account statement(s) reflect 
brokerage transactions executed through JPMS but (except for exchange listed options) held in custody at JPMCB. Securities purchased or sold through JPMS in U.S. markets (other then mutual 
funds) are cleared through an affiliate of JPMS, in non-U.S. markets securities are cleared through JPMS. Positions in exchange-listed options are held by JPMCC. For your convenience, however, 
positions in exchange-listed options are presented in Asset Account statement(s) together with other assets held in such account(s). All pertinent information about your settled and pending purchases 
and sales effected through your JPMS account during the period covered by these statement(s), is summarized in the "Trade Activity" portion of the statement(s). 
In Case of Other Errors or Questions About Your Asset Account Statement(s) 
Please review your statement(s) and promptly report any inaccuracy or discrepancy including possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, unaccounted cash positions. 
improper payments or transfers In writing to both the introducing broker. JPMS and the clearing firm. JPMCC at the addresses shown on your statement(s). Any oral communication should be 
re-confirmed in writing to further protect your rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act (SIPA). If you have any questions please contact your J.P.Morgan team. 
In your written communication, please provide the following information: (1) your name and account number; (2) the dollar amount of the suspected error: and (3) a description of the error and 
explanation, if you can, why you believe there is an error. If you need more information, you must describe the item you are unsure about. VVe must receive your written communication no later than 30 
days after the statement on which the error or problem appeared is sent or made avaiable. If you do not so notify us. you agree that the statement activity and account balance(s) are correct. 
JPMCC and JPMS are members of the Securities Investor Protection Corp ("SIPC"), a not-for-profit membership corporation funded by broker-dealers registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Securities and cash held for a customer at JPMCC are protected by SIPC up to S500,000 per customer, which includes up to 5250,000 of protection for cash. SIPC does not protect 
against losses from fluctuations in the value of the securities. Assets held In custody by JPMCB are not subject to SIPC. You may obtain Information about SIPC, including the SIPC Brochure, on their 
website. at "wvnv.sipc.org- or by contacting them at (202) 371.8300. 
In Case of Errors or Questions About Your Electronic Transfers. 
J. P. M organ 
Disclosures Page 2 of 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105065 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251249 
EFTA01449612

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449613.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449613.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to S/31/13 
Contact your J.P. Morgan Team at one of the telephone numbers on the front of your statements or write us at J.P. Morgan, 500 Stanton Christiana Road, 1/OPS3, Newark. DE 19713-2107 as soon as 
you can, if you think your statement iswrong or if you need more information about a transfer on the statement. VVe must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on 
which the error or problem appeared. (1) Tell us your name and account number. (2) Describe the error or the transfer you are unsure about, and explain as dearly as you can why you believe it is an 
error or why you need more information. (3) Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error. VVe will investigate your complaint and will correct any error promptly. If we take more than 10 business 
days (or 20 business days for new accounts) to do this. we will credit your account for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have the use of the money during the time it takes us to complete 
our investigation. 
In Case of Errors or Questions About Non-Electronic Transfers (Checks or Deposits) 
Contact JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("JPMCB") Member FDIC immediately if a statement is incorrect or if you need more information about any non-electronic transactions (checks or deposits) on this 
statement. If any such error appears, you must notify the bank in writing as soon as possible after your statement was made available to you. For more complete details, see the applicable account 
agreements and appendices that govern your account. 
Deposit products and services are offered by JPMCB Member FOIC. 
You must promptly advise your J.P.Morgan representative of material changes in your investment objectives or financial situation or if you wish to modify the management of your account. Unless you 
inform otherwise, your J.P.Morgan representative will consider the information currentfy in its files to be complete and accurate. 
Wth reference to JPMS and JPMCC: A financial statement of this organization is available to you for personal inspection at its offices, or a copy win be mailed to you upon written request. 
You should have received (or have made available to you) separate confirmations for each securities transaction. All transactions are subject to the terms and conditions stated on the reverse side of 
such confirmations and are subject to the constitution, by-laws. customs and interpretations of the marketplace where executed and govemed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of New York and all applicable federal laws and regulations. Further information with respect to commissions and other charges related to the execution of transactions. including options transactions, 
has been included in confirmations that were previously furnished or have made available to you. Upon written request, JPMS will promptly supply you with the latest information. 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE ONLY TO YOUR MARGIN ACCOUNT(S) 
All positions in your Margin Account Portfolio(s) are held in custody at J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. ("JPMCC"), Three Chase Metrotech Center. Brooklyn. NY 11245-001. (347) 843-2678. 
If you have a margin account as permitted by law we may use certain securities in such account for, among other things. settling short sales and lending the securities for short sales, and as a result may 
receive compensation in connection therewith. 
Please keep the following in mind when using a statement to track your brokerage activity in a margin account: The statement combines your general margin account with the special memorandum 
account required by Section 220.6 Regulation T. As required by Regulation T, a permanent record of your separate account es available upon your request. 
Free credit balances in your margin account(s) are not segregated and may be used in the operation of JPMCCs business, subject to the limitations of SEC Rule 15c3-3. Unless othehvise noted. JPMCC 
or its agents and depositories will hold your securities. Upon your demand. JPMCC will pay to you the amount of your free credit balance, and will deliver to you fully-paid securities held on your behalf. 
Interest will be charged on any debit balance: the method of calculating interest is described in a letter sent to all margin customers. 
PRODUCT RELATED DISCLOSURE: IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS: FOOTNOTES 1 -4 
Private Equity. Hedge Funds, Exchange Funds. Real Estate and Other Alternative Assets 
1. Direct private equity investments and pooled private investments (e.g., interests in limited partnerships and limited lability companies) are generally illiquid securities. Values are estimates only and 
are not warranted for accuracy or completeness. Values do not represent the actual terms at which transactions or securities could be bought or sold or new transactions could be entered into or the 
actual terms on which existing transactions could be liquidated as of the date of this statement. 
J. P. M organ 
Disclosures Page 3 of 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105066 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251250 
EFTA01449613

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449614.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449614.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fur the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Direct private equity investments are generally valued at cost, unless there is an active secondary trading market in the securities, in which case, direct private equity investments are valued using market 
prices as of the close of the last business day for this statement period. Pooled private equity investments are valued according to the General Partners or Managers stated methodology. Please refer 
to the limited partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement or other operative documentation for each investment for the specific valuation methodology used by the General Partner or 
Manager for that investment or for your Investment Management or Trust account contact your J.P. Morgan team. J.P. Morgan expressly disclaims any responsibility for (1) the accuracy of the 
information and the methodology used by the General Partner or Manager in deriving valuations, (2) any errors or omissions in compiling or disseminating the valuations, and (3) any use to which the 
valuations are put. Valuations are provided for information purposes only and are intended solely for your own use. 
Hedge funds generally calculate the price (the "Net Asset Value" or " NAV), 10-15 business days following the last business day of the month. For that reason, hedge fund NAVs shown will generally be 
the NAV of the month preceding this statement period. In general, the NAV is stated net of management and incentive fees. The NAV is calculated according to the General Partners or Manager's 
stated methodology. Please refer to the limited partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement or other operative documentation for each hedge fund for the specific methodology used by 
the General Partner or Manager for that hedge fund or for your Investment Management or Trust account contact your J.P. Morgan team. J.P. Morgan expressly disclaims any responsibility for (1) the 
accuracy of the information and the methodology used by the General Partner or Manager in deriving valuations. (2) any errors or omissions in compiling or disseminating the valuations, and (3) any use 
to which the valuations are put. Valuations are provided for information purposes only and are intended solely for your own use. 
These statements do not provide tax reporting on private investments. Please continue to rely upon the General Partner or Manager of the investment vehicle for this information or for your Investment 
Management or Trust account contact your J.P. Morgan team. 
2. The 'Capital Called Since Inception USD' and 'Cash/Security distributions Since Inception USD' columns are updated monthly to reflect activity (capital calls and distributions), if any. 
3. Hedge funds generally allow subscriptions on a monthly or quarterly basis. An interest in a hedge fund or hedge fund of funds is generally as of the first business day of the subscription period. Due 
to early funding requirements by the applicable fund, your account may be debited for the subscription amount prior to the subscription date. Please refer to the applicable hedge fund's operative 
documentation for further details or for your Investment Management or Trust account contact your J.P. Morgan team. 
Hedge fund redemptions are generally on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis but can sometimes be subject to a multi-year lockup before a redemption is permitted. For redemptions, there is generally 
a notification period that can be a long interval before the actual redemption date. Redemption proceeds are generally paid 15 calendar days after the final NAV is issued, but can be subject to a 
holdback of a portion of the proceeds until an annual audit of the Fund has been completed. Please refer to the applicable hedge fund's operative documentation for further details or for your Investment 
Management or Trust account contact your J.P. Morgan team. 
Global Access Portfolios share certain charactenstics with hedge funds. In particular, an investor who withdraws from a Global Access Portfolio will not receive the withdrawal proceeds In their entirety 
until 30-60 days after completion of the Portfolio's audit, which may be 18 months or longer after the redemption date. Interest might not be paid on any proceeds pending distribution. These restrictions 
apply even if the investor's account at JPMorgan is closed. The Confidential Private Placement Memorandum and applicable Supplements contain other important information about the Global Access 
Portfolios and are available upon request or for your Investment Management or Trust account contact your J.P. Morgan team. 
4. Alternative assets may include publicly available mutual funds that utilize non-traditional investment management strategies, for example, strategies commonly employed by hedge funds. Mutual 
funds generally calculate the price (the "Net Asset Value" or "NAV') on a daily basis and mutual fund NAVs shown on your statement generally will be the NAV as of the close of the last business day for 
this statement period. Please refer to the applicable mutual fund prospectus for further details. If the applicable mutual fund is a JPMorgan Fund. please refer to disclosures on this statement concerning 
JPMorgan Funds for other important information. 
PRODUCT RELATED DISCLOSURE: THE JPMORGAN FUNDS OR THIRD PARTIES 
Shares of the funds referenced above are not bank deposits and are not guaranteed by any bank, government entity, or the FDIC. Return and share price will fluctuate and redemption value may be 
more or less than original cost. While the money market funds seek to maintain a stable net asset value of $1.00 per share, there is no assurance that they will continue to do so. The estimated annual 
income and dividend yield figures for mutual funds represent the funds most recent income dividend annualized. 
J. P. M organ 
Disclosures Page 4 of 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105067 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251251 
EFTA01449614

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449615.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Prospectuses and other fund information for JPMorgan funds may be obtained by calling your J.P. Morgan team or JPMorgan Distribution Services. Inc. at (BOO) 4430-4111. You also may view and 
order materials online for JPMorgan funds at www.ipmorganfunds.com. 
J.P. Morgan affiliates may receive compensation from the JPMorgan funds for providing investment advisory services to the funds. J.P. Morgan affiliates may also provide administratwe, custodial. 
sales, distribution, shareholder or other services to the JPMorgan Funds or funds established, sponsored, advised, or managed by third parties, and J.P. Morgan affiliates may be compensated for such 
services as allowed by applicable law. The distributor of the JPMorgan Funds is JPMorgan Distribution Services, Inc,. which is an affiliate of JPMCB. 
Assets may be reflected herein even though they may be held by a third party unaffiliated with J.P. Morgan. In such cases, unless J.P. Morgan otherwise agrees, J.P. Morgan has no responsibility for 
the verification, valuation, safekeeping or management of those assets. 
JPMorgan 
Disclosures Page 5 of 5 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105068 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251252 
EFTA01449615

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449616.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105069 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251253 
EFTA01449616

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449617.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER, B3 
ST. THOMAS 00802 
VIRGIN ISLANDS (U.S.) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105070 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251254 
EFTA01449617

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449618.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105071 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251255 
EFTA01449618

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449619.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449619.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Account Summary 
Account 
Number 
Beginning Net 
Market Value 
Ending Net 
Change 
Stan on 
Market Value 
In Value 
Page 
Investment Account(%) 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC 
5,588,083.00 
5,462,545.82 
(125.537.18) 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY. iNC 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Total Value 
$5868,083.00 
66,462,646.62 
($126.637.18) 
This account summary Is provided for informational purposes and includes assets at different entitles. 
(1) Assets held at JPMorgan Chase Bank. N.A., member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"). except for exchange-
listed options, which are held at JPMorgan Clearing Corporation ("JPMCC"). The Asset Account Statement reflects brokerage 
transactions executed through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC CJPMS"). see "Portfolio Activity Detair. Equity securities. fixed income 
securities, and listed options transactions are generally cleared through JPMCC, a wholly owned subsidiary of JPMS. Please see 
'Additional Information About Your Accounts- at the end of the Asset Account Statement. 
(2) Assets held in Margin Account at JPMCC, member Financial Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") and Securities Insurance Protection 
Corporation ("SIPC"). The Margin Account Statement reflects brokerage transactions executed by JPMS. see 'Portfolio Activity 
Detail". Such transactions are cleared and carried through JPMCC. 
Please see disclosures located at the end of this statement package for important information relating to each J.P.Morgan acoount(s). 
0004)912.285Y50./5 00021 SOCITHAF 201309P1 
J. P Morgan 
Client News 
A discrepancy was discovered in the display of certain 
pending transactions in the May month end statement. 
All trades and positions have been recorded correctly in 
your account, and this discrepancy does not impact any 
holdings or market value(s) in your account(s) If you 
would hke an updated statement for May. please reach 
out to your J.P. Morgan team. 
Consolidated Statement Page 1 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251256 
DB-SDNY-0 105072 
EFTA01449619

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449620.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449620.pdf
----------------------------------------
THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105073 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251257 
EFTA01449620

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449621.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Consolidated Summary 
INVESTMENT ACCOUNTS 
Asset Allocation 
Equity 
1.489.980.00 
1,533.870 00 
43)390.00 
120.840.00 
28% 
Cash & Fixed Income 
025 791.10 
872 477.00 
153 314.10 
170 057.46 
72% 
Market Value 
$6.616,771.10 
$6.406.347.00 
($109.424.10) 
$290,897.46 
100% 
Accruals 
72611,90 
56.198.82 
(16.113.08) 
Equity 
Market Value with Accruals 
$5,588,083.00 
$5,462,645.82 
($126,637.18) 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Estimated 
Current 
Asset Allocation 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Annual Income Allocation 
Portfolio Activity 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Beginning Market Value 
5,515,771.10 
0.00 
Net ContributonsWthdrawa Is 
6,000.000 00 
Income & Distributions 
30,285.90 
55,373.53 
Change in Investment Value 
(139710.00) 
(649,026 53) 
Ending Market Value 
55,406,347.00 
$6.406.347.00 
Accruals 
56.198 82 
56.198 82 
Market Value with Accruals 
55,462,545.82 
55,452,545.82 
Cash& 
PAW I/MOM* 
This Consolidated Summary shows all of your investments at J.P. Morgan other than investments we hold in trust for you. These investments may be held in custody or investment 
management account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the "BanK) or in a brokerage or margin account at J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp, ('JPMCC"). Brokerage and margin accounts are 
non-discretionary and all investment decisions are made by the client. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC CJPMS") does not provide advice on asset allocation or investment management 
services, nor do its personnel take discretion over any client accounts. Such advice and services are provided exclusively by the Bank. 
Consolidated Statement Page 2 
J. P Morgan 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105074 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251258 
EFTA01449621

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449622.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449622.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Consolidated Summary 
CONTINUED 
INVESTMENT ACCOUNT(S) YEAR-TO-DATE 
Portfolio Activity 
Account 
Beginning 
Number 
Market Value 
Net Contnbutionsi 
Withdrawals 
Income & 
Change in 
Ending Market Value 
Distributions 
Investment Value 
with Accruals 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY. INC 
0.00 
6,000,000.00 
55,373.53 
(649,026.53) 
5,462,545.82 
Income Summary 
Account 
Other Income 
Realized Gairaoss 
Unrealized 
Number 
Income 
Income 
& Receipts 
Short-term 
Long-term 
Gaintossl
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC 
55,373.53 
(5,716 53) 
(643,310.00) 
'Unrealized Gain Loss represents data from the time of account inception to the current statement period. 
Consolidated Statement Page 3 
J. P Morgan 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105075 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251259 
EFTA01449622

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449623.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449623.pdf
----------------------------------------
3PMorgan Chew Bank, N.A. 
270 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10017-21)14 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC ACCT. W89640002 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31113 
Asset Account 
J.P. Morgan Team 
Tahk of Contents 
Page 
Justin Nelson 
Banker 
203'629-3124 
Account Summary 
Paul Barrett 
Investment Specialist 
212622-2770 
Holdings 
Janet Young 
Client Service Team 
800:634-1318 
Equity 
Gina Magliocco 
Client Service Team 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Jason Grosse 
Online access 
Client Service Team 
wwwipmorganonline.com 
Portfolio Activity 
Please see disclosures located at the end of this statement package for important information relating to each J.P.Morgan aeoount(s). 
J. P Morgan 
Account W89640002 Page 1 of 9 
Consolidated Statement Page 4 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105076 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251260 
EFTA01449623

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449624.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC ACCT.
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Account Summary 
Asset Allocation 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Estimated 
Current 
Asset Allocation 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Annual Income Allocation 
Equity 
1.489.980.00 
1,533.870.00 
43.890.00 
120,840.00 
28% 
Cash & Fixed Income 
4.025791.10 
3,872.477.00 
(153.314.10) 
170.057.46 
72% 
Market Value 
$5,515,771.10 
$5,406,347.00 
(9109,424.10) 
5290,897.46 
100% 
Accruals 
72,311.90 
56.198.82 
(16.113 08) 
Market Value with Accruals 
65,688,093.00 
$5,462,645.82 
(5126,637.18) 
Portfolio Activity 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Beginning Market Value 
5,616,771.10 
0.00 
Contributions 
6,200.000.00 
Withdrawals 8 Fees 
(200.000.00) 
Net ContributIonsNVIthdrawals 
90.00 
$6,000,000.00 
Income 8 Distributions 
30,285.90 
55,373.53 
Change In Investment Value 
(139,710.00) 
(649.026.53) 
Ending Market Value 
55,406,347.00 
55,406,347.00 
Accruals 
56.198.82 
56.198.82 
Market Value with Accruals 
55,462,646.82 
55,462,646.92 
J. P Morgan 
Equity 
Cash 
RAW Income 
Account 
Page 2 of 9 
Consolidated Statement Page 5 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105077 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251261 
EFTA01449624

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449625.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449625.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Account Summary 
CONTINUED 
Income Summary 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Domestic DiyidendstlistribtAions 
30,281.25 
30,281.25 
ST Realized Gaintoss 
(5.716 53) 
Interest Income 
4.65 
85.064.51 
Realized Gain/Loss 
($6,716.63) 
Accrued Interest Current Year 
(59.972 23) 
Income 
$30.286.90 
$56.373.53 
To-Date Value 
Unrealized Gain/Loss 
(S643.310.00) 
Cost Summary 
Cost 
Equity 
1,489,980.00 
Cash 8 Fixed Income 
4,559,677.00 
Total 
$6.049.667.00 
J. P Morgan 
Accoun 
Page 3 of 9 
Consolidated Statement Page 6 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105078 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251262 
EFTA01449625

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449626.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC ACCT. 
For the Period 811/13 to
Equity Summary 
Asset Categories 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Current 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Allocation 
Preferred Stocks 
1,489.980.00 
1,533,870.00 
43,890.00 
28% 
Market Value/Cost 
Current 
Period Value 
Market Value 
1,533,870.00 
Cost 
1,489,980.00 
Unrealized Gain,' Loss 
43,890.00 
Estimated Annual Income 
120,840.00 
Yield 
7.87% 
Equity Detail 
Price 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Est. Annual Inc. 
Quantity 
Value 
0rigiral
ost 
Gaintoss 
Accrued Div. 
Yield 
Preferred Stocks 
ALLY FINANCIAL INC 
26.91 
57,000.000 
1.533.870.00 
1.489.980 00 
43.890 00 
120,840 00 
88% 
1/2% PFD 
02005N-30-8 ALLYPB NA /CAA 
J. P. Morgan 
Account 
Page 4 of 9 
Consolidated Statement Page 7 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105079 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251263 
EFTA01449626

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449627.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449627.pdf
----------------------------------------
INC 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC ACC 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Cash & Fixed Income Summary 
Asset Categories 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Current 
Asset Categories 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Allocation 
Cash 
544.391.10 
574,677.00 
30,285.90 
11% 
Non-US Fixed Income 
1,848.800.00 
1,799,800.00 
(49,000.00) 
33% 
Complementary Structured Strategies 
1,632,600 00 
1.498O00 00 
(134,600.00) 
28% 
Total Value 
$4,025,791.10 
$3,872,477.00 
($153,314.10) 
72% 
Market Value/Cost 
Current 
Period Value 
Market Value 
3,872,477.00 
Cost 
4,559,677.00 
Unrealized Gain/Loss 
(687,200.00) 
Estimated Annual Income 
170.057 46 
Accrued Interest 
56.198 82 
Yield 
38% 
SUMMARY BY MATURITY 
SUMMARY BY TYPE 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Market 
% of Bond 
Value 
Portfolio 
Non. US Fixed tricorn° 
Cacti 
Complementary Structured 
Strategies 
Cash 8 Fixed Income as a percentage of your portfolio - 72 % 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Market 
Value 
% of Bond 
Portfolio 
0-6 months' 
574,677 00 
14% 
Cash 
574.677 00 
14% 
6-12 months' 
1,498.000 00 
38% 
International Bonds 
1.799,800 00 
48% 
1-5 years' 
1,799.800 00 
48% 
Complementary Structure 
1.498,000 00 
38% 
Total Value 
$3,872,477.00 
100% 
Total Value 
$3,872,477.00 
100% 
The years indicate the number of years until the bond is scheduled to mature 
based on the statement end date. Some bonds may be called, or paid in full. 
before their stated maturity. 
J. P. M organ 
Account W89640002 Page 5 of 9 
Consolidated Statement Page 8 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105080 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251264 
EFTA01449627

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449628.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTH ERN TRUST COMPANY, INC 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Note 
' This is the Annual Percentage Yield (APY) which is the rate earned if balances remain on deposit for a full year with compounding, there is no change in the interest rate and all interest 
is left in the account 
Cash & Fixed Income Detail 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Gaintoss 
Est. Annual Income 
Yield 
Original Cost 
Accrued Interest 
Cask 
US DOLLAR 
1.00 
574.677 00 
574677.00 
574,677.00 
57.46 
0.01 %'
4.82 
Non-US Fixed Income 
PETROLEOS DE VENEZUELA S 
89.99 
2.000.000 00 
1,799.800 00 
1,985,000.00 
(185,200.00) 
170,000.00 
11.58% 
81/2% NOV022017 
56,194 00 
DTD 10/29/2010 
HELD BY EUROCLEAR 
ISIN 
SEDOL 
Complementary Structured Strategies 
HSBC BRL STEP UP NOTE 3/27114 
73.67 
1,000,000.00 
736.700 00 
1000.000 CO 
(263.300 00) 
LNKD TO BRL VS USD 
85%BARRIER- 5%CPN-28.5% MXRTRN 
3/13/13: INITIAL STRIKE: 1.9619 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Page 6 of 9 
Consolidated Statement Page 9 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105081 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251265 
EFTA01449628

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449629.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8131/13 
Price 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Est. Annual Income 
Quantity 
Value 
Original Cost 
Gairt'Loss 
Accrued Interest 
Yield 
Complementary Structured Strategies 
HUM BRL STEP UP NOTE 4/21/14 
LNKD TO BRL VS USD 
85%BARRIER- 5%CPN-28.5% MXRTRN 
4/5113 INITIAL STRIKE: 2.0035 
40432X-ES-6 
76.13 
1,000,000.00 
761.300 00 
1.000.000.00 
(238.700.00) 
Total Complementary Structured Strategies 
J. P Morgan 
$1,498,000.00 
$2,000,000.00 
($502,000.00) 
$0.00 
0.00% 
Account 
Page 7 of 9 
Consolidated Statement Page 10 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105082 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251266 
EFTA01449629

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449630.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary 
Transactions 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
544.391.10 
30.285.90 
ammo 
55,373.53 
Contributions 
6.200030.00 
Total Inflows 
OUTFLOWS" 
VVitredrawars 
$30,285.90 
56.255373.53 
(200.000 00) 
Total Outflows 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
Settled Sales MaturitiesRedemptions 
Settled Securities Purchased 
$0.00 
($200,000.00) 
2,646.368 :7 
(8,127.065 09) 
Total Trade Activity 
$0.00 
($6.480.696.53) 
Ending Cash Balance 
$574,677.00 
' Year to date Information is calculated on a calendar year basis. 
" Your accounts standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P. M organ 
Accou 
age 8 of 9 
Consolidated Statement Page 11 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105083 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251267 
EFTA01449630

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449631.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 
Portfolio Activity Detail 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Description 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Cost 
Amount 
Amount 
Income 
WI 
Interest Income 
DEPOSIT SWEEP INTEREST FOR 07/01/13 - 07/31/13 
© 01% RATE ON AVG COLLECTED BALANCE OF 
$544,391.10 AS OF 08/01/13 
Div Domest 
ALLY FINANCIAL INC 81/2% PFD 
0.53125 PER 
SHARE (ID: 02005N-30-8) 
57,000.000 
465 
0.531 
30.281.25 
Total Income 
J. P. M organ 
$30,285.90 
Account 
Page 9 of 9 
Consolidated Statement Page 12 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105084 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251268 
EFTA01449631

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449632.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449632.pdf
----------------------------------------
THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105085 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251269 
EFTA01449632

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449633.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC 
AC' 
For the Period 811/13 to S/31/13 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179 
Margin Account 
J.P. Morgan Team 
Justin Nelson 
Banker 
Paul Barrett 
Investment Specialist 
Janet Young 
Client Service Team 
Gina Magliocco 
Client Service Team 
Jason Grosse 
Client Service Team 
Online access 
wwwipmorganonlIne.com 
'red 
and carried through J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. - Three Chase Metrotech Center, Brooklyn, NY 11245-0001, 
No market value or activity to report during this period 
Please see disclosures located at the end of this statement package for important information relating to each J.P.Morgan acoount(s). 
J. P Morgan 
Accoun 
Page 1 of 1 
Consolidated Statement Page 13 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105086 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251270 
EFTA01449633

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449634.pdf
----------------------------------------
THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105087 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251271 
EFTA01449634

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449635.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to WM3 
For your convenience we have combined statemeM(s) for activity you conduct through J.P. Morgan in one package. Below are important disclosures relating to these different accounts. 
These statements may relate to various account types. Some of the disclosures are applicable to all of your accounts. For ease of reference the disclosures applicable to a particular type 
of account have been grouped together by descriptive headers. 
IMPORTANT GENERAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE TO ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNT(S) 
Important Information about Pricing ,Valuations, Estimated Annual Income, and Estimated Yield 
Market value information (including without limitation. prices. exchange rates, accrued income and bond ratings) furnished herein, some of which has been provided by pricing sources that J.P. Morgan 
believes to be reliable, is not guaranteed for accuracy but provided for informational purposes and is furnished for the exclusive use of the client. 
The current price is the value of the financial asset share, unit or contract as priced at the close of the market on the last day of the statement period or the last available price. All values provided for 
structured yield deposits (for example, JPMorgan London Time Deposits) reflect the original deposit amount only. The value for Real Estate. Mineral Interests and Miscellaneous Assets may not reflect 
the most current value of the asset. 
Important information regarding Auction Rate Securities (ARS). ARS are debt or preferred securities with an interest or dividend rate reset periodically in an auction. Although there may be daily. weeldy 
and monthly resets. there is no guarantee that there will be liquidity. If there are not enough bids at an auction to redeem the securities available for sale, the result may be a failed auction. In the event 
of a failed auction, there is no assurance that a secondary market will develop or that the security will trade at par or any other price reflected on statements and online. Accordingly, investors should not 
rely on pricing information appearing in their statements or online with respect to ARS. When J.P. Morgan is unable to obtain a price from an internal or outside source for a particular ARS. the price 
column on your statement will indicate "unpriced". 
Valuations of over-the-counter derivative transactions, including certain derivatives-related deposit products, have been prepared on a mid-market basis. These valuations are sourced from the various 
issuers of the securities or they are sourced from a third party valuation provider. J.P. Morgan expressly disclaims any responsibility for (1) the accuracy of the models or estimates used in deriving the 
valuations, (2) any errors or omissions in computing or disseminating the valuations, and (3) any uses to which the valuations are put. Valuations are provided for information purposes only and are 
intended solely for your own use. Please refer to the trade confirmation for details of each transaction. 
Certain assets, including but not limited to, pooled and private investments, non-publicly traded and infrequently traded securities, derivatives, partnership interests and tangible assets are generally 
illiquid. the value of such asset may have been provided to us by third parties who may or may not be independent of the issuer or manager. Such information is reflected as of the last date provided to 
us. and is not independently verified. 
In cases where we are unable to obtain a current market value from an internal or outside source for a particular security, the price column on your statement will indicate "unpriceer. Although such 
securities may have value. please note that the value of a security indicated as "unpriced" will not be included in your overall current market value as reflected on the statement. 
J.P. Morgan makes no representation, warranty or guarantee, express or implied, that any quoted value represents the actual terms at which securities could be bought or sold or new transactions could 
be entered into, or the actual terms on which existing transactions or securities could be liquidated. Such values may only be indicative. 
Wien we are unable to obtain a current value from an internal or outside source for a particular security, the price column on your statement will indicate "unpriced". 
If a partial call is made with respect to an issue of securities included in your Accounts we will allocate the call by a method we deem fair and equitable. 
To the extent applicable, please note the following regarding estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated yield (EY): EAI and EY for certain types of securities could include a return of principal or 
capital gains in which case the EAI and EY would be overstated. EAI and EY are estimates and the actual income and yield might be lower or higher than the estimated amounts. EY reflects only the 
income generated by an investment. It does not reflect changes in its price, which may fluctuate. 
Offshore Deposits - London and Nassau 
J. P. M organ 
Disclosures Page 1 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105088 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251272 
EFTA01449635

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449636.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449636.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 'be- (Asa 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Contact your J.P. Morgan Team at one of the telephone numbers on the front of your statements or write us at J.P. Morgan, 500 Stanton Christiana Road, 1/OPS3, Newark. DE 19713-2107 as soon as 
you can, if you think your statement iswrong or if you need more information about a transfer on the statement. VVe must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on 
which the error or problem appeared. (1) Tell us your name and account number. (2) Describe the error or the transfer you are unsure about, and explain as dearly as you can why you believe it is an 
error or why you need more information. (3) Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error. We will investigate your complaint and will correct any error promptly. If we take more than 10 business 
days (or 20 business days for new accounts) to do this. we will credit your account for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have the use of the money during the time it takes us to complete 
our investigation. 
In Case of Errors or Questions About Non-Electronic Transfers (Checks or Deposits) 
Contact JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("JPMCB") Member FDIC immediately if a statement is incorrect or if you need more information about any non-electronic transactions (checks or deposits) on this 
statement. If any such error appears, you must notify the bank in writing as soon as possible after your statement was made available to you. For more complete details, see the applicable account 
agreements and appendices that govern your account. 
Deposit products and services are offered by JPMCB Member FOIC. 
You must promptly advise your J.P.Morgan representative of material changes in your investment objectives or financial situation or if you wish to modify the management of your account. Unless you 
inform otherwise, your J.P.Morgan representative will consider the information currentty in its files to be complete and accurate. 
Wth reference to JPMS and JPMCC: A financial statement of this organization is available to you for personal inspection at its offices, or a copy win be mailed to you upon written request. 
You should have received (or have made available to you) separate confirmations for each securities transaction. All transactions are subject to the terms and conditions stated on the reverse side of 
such confirmations and are subject to the constitution, by-laws. customs and interpretations of the marketplace where executed and govemed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of New York and all applicable federal laws and regulations. Further information with respect to commissions and other charges related to the execution of transactions. including options transactions, 
has been included in confirmations that were previously furnished or have made available to you. Upon written request, JPMS will promptly supply you with the latest information. 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE ONLY TO YOUR MARGIN ACCOUNT(S) 
All positions in your Margin Account Portfolio(s) are held in custody at J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. ("JPMCC"), Three Chase Metrotech Center. Brooklyn. NY 11245-001. (347) 643-2678. 
If you have a margin account as permitted by law we may use certain securities in such account for, among other things. settling short sales and lending the securities for short sales, and as a result may 
receive compensation in connection therewith. 
Please keep the following in mind when using a statement to track your brokerage activity in a margin account: The statement combines your general margin account with the special memorandum 
account required by Section 220.6 Regulation T. As required by Regulation T, a permanent record of your separate account is available upon your request. 
Free credit balances in your margin account(s) are not segregated and may be used in the operation of JPMCCs business, subject to the limitations of SEC Rule 15c3-3. Unless othenvise noted. JPMCC 
or its agents and depositories will hold your securities. Upon your demand. JPMCC will pay to you the amount of your free credit balance, and will deliver to you fully-paid securities held on your behalf. 
Interest will be charged on any debit balance; the method of calculating interest is described in a letter sent to all margin customers. 
J. P. M organ 
Disclosures Page 3 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105090 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251274 
EFTA01449636

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449637.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449637.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105091 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251275 
EFTA01449637

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449638.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449638.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEEPERS INC 
6100 RED HOOK OTRS STE B3 
ST THOMAS VI 00802-1348 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105092 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251276 
EFTA01449638

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449639.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105093 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251277 
EFTA01449639

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449640.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449640.pdf
----------------------------------------
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
270 Park Avenue, Ness York, NY 10017-2014 
JEEPERS, INC. 
ACCT, 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Asset Account 
J.P. Morgan Team 
Table of Contents 
Page 
Justin Nelson 
Banker 
Account Summary 
Paul Barrett 
Investment Specialist 
Holdings 
Janet Young 
Client Service Team 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Gina Magliocco 
Client Service Team 
Portfolio Activity 
Jason Grosse 
Online access 
Client Service Team 
www.jpmorganonline.com 
Please see disclosures located at the end of this statement package for important information relating to each J.P.Morgan account(s). 
J.P.Morgan 
000000628E 150/500001 JEEPEO0 20130904 
Page 1 of 7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105094 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251278 
EFTA01449640

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449641.pdf
----------------------------------------
REPERS, INC. 
ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Account Summary 
Asset Allocation 
Beginning 
Market Value 
Ending 
Market Value 
Change 
In Value 
Estimated 
Annual Income 
Current 
Allocation 
Cash & Fixed Income 
26044.955.34 
26.545.925.76 
(1499.02958) 
72.989.22 
100% 
Market Value 
Accruals 
$28,044,966.34 
5.537 64 
$26,645,926.76 
5.537.98 
($1,499,029.68) 
0.34 
S72,989.22 
100% 
Market Value with Accruals 
S28,050,492.98 
S26,661,463.74 
($1,499,029.24) 
Portfolio Activity 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Beginning Market Value 
28,044,966.34 
6,641,292.28 
Contnbutions 
35,977,107.43 
Withdrawals & Fees 
(1.500,000.00) 
(15,003.000 00) 
Net Contributions/Withdrawals 
(S1,600,000.00) 
S20,977,107.43 
Income 8 Distributions 
5.537.64 
33.623.83 
Change In Investment
(6.097.78) 
Ending Market Value 
126.646.926.76 
126,646,926.76 
Accruals 
5.53708 
5.537.98 
Market Value with Accruals 
826,661,463.74 
826,661,463.74 
J.P.Morgan 
Page 2 of 7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105095 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251279 
EFTA01449641

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449642.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449642.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEEPERS, INC. 
ACCT.
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Account Summary 
CONTINUED 
Tax Summary 
Current 
Year-to-Date 
Period Value 
Value 
Domestic DrvidendsrDistributions 
5,309.94 
33,069.62 
Interest Income 
227.70 
554.21 
Taxable Income 
55537.64 
$33.623.83 
Cost Summary 
Cost 
Cash & Fixed Income 
26,552,023.54 
Total 
526,552,023.64 
J.P.Morgan 
To-Date Value 
Unrealized Gain/Loss 
(56,097.78) 
Page 3 of 7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105096 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251280 
EFTA01449642

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449643.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449643.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEEPERS, INC. 
ACC 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Cash & Fixed Income Summary 
Asset Categories 
Beginning 
Market Value 
Ending 
Market Value 
Change 
In Value 
Current 
Allocation 
Asset Categories 
Cash 
26,518,726.22 
25,018,953.92 
(1,499,772.30) 
94% 
6% 
US Fixed Income 
1,526,229.12 
1,526,971.84 
742.72 
Tots Value 
$28,044,955.34 
$213,545,925.78 
($1,499,029.58) 
100% 
US Fixed Income 
Current 
Market Value/Cost 
Period Value 
Market Value 
26,545,925.76 
• 
Tax Cost 
26,552,023.54 
Unrealized Gaintoss 
Estimated Annual Income 
(6,097.78) 
72,989.22 
Cash 
Accrued Interest 
5,537.98 
Yield 
0.27% 
Cash & Fixed Income as a percentage of your portfolio - 100% 
SUMMARY BY MATURITY 
SUMMARY BY TYPE 
Market 
% of Bond 
Cash & Fi‘cti Income 
Value 
Portfolio 
Cash & I
Market 
Income 
Value 
% of Bond 
Portfolio 
0-6 months' 
26,545,925.76 
100% 
Cash 
25,018,953.92 
95% 
Mutual Funds 
1,526,971.84 
5% 
$ The years indicate the number of years until the bond is scheduled to mature 
Total Value 
$26,545,925.76 
100% 
based on the statement end date. Some bonds may be called, or paid in lull, 
before their stated maturity. 
J.P.Morgan 
Page 4 of 7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105097 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251281 
EFTA01449643

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449644.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449644.pdf
----------------------------------------
REFERS, INC. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Note- 
' This is the Annual Percentage Yield (APY) which is the rate earned if balances remain on deposit for a full year with compounding, there is no change in the interest rate and all interest 
is left in the account. 
Cash & Fixed Income Detail 
Adjusted Tax Cost 
Unrealized 
Est. Annual Income 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Original Cost 
GainiLoss 
Accrued Interest 
Yield 
Cash 
US DOLLAR 
US Fixed Income 
1.00 
25.018.953.92 
25.018953.92 
25.018,953.92 
501 89 
01% ' 
209 56 
JPM TR I FLOAT RATE INC FD 
FUND 
10.03 
152,240.46 
1.526,971.84 
1,533,06962 
(6 097 78) 
70,487 33 
4.62% 
5.328 42 
J.P.Morgan 
Page 5 of 7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105098 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251282 
EFTA01449644

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449645.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449645.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEEPERS, INC. 
ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary 
"I. ra n sact ions 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
26.618,726.22 
8537 64 
33,623 83 
35,977,107.43 
Income 
Contnbutions 
Total Inflows 
OUTFLOWS " 
Withdrawals 
$5,537.64 
(1.500.000.00) 
$36,010,731.26 
(15,000,000.00) 
Total Outflows 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
(51.600.000.00) 
(516,000,000.00) 
Settled Securities Purchased 
(5,309.941 
(1.533,069.62) 
Total Trade Activity 
($5,309.94) 
(S1433,069.62) 
Ending Cash Balance 
$25,018,953.92 
• Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis. 
• Your account's standing instructions use a FIRST IN, FIRST OUT method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J.P.Morgan 
Page 6 of 7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105099 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251283 
EFTA01449645

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449646.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449646.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEEPERS, INC. 
ACCT 
For the Period 8/1113 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Detail 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount 
Amount 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Income 
8/1 
interest Income 
DEPOSIT SWEEP INTEREST FOR 07 01 13 - 07 31 13 
© 01% RATE ON AVG COLLECTED BALANCE OF 
$27,196,145.57 AS OF 08/01/13 
227.70 
8/1 
Div Domes! 
JPM TR I FLOAT RATE INC FD FUND 2808 @ 0.035 
PER SHARE (ID: 48121L-51-0) 
151,712.838 
0.035 
5,309.94 
Total Income 
$6,837.84 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount 
Settle Date 
an Method 
Cost 
Withdrawals 
8/1 
Misc Disbursement 
INTERNAL TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
(1.500,000.00) 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
Trade Date 
Per Unit 
ne taTI5tri 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount 
Market Cost 
Settled Securities Purchased 
8/1 
Purchase 
JPM TR I FLOAT RATE INC FD FUND 2808 REINVESTED 
527.827 
10.08 
(5,309.94) 
8/1 
010.08 PER SHARE (ID: 48121L-51-0) 
J.P.Morgan 
Page 7 of 7 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105100 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251284 
EFTA01449646

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449647.pdf
----------------------------------------
THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105101 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251285 
EFTA01449647

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449648.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449648.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
For your convenience we have combined statement(s) for activity you conduct through J.P. Morgan in one package. Below are important disclosures relating to these different accounts. 
These statements may relate to various account types. Some of the disclosures are applicable to all of your accounts. For ease of reference the disclosures applicable to a particular type 
of account have been grouped together by descriptive headers. 
IMPORTANT GENERAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE TO ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNT(S) 
Important Information about Pricing ,Valuations, Estimated Annual Income, and Estimated Yield 
Market value information (including without limitation, prices. exchange rates, accrued income and bond ratings) furnished herein, some of which has been provided by pricing sources that J.P. Morgan 
believes to be reliable, is not guaranteed for accuracy but provided for informational purposes and is furnished for the exclusive use of the client. 
The current price is the value of the financial asset share, unit or contract as priced at the close of the market on the last day of the statement period or the last available price. All values provided for 
structured yield deposits (for example, JPMorgan London Time Deposits) reflect the original deposit amount only. The value for Real Estate. Mineral Interests and Miscellaneous Assets may not reflect 
the most current value of the asset. 
Important information regarding Auction Rate Securities (ARS). ARS are debt or preferred securities with an interest or dividend rate reset periodically in an auction. Although there may be daily, weekly 
and monthly resets, there is no guarantee that there will be liquidity. If there are not enough bids at an auction to redeem the securities available for sale, the result may be a failed auction. In the event 
of a failed auction, there is no assurance that a secondary market will develop or that the security will trade at par or any other price reflected on statements and online. Accordingly, investors should not 
rely on pricing information appearing in their statements or online with respect to ARS. %Mien J.P. Morgan is unable to obtain a price from an internal or outside source for a particular ARS, the price 
column on your statement will indicate "unpriced". 
Valuations of over-the-counter derivative transactions, including certain derivatives-related deposit products, have been prepared on a mid-market basis. These valuations are sourced from the various 
issuers of the securities or they are sourced from a third party valuation provider. J.P. Morgan expressly disclaims any responsibility for (1) the accuracy of the models or estimates used in deriving the 
valuations. (2) any errors or omissions in computing or disseminating the valuations, and (3) any uses to which the valuations are put. Valuations are provided for information purposes only and are 
intended solely for your own use. Please refer to the trade confirmation for details of each transaction. 
Certain assets. including but not limited to, pooled and private investments. non-publicly traded and infrequently traded securities, derivatives. partnership interests and tangible assets are generally 
illiquid. the value of such asset may have been provided to us by third parties who may or may not be independent of the issuer or manager. Such information is reflected as of the last date provided to 
us, and is not independently verified. 
In cases where we are unable to obtain a current market value from an internal or outside source for a particular security, the price column on your statement will indicate "unpriced". Although such 
secunties may have value, please note that the value of a security indicated as "unpriced" will not be included in your overall current market value as reflected on the statement. 
J.P. Morgan makes no representation, warranty or guarantee, express or implied, that any quoted value represents the actual terms at which securities could be bought or sold or new transactions could 
be entered into, or the actual terms on which existing transactions or securities could be liquidated. Such values may only be indicative. 
When we are unable to obtain a current value from an internal or outside source for a particular security, the price column on your statement will indicate "unpriced". 
If a partial call is made with respect to an issue of securities included in your Accounts we will allocate the call by a method we deem fair and equitable. 
To the extent applicable, please note the following regarding estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated yield (EY): EAI and EY for certain types of securities could include a return of principal or 
capital gains in which case the EAI and EY would be overstated. EAI and EY are estimates and the actual income and yield might be lower or higher than the estimated amounts. EY reflects only the 
income generated by an investment. It does not reflect changes in its price, which may fluctuate. 
Offshore Deposits - London and Nassau 
IP Morgan 
Disclosures Page 1 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105102 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251286 
EFTA01449648

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449649.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/I/13 to 8/31/13 
Deposits in Foreign Branches are not insured by the FDIC or any other Agency of the Federal Government: amounts in such foreign accounts do not have the benefit of any domestic 
preference applicable to U.S Banks; certain Foreign accounts are considered reportable to the Internal Revenue Service on a Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (TD F 
90.22.1). 
Bank products and services are offered through JPMorgan Chase Bank. N.A. (JPMCB-) and its banking affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P.Morgan Securities LLC (-JPMS') and, to the extent 
noted below, cleared through J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. (-JPMCC"). 
Neither JPMS. nor JPMCC is a bank and are each separate legal entities from its bank or thrift affiliates.
Investment Products: Not FDIC Insured 
-No Bank Guarantee 
-May Lose Value 
Fund manager disclosure information available upon request 
If you have an investment account that is managed by an SEC-Registered Investment Advisor, J.P. Morgan will provide a copy of the advisor's Form ADV II or brochure upon written request.
These statements are not official documents for income tax reporting purposes and should not be relied upon for such purposes, including determination of income, cost basis. amortization or accretion. 
or gain Toss. Such information, which may be inaccurate, incomplete or subject to updating. should be confirmed with your records and your tax advisor. 
Please take the steps indicated below if you think statement(s) are incorrect or contact your J.P.Morgan team if you require additional information about a transaction on your 
statement(s). 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE ONLY TO YOUR ASSET ACCOUNT(S) (LINKED TO JPMS) 
Your Asset Account consists of a bank account that custodies assets linked to a brokerage account through which securities transactions are executed. As a result, the Asset Account statement(s) reflect 
brokerage transactions executed through JPMS but (except for exchange listed options) held In custody at JPMCB. Securities purchased or sold through JPMS in U.S. markets (other then mutual 
funds) are cleared through an affiliate of JPMS. in non-U.S. markets securities are cleared through JPMS. Positions in exchange-listed options are held by JPMCC. For your convenience, however. 
positions in exchange-listed options are presented in Asset Account statement(s) together with other assets held in such account(s). All pertinent information about your settled and pending purchases 
and sales effected through your JPMS account during the period covered by these statement(s), is summarized in the 'Trade Activity" portion of the statement(s). 
In Case of Other Errors or Questions About Your Asset Account Statement(s) 
Please review your statement(s) and promptly report any inaccuracy or discrepancy including possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, unaccounted cash positions, 
improper payments or transfers in writing to both the introducing broker, JPMS and the clearing firm. JPMCC at the addresses shown on your statement(s). Any oral communication should be 
re-confirmed In writing to further protect your rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act (SIPA). If you have any questions please contact your J.P.Morgan team. 
In your written communication, please provide the following information: (1) your name and account number; (2) the dollar amount of the suspected error: and (3) a description of the error and 
explanation, if you can, why you believe there is an error. If you need more information, you must descnbe the item you are unsure about. We must receive your written communication no later than 30 
days after the statement on which the error or problem appeared is sent or made available. If you do not so notify us, you agree that the statement activity and account balance(s) are correct. 
JPMCC and JPMS are members of the Securities Investor Protection Corp ("SIPC"), a not-for-profit membership corporation funded by broker-dealers registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Securities and cash held for a customer at JPMCC are protected by SIPC up to $500,000 per customer. which includes up to $250,000 of protection for cash. SIPC does not protect 
against losses from fluctuations in the value of the securities. Assets held in custody by JPMCB are not subject to SIPC. You may obtain information about SIPC, including the SIPC Brochure, on their 
website. at 'Www.spc.org" or by contacting them at (202) 371-8300. 
In Case of Errors or Questions About Your Electronic Transfers. 
J.P.Morgan 
Disclosures Page 2 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105103 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251287 
EFTA01449649

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449650.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Contact your J.P. Morgan Team at one of the telephone numbers on the front of your statements or write us at J.P. Morgan, 500 Stanton Christiana Road. 1/OPS3, Newark, DE 19713-2107 as soon as 
you can, if you think your statement is wrong or if you need more information about a transfer on the statement. We must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on 
which the error or problem appeared. (1) Ten us your name and account number. (2) Describe the error or the transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe it is an 
error or why you need more information. (3) Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error. We win investigate your complaint and wit correct any error promptly. If we take more than 10 business 
days (or 20 business days for new accounts) to do this, we will credit your account for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have the use of the money during the time it takes us to complete 
our investigation. 
In Case of Errors or Questions About Non-Electronic Transfers (Checks or Deposits) 
Contact JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("JPMCB") Member FDIC immediately if a statement is incorrect or if you need more information about any non-electronic transactions (checks or deposits) on this 
statement If any such error appears, you must notify the bank in writing as soon as possible after your statement was made available to you. For more complete details, see the applicable account 
agreements and appendices that govern your account. 
Deposit products and services are offered by JPMCB Member FDIC. 
You must promptly advise your J.P.Morgan representative of material changes in your Investment objectives or finanaal situation or if you wish to modify the management of your account. Unless you 
inform otherwise, your J.P.Morgan representative will consider the information currently in its files to be complete and accurate. 
With reference to JPMS and JPMCC: A financial statement of this organization is available to you for personal Inspection at its offices, or a copy will be mailed to you upon written request. 
You should have received (or have made available to you) separate confirmations for each securities transaction. All transactions are subject to the terms and conditions stated on the reverse side of 
such confirmations and are subject to the constitution, by-laws, customs and interpretations of the marketplace where executed and governed by and construed In accordance with the laws of the State 
of New York and all applicable federal laws and regulations. Further information with respect to commissions and other charges related to the execution of transactions. including options transactions. 
has been included in confirmations that were previously furnished or have made available to you. Upon written request, JPMS will promptly supply you with the latest information. 
PRODUCT RELATED DISCLOSURE: THE JPMORGAN FUNDS OR THIRD PARTIES 
Shares of the funds referenced above are not bank deposits and are not guaranteed by any bank. government entity, or the FDIC. Return and share price will fluctuate and redemption value may be 
more or less than original cost. While the money market hinds seek to maintain a stable net asset value of $1.00 per share, there is no assurance that they will continue to do so. The estimated annual 
income and dividend yield figures for mutual funds represent the funds' most recent income dividend annualized. 
Prospectuses and other fund information for JPMorgan funds may be obtained by calling your J.P. Morgan team or JPMorgan Distnbution Services, Inc. at (800) 480-4111. You also may view and 
order materials online for JPMorgan funds at www.jpmorganfunds.com. 
J.P. Morgan affiliates may receive compensation from the JPMorgan funds for providing investment advisory services to the funds. J.P. Morgan affiliates may also provide administrative, custodial, 
sales, distribution, shareholder or other services to the JPMorgan Funds or funds established, sponsored, advised. or managed by third parties. and J.P. Morgan affiliates may be compensated for such 
services as allowed by applicable law. The distributor of the JPMorgan Funds is JPMorgan Distribution Services. Inc.. which is an affiliate of JPMCB. 
Assets may be reflected herein even though they may be held by a third party unaffiliated with J.P. Morgan. In such cases, unless J.P. Morgan otherwise agrees, J.P. Morgan haS no responsibility for 
the verification, valuation, safekeeping or management of those assets. 
J.P.Morgan 
Disclosures Page 3 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105104 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251288 
EFTA01449650

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449651.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105105 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251289 
EFTA01449651

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449652.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449652.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
6100 RED HOOK QUARTER B3 
ST THOMAS 00802 
VIRGIN ISLANDS (U.S.) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105106 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251290 
EFTA01449652

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449653.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105107 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251291 
EFTA01449653

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449654.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449654.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Account Summary 
Account 
Beginning Net 
Ending Net 
Change 
Start on 
Number 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Page 
Investment Account(s) 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LLC 
71,112,935.51 
70,977,092.83 
(135,842.68) 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LLC 
23,968,372.41 
23,664,284.95 
(304,087.46) 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LW 
33.49 
0.00 
(33.49) 
Total Value 
396,081,341.41 
$94,641,377.78 
($439,963.63) 
This account summary Is provided for informational purposes and includes assets at different entities. 
(1) Assets held at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"), except for exchange-
listed options. which are held at JPMorgan Clearing Corporation ("JPMCC"). The Asset Account Statement reflects brokerage 
transactions executed through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC rJPMS"), see 'Portfolio Activity Detair. Equity securities. fixed income 
securities, and listed options transactions are generally cleared through JPMCC, a wholly owned subsidiary of JPMS. Please see 
'Additional Information About Your Accounts' at the end of the Asset Account Statement. 
(2) Assets held in Margin Account at JPMCC, member Financial Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") and Securities Insurance Protection 
Corporation (-WC"). The Margin Account Statement reflects brokerage transactions executed by JPMS. see •Portfolio Activity 
Detail". Such transactions are cleared and carried through JPMCC. 
Please see disclosures located at the end of this statement package for important information relating to each J.P.Morgan account(s). 
J. P Morgan 
Client News 
A discrepancy was discovered in the display of certain 
pending transactions in the May month•end statement. 
All trades and positions have been recorded correctly in 
your account, and this discrepancy does not impact any 
holdings or market value(s) in your account(s) If you 
would hke an updated statement for May, please reach 
out to your J.P. Morgan team. 
0000012286. I5 0.15 00001 SOCITHAH 20135904 
Consolidated Statement Page 1 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105108 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251292 
EFTA01449654

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449655.pdf
----------------------------------------
THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105109 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251293 
EFTA01449655

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449656.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Consolidated Summary 
INVESTMENT ACCOUNTS 
Asset Allocation 
Beginning 
Market Value 
Ending 
Market Value 
Change 
In Value 
Estimated 
Annual Income 
Current 
Allocation 
Asset Allocation 
Equity 
41956,289.07 
44.300.328 69 
2.344.039 62 
2.514.419.64 
47% 
Alternative Assets 
1,987,600.00 
2,021,051.39 
33,451.39 
2% 
Altemataie 
Awn 
Cash & Fixed Income 
50.227.442.79 
47.434.837.61 
(2.792.605.18) 
1.984.500.56 
51% 
Market Value 
$94,171,331.86 
693,766,217.69 
($416,114.17) 
$4,498,920.20 
100% 
Accruals 
910,009.55 
885,160.09 
(24.849 46) 
Market Value with Accruals 
696,081,341.41 
$94,641,377.78 
($439,963.63) 
Equiry 
Portfolio Activity 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Beginning Market Value 
94,171,331.86 
12,466.93 
0.00 
90,305,445.92 
Net ContributionsAMthdrawats 
Income 8 Distributions 
849.387 89 
1.460,141 44 
Change in Investment Value 
(1,276.968 99) 
1,990,630.33 
Ending Market Value 
S93,756,217.69 
$93,756,217.69 
Accruals 
885.160 09 
885,160.09 
Market Value with Accruals 
$94,641,377.78 
$94,641,377.78 
Cash et 
-
Faxed 'mom* 
This Consolidated Summary shows all of your investments at J.P. Morgan other than investments we hold in trust for you. These investments may be held in custody or investment 
management account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the "BanK) or in a brokerage or margin account at J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. CJPMCC"). Brokerage and margin accounts are 
non-discretionary and all investment decisions are made by the client. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC CJPMS") does not provide advice on asset allocation or investment management 
services, nor do its personnel take discretion over any client accounts. Such advice and services are provided exclusively by the Bank. 
Consolidated Statement Page 2 
J. P Morgan 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105110 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251294 
EFTA01449656

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449657.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 811/13 to 8/31113 
Consolidated Summary 
CONTINUED 
INVESTMENT ACCOUNT(S) YEAR-TO-DATE 
Portfolio Activity 
Account 
Beginning 
Number 
Market Value 
Net Contnbutionsi 
Wthdrawals 
Income & 
Change in 
Ending Market Value 
Distributions 
Investment Value 
with Accruals 
SOUTHERN F :NANG Al I_ C 
SOUTHERN F:NANCAI t 
0.00 
68,068,729.31 
942,483.55 
1.080.843 24 
70.977.092 83 
0.00 
22.238716 61 
517.657 89 
909.787 09 
23.664.284 95 
Total Value 
$0.00 
$90,305,44892 
$1,460,141.44 
$1,990,630.33 
$94,641,377.78 
Income Summary 
Account 
Other Income 
Realized Gain/Loss 
Unrealized 
Number 
Income 
Income 
& Receipts 
Short-term 
Long-term 
Gaintossl
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LLC 
942.483 55 
308.178 82 
155.437.32 
1.631.336 11 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL. LLC 
20.291.16 
497366.73 
1,902.00 
1.681.573.18 
Total Value 
$962,774.71 
$497,366.73 
$310,020.82 
6165,437.32 
$3,312,909.29 
'Unrealized Gaintoss represents data from the time of account inception to the current statement period. 
Consolidated Statement Page 3 
J. P Morgan 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105111 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251295 
EFTA01449657

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449658.pdf
----------------------------------------
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
270 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10017-21)14 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Asset Account 
J.P. Morgan Team 
Table of Contents 
Page 
Justin Nelson 
Banker 
Account Summary 
Paul Barrett 
Investment Specialist 
Holdings 
Janet Young 
Client Service Team 
Equity 
Gina Magliocco 
Client Service Team 
Alternative Assets 
Jason Grosse 
Client Service Team 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Online access 
www.jpmorganonline.com 
Portfolio Activity 
Please see disclosures located at the end of this statement package for important information relating to each J.P.Morgan account(s). 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 1 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 4 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105112 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251296 
EFTA01449658

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449659.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to W31/13 
Account Summary 
Asset Allocation 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Estimated 
Current 
Asset Allocation 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Annual Income Allocation 
quit
32.270.100 98 
35,278.219 09 
3,008,118 11 
1,600,370 70 
50% 
1.987.600.00 
2.021.051.39 
33.451 39 
3% 
Cash 8 Fixed Income 
35.945.348.23 
32.792.785.62 
(3,152.562 61) 
1.983.056.26 
47% 
Market Value 
$70,203,049.21 
370,092,066.10 
($110,993.11) 
33,683,426.96 
100% 
Accruals 
909,886 30 
885,036 73 
(24,849 57) 
Market Value with Accruals 
371,112,936.61 
$70,977,092.83 
(3136,842.68) 
AitematNe 
Auer. 
Portfolio Activity 
Current 
Period Value 
Year4o-Date 
Cash 
Value 
nred (mom* 
Beginning Market Value 
70,203,049.21 
0.00 
Contributions 
15,362,706.02 
Withdrawals 8 Fees 
(430.430.11) 
Securities Transferred In 
53,240,793.69 
Securities Transferred Out 
(104.340.29) 
Net Contributions/Withdrawals 
30.00 
368,068,729.31 
Income 8 Distributions 
501.897.40 
942,483.55 
Change In Investment Value 
(612,890.51) 
1.080.843.24 
Ending Market Value 
370.092.056.10 
370,092,056.10 
Accruals 
885.036.73 
885.036.73 
Market Value with Accruals 
$70,977,092.83 
$70,977,092.83 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 2 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 5 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105113 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251297 
EFTA01449659

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449660.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Account Summary 
CONTINUED 
Income Summary 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Domestic Dividendstistributions 
161.006 25 
625.538 75 
ST Realized Gainless 
16.509 61 
308.178.82 
Foreign Dividends 
54375.00 
LT Realized Gainless 
6.937,32 
155,437.32 
Currency Gainloss 
172,171.59 
(376,641.71) 
Realized Gain/Loss 
$23,446.93 
$463,616.14 
Interest Income 
168.719.56 
761,154.64 
Accrued Interest Current Year 
(121,943.13) 
Income 
$601,897.40 
$842,483.56 
Cost Summary 
Cost 
Equity 
34.082.916.48 
Cash & Fixed Income 
32,052.239 95 
Total 
566,136,166.43 
J. P Morgan 
To-Date Value 
Unrealized Gain/Loss 
$1,631836.11 
Account 
Page 3 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 6 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105114 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251298 
EFTA01449660

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449661.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Equity Summary 
Asset Categories 
Beginning 
Market Value 
Ending 
Market Value 
Change 
In Value 
Current 
Allocation 
US Large Cap Equity 
4,011,215.61 
3.973.273.78 
(37.941.83) 
6% 
US Small/Mid Cap Equity 
909.500.00 
938,500.00 
29,000.00 
1% 
Non-US Equity 
3,851,991.91 
3,506,921.96 
(345.069.95) 
5% 
European Large Cap Equity 
1,992,600.00 
1,962,200.00 
(30,400.00) 
3% 
Emerging Market Equity 
878.712.86 
833,168.31 
(45,544.55) 
1% 
Preferred Stocks 
5,599,378.28 
8.600.970.99 
3.001.592.71 
12% 
Concentrated 8 Other Equity 
15,026,702.32 
15,463,184.05 
436,481 73 
22% 
Total Value 
$32,270,100.98 
$35,278,219.09 
$3,008,118.11 
50% 
Market Value/Cost 
Current 
Penod Value 
Market Value 
35,278,219.09 
Cost 
34,082.916 48 
Unrealized Gainttoss 
912.036 06 
Estimated Annual Income 
1,600.370 70 
Accrued Dividends 
256594 25 
Yield 
452% 
J. P Morgan 
Asset Categories 
Emerging Market Equity 
US Smaltlant Cap Equity 
Europe's Large Cap EquiTy 
Non-US EM MY 
US Large Cap &wiry 
Equity as a percentage of your portfolio - 50 % 
Concentratod S Other &w ay 
Puttered Stocks 
Account 
Page 4 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 7 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251299 
DB-SDNY-0 105115 
EFTA01449661

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449662.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, 1.I.0 ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to S/31/13 
Note 
Unrealized Gain Loss is shown as "N. A" in cases where we do not have appropriate cost information for all tax lots comprising the position Please contact your J P Morgan learn (or additional 
information.
Equity Detail 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Original Cost 
Unrealized 
GalnA.oss 
Est. Annual Inc. 
Accruec
—liW7 
Yield 
US Large Cap Equity 
ARIAD PHARMACEUTICALS INC 
04033A-10-0 ARIA 
18.60 
16.535 000 
307,551.00 
290,997.40 
16,553.60 
BIOGEN IDEC INC 
09062X-104 BNB 
213.02 
2,099.000 
448,276.90 
250,454.95 
199,821.95 
FACEBOOK 1NC-A 
30303M-10-2 FB 
41.29 
17,500.000 
722,645.00 
665,000.00 
67,645.00 
GENERAL ELECTRIC CO 
369604-10-3 GE 
23.14 
23,000.000 
532,220.00 
496,109.06 
36,110.92 
17,480.00 
3.28% 
JPM VALUE ADVANTAGE FD -INSIL 
FUND 1400 
4812A2-58-7 JVAI X 
24.96 
78,709.170 
1.964.580.88 
2,000,000.00 
(35,419.12) 
19,992.12 
1.02% 
Total US Large Cap Equity 
US Small/Mid Cap Equity 
DEUTSCHE 8K AG LDN BRH 
DBL LONG ETN38 
25154H-55-8 DAG 
8.90 
50,000.000 
53,973,273.78 
445800 00 
53,702,561.43 
352.529.00 
$270,712.36 
92,471.00 
937,472.12 
0.94% 
J.P Morgan 
Accounnage 
of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 8 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105116 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251300 
EFTA01449662

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449663.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to W31/13 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost
Original Cost 
Unrealized 
Gaintoss 
Est. Annual Inc. 
Yield 
Accrued Div. 
US Small/Mid Cap Equity 
SANGAMO BIOSCIENCES INC 
9.87 
50,000 000 
493,506.00 
422,214.00 
71,286.00 
Total US Small/Mid Cap Equity 
$938,600.00 
$774,743.00 
$163,767.00 
30.00 
0.00% 
Non-US Equity 
ACCOR SA 
37.72 
8,750.000 
330,037.33 
337,612.87 
(7,575.54) 
ADECCO SA-REG 
62.85 
4,900.000 
307,957.95 
339,220.24 
(31,262.29) 
AUTOGRILL SA 
15.74 
21,400.000 
336,923.38 
333,823.48 
3,099.90 
BNP PARIBAS 
62.52 
5,003.000 
312,607.09 
329,132.36 
(16,525.27) 
CARREFOUR SUPERMARCHE 
31.23 
10,500.000 
327,925.92 
329,196.98 
(1,271.06) 
COCA-COLA HBC AG 
27.57 
11,300.000 
311,493.05 
331,777.88 
(20,284.83) 
COPAPAGNIE DE SAINT4OBAIN 
46.60 
6,750.000 
314,545.43 
319,967.65 
(5,422.22) 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 6 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 9 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105117 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251301 
EFTA01449663

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449664.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adiusted Cost 
Original Cost 
Unrealized 
Gain Loss 
Est Annual Inc. 
Accrued 
[UT
Yield 
Non-US Equity 
FRAPORT AG 
5187 
5,000.000 
319,345.14 
327,848.17 
(8,301.03) 
1511Y DE0005773303 SEDOL 7107551 
D3856U-90-0 UR 
JC DECAUX INTERNATIONAL 
33.43 
10,000.000 
334,265.09 
327,986.80 
6,278.29 
ISIN FR0000077919 SEDOL 7138663 
F5333N-91-0 UR 
LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC 
12 
291,000.000 
326,582.03 
343,600.26 
(17,018.25) 
ISIN G50008706128 SEDOL 0870612 
G591101-10-8 BP 
RENAULT SA 
71.31 
4,000.000 
285,239.55 
317,870.23 
(32,630.88) 
ISIN FRO000131906/SEDOL 4712798 
759994-90.8 UR 
Total Non-US Equity 
$3.600,021.00 
$3.037,834.94 
($130,912.96) 
$0.00 
0.00% 
European Large Cap Equity 
HSBC CONT BUFF EQ SX6E 08/28/14 
98.11 
2,000.000 000 
1,962,200.00 
2000,000.00 
(37,800.00) 
80% EKO BARRIER- 4%CPN 
17% CAP 
INITIAL LEVEL-05/24/13 SX5E:2764.29 
40432X-FP-1 
J. P Morgan 
Account W91850003 Page 7 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 10 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105118 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251302 
EFTA01449664

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449665.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost
Original Cost 
Unrealtzed 
Gaintoss 
Est Annual  Inc 
Accrued Div 
Yield 
Emerging Market Equity 
JPM LATIN AMERICA FD SEL 
16.83 
49.504 950 
833,168 31 
000 COO 00 
(166 831 69) 
841.58 
0.10% 
FUNDS 
Preferred Stocks 
ALLY FINANCIAL INC 
26.91 
126.600 000 
3.406 806 00 
2,782,242.51 
624,563 49 
268,39200 
7.88% 
1/2% PFD 
GMAC CAPITAL TRUST I 
26.54 
80,000 000 
2,123,200.00 
102,773.60 
240,426 40 
162,480.00 
7.65% 
PFD STK 8 1/15% 
ROYAL BANK SCOTLAND GROUP PLC 
22.94 
120.000.0O3 
2,752,800.00 
2,924,400.00 
(171.600.00) 
217.560.00 
7.90% 
ADR NON-CUMULATIVE 
VOLKSWAGEN AG PFD 
227.26 
1,400.000 
318,164.99 
340,287.60 
(22,122 61) 
Total Preferred Stocks 
$8,600,970.99 
$7,929,703.71 
3671,267.28 
$648,432.00 
7.64% 
Concentrated & Other Equity 
BANK OF AMERICA CORP 
110.17 
2,000,000.000 
2,203,400.00 
2,081,180.56 
122,219.44 
162,500.00 
7.32% 
1:8% PFD STK DEC 29 2049 
47,846.00 
DTD 04.'30,2008 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 8 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 11 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105119 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251303 
EFTA01449665

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449666.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN MANUAL, LLC ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Original Cost 
Unrealized 
Gain Loss 
Est Annual Inc 
Accrued Div 
Yield 
Concentrated & Other Equity 
GENERAL ELEC CAP CORP 
109.37 
2,000,000.030 
2.187.420 00 
2,122,916.67 
64,503.33 
142,500.00 
8.45% 
7.125% DEC 15 2049 
30,062.00 
DTD 06/12/2012 
369622-SN4 AA- /BAA 
GENERAL MOTORS CO 
48.66 
71.000.000 
3,454,860.00 
3,585,969.22 
(131.109.22) 
168.625.03 
4.88% 
CV PFD B 
42.156 25 
37045V-20-9 GM PB 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO 
110.04 
5,000,000.000 
5,502,050.00 
5,498,006.95 
4,043.05 
395.000.00 
7.12% 
7.9% PFD STK APR 30 2049 
132,760.00 
DTD 04/2312008 
46625H-HA-1 BBB /8A1 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO 
94.69 
750.000.000 
710,137.50 
750,000.00 
(39,862 50) 
45000 00 
8.38% 
VAR RT 07/242013 DTD 0729 2013 
3.750 00 
48126H-AA-8 BBB /BA1 
LONG TOTAL RETURN SWAP 
1.00 
888.972.000 
283,286.55 
NIA " 
N/A 
1,999,999.368942 USD NOTIONAL 
KOSPTREQ INDEX 
MAT MAR 20 2014 DEAL 30140386 
N/0 Client 
SWPBDR-UH-6 
MS MARKET PLUS MRK 08/20/14 
112.21 
1,000,000.000 
1,122,050.00 
1,000,000.00 
122,050.00 
80% EKO BARRIER- 3.55%CPN 
.UNCAPPED 
INITIAL LEVEL-02/14/13 MRK:41.19 
61761J.DA.4 
Total Concentrated & Other Equity 
$15,483,184.05 
$15,038,073.40 
$141,844.10 
$913,626.00 
5.87% 
5256,594.25 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 9 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 12 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105120 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251304 
EFTA01449666

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449667.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Alternative Assets Summary 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Current 
Asset Categories 
Estimated Value 
Estimated Value 
In Value 
Allocation 
Hard Assets 
1,987,800.03 
2,021,051.39 
33,451.39 
3% 
Alternative Assets Detail 
Estimated 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Cost 
I I a rd Assets 
SG MARKET PLUS WTI CRUDE 08:05/14 
LNKD TO CL1 
78.75% BARRIER- 1096CPN ,UNCAPPED 
INITIAL LEVEL-07/25/13 CL1:105.68 
78423E-HS-6 
99.83 
2,000 000.000 
7,996,600.00 
2,000,000.00 
WTI CALL OPTION 
USD PUT OPTION 
STRIKE 110.00 
EXPIRING 02/14/2014 
250,000 BARRELS 
OTCBDC-PH-K 
1.00 
250.000 
697,543.73 
582,500.00 
WTI PUT OPTION 
USD CALL OPTION 
STRIKE 93.50, IQ 
EXP 83.50 
EXPIRING 02/14/2014 
250,000 BARRELS 
OTCBDP-KG-F 
1.00 
(250.000) 
(873,092.34) 
(562,500.00) 
Total Hard Assets 
52,021,051.39 
52,000,000.00 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 10 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 13 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105121 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251305 
EFTA01449667

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449668.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Cash & Fixed Income Summary 
Asset Categories 
Beginning 
Market Value 
Ending 
Market Value 
Change 
In Value 
Current 
Allocation 
Cash 
4.452.801.94 
1.645.091.62 
(2.807.710.32) 
2% 
Non-USD Cash 
(204.969.06) 
373,398.54 
578,367.60 
1% 
US Fixed Income 
24,368,521.90 
23,908.322.34 
(460.199.56) 
34% 
Non-US Fixed Income 
3.089.156.20 
2,970,682.30 
(118,473.90) 
4% 
Complementary Structured Strategies 
4,159,761.47 
3,852,993.10 
(306.768.37) 
5% 
Foreign Exchange Contracts 
80,075.78 
42,297.72 
(37.778.06) 
1% 
Total Value 
$35,945,348.23 
$32,792,785.62 
($3,152,562.61) 
47% 
Market Value/Cost 
Current 
Penod Value 
Market Value 
32.792.785.62 
Cost 
32.052.239.95 
Unrealized Gaintoss 
698.248.66 
Estimated Annual Income 
1.983.056.26 
Accrued Interest 
628.442.48 
Yield 
6.52% 
J. P Morgan 
Asset Categories 
Foreign Exchange Contracts 
Non-LISO COW 
Cash 
NonUS Fixed McOme 
Complementary Structured 
Strategies 
US Fixed income 
Cash 8, Fixed Income as a percentage of your portfolio - 47 % 
Account W91850003 Page 11 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 14 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251306 
DB-SDNY-0 105122 
EFTA01449668

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449669.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
SUMMARY BY MATURITY 
SUMMARY BY TYPE 
Market 
% of Bond 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Value 
Portfolio 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Market 
Value 
% of Bond 
Portfolio 
0-6 months' 
4268,133,26 
13% 
Cash 
1.645.091.62 
5% 
1-5 years' 
3,853,100.00 
11% 
NON USD Cash 
373,398.54 
1% 
5-10 years' 
8,613331.00 
26% 
Corporate Bonds 
11,399.293,00 
36% 
10• years' 
16,015.523.64 
50% 
International Bonds 
8.201.713.30 
25% 
Total Value 
$32,750,487.90 
100% 
Mortgage and Asset Backed Bonds 
7.277,998 34 
22% 
Complementary Structure 
3.852.993.10 
11% 
' The years Indicate the number of years until the bond is scheduled to mature 
based on the statement end date. Some bonds may be called. or paid in full, 
before their stated maturity. 
Total Value 
532,750,487.90 
100% 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 12 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 15 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251307 
DB-SDNY-0 105123 
EFTA01449669

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449670.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449670.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/13 to N/31/13 
Cash & Fixed Income Summary 
NET FX CONTRACTS EXPOSURE SUMMARY 
Value 
in Currency 
CANADIAN DOLLAR 
(5,000,000.00) 
JAPANESE YEN 
468,650,000.00 
Note: 
P indicates position adjusted for Pending Trade Activity. 
' This Is the Annual Percentage Yield (APY) which is the rate earned if balances remain on deposit for a fun year with compounding, there is no change in the interest rate and all interest 
is left in the account. 
Cash & Fixed Income Detail 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Gain,Loss 
Est. Annual Income 
Yield 
Original Cost 
Accrued Interest 
Cash 
US DOLLAR 
1.00 
1,394.841 62 
1,394,841.62 
1,394,841.62 
139.48 
0.01%1
19.71 
PROCEEDS FROM PENDING SALES 
1.00 
250 250 00 
250,250.00 
250,250.00 
Total Cash 
$1,1146,091.62 
$1,646,091.132 
$0.00 
$139.48 
0.01% 
$19.71 
Non-USD Cash 
CANADIAN DOLLAR 
0.95 
0.01 
0.01 
0.01 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 13 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 16 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105124 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251308 
EFTA01449670

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449671.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449671.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL 1.1.0 ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Gaintoss 
Est. Annual Income 
Yield 
Original Cost 
Accrued Interest 
Non-USD Cash 
SWISS FRANC 
EURO PRINCIPAL CURRENCY 
1.07 
1.32 
001 
283,178.22 
0.01 
373.398 52 
0.01 
377.195.09 
(3.796.57) 
Total Non-USD Cash 
5373,396.64 
$377,195.11 
($3,796.57) 
$0.00 
0.00% 
US Fixed Income 
HEADWATERS INC 
106.50 
1,000,000.00 
1.065000.00 
1,035,000.00 
30,000.00 
76,250.00 
6.23% 
7.625 04/01/2019 DTD 03/11/2011 
31,770.00 
42210P-A0-5 B+ /B2 
EARTHL1NK INC 
96.52 
1,000,030.00 
965,200.00 
1,033,500.00 
(68,300.00) 
88.750.00 
9.68% 
7/8% MAY 15 2019 
26,131.00 
DTD 05(17/2011 
270321-AC-6 CCC /B3 
KINDRED HEALTHCARE INC 
105.00 
Z0003:00.00 
Z10051:0.00 
1,966,250.00 
133,750.00 
165,000.00 
7.17% 
1/4% JUN 01 2019 
41,250.00 
DTD 061012011 
494580-AB-9 NR /B3 
SERVICEMASTER COMPANY 
95.50 
2,500,000.00 
2,387,500.00 
2,865,625.00 
(278.125.00) 
200,000.00 
8.93% 
8% FEB 15 2020 
8,887.50 
DTD 02J13/2012 
81760N-AN-9 CCC /CAA 
LLOYDS TSB BANK PLC 
119.29 
1,500,000.00 
1,789560.00 
1.627.500 00 
161.880.00 
148,125.00 
6.75% 
MTN 9 7/8% DEC 16 2021 
104,920.50 
DID 12/162011 
HELD BY EUROCLEAR 
ISIN XS071 7735822 SEDOL B7FOXT1 
G.4715J-9D-3 BBB /BA1 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 14 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 17 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105125 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251309 
EFTA01449671

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449672.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT.
For the Period 8/1/13 to 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Gaintoss 
Est. Annual Income 
Yield 
Original Cost 
Accrued Interest 
US Fixed Income 
BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
102.22 
300,000.00 
306,651.00 
300,000.00 
6.651.00 
23250.00 
7.42% 
7.750%04/10/2023 DTD 04:102013 
9,106.20 
06739E-HK-0 8B+ /NR 
HOIEBANC MORTGAGE TRUST 
81.55 
960,981.70 
591,455.41 
540,552.21 
50,903.20 
10,606.35 
3.69% 
2004-1 CL I MI VAR RT 08/252029 
17.29 
DTD 07/30/2004 
43739E-AC-1 CCC /CA 
SEQUOIA MORTGAGE TRUST 
74.53 
1,027,327.76 
765,626.28 
757,654.23 
7,972.05 
16,983.78 
5.81% 
CL B1 VAR RT 12202032 
93.48 
DTD 1a30:2002 
81744A-A8-4 CCC !CAA 
COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS 
94.04 
1,256,961.92 
1,183864.84 
1,202,308.63 
(18,443.79) 
72,390.31 
6.19% 
2003-1 CL 61 5.750% 03252033 
6,031.68 
DTO 01101/2003 
12669D-YS-1 
STRUCTURED ASSET SECURITIES CO 
93.34 
936,183.76 
873,805 84 
936,183 76 
(62,377.92) 
56,171.02 
7.88% 
2003-10 CL 82 6.000% 0425:2033 
4,680.91 
DID 03282003 
86359A-QW-6 CCC / 
COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS 2003.26 CL 81 
62.56 
1,347.212 31 
842.816 02 
1.037.353.47 
(194,537.45) 
719119 
6.69% 
33684%0825:2033 DTD 06/01/2003 
598.16 
12669E-RR-9 
IMPAC CMB TRUST 
82.93 
1,542,857.02 
1.279.429.61 
1,076,142.77 
203,286.84 
14317.71 
4.44% 
2005-2 CL 1M2 VAR RT 04252035 
41.65 
DTD 03/03/2005 
45254N-NC-7 CC /CA 
CHASE MORTGAGE FINANCE CORPORATION 
95.21 
1.828.512.97 
1.741.000.34 
1.618.233.98 
122.766 36 
54.708.92 
39% 
REMIC 2007-A1 CL 2A4 2.99199% 
4558.48 
02/25/2037 DTD 02/01/2037 
161630-AK-4 CCC /CA 
J.P.Morgan 
Accota 
Page 15 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 18 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105126 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251310 
EFTA01449672

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449673.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449673.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/I3 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Gaintoss 
Est. Annual Income 
Yield 
Original Cost 
Accrued Interest 
US Fixed Income 
P DONS BANCORPORATION 
99.75 
450.000.00 
448,875.00 
45%000.00 
(1,125.00) 
32,400.00 
7.22% 
VAR RT 0929:2049 DTD 08113i2013 
15,940.00 
089701-BF-3 
LBG CAPITAL NO.1 PLC 
104.50 
3,000,000.00 
3,135,000.00 
3,247,500.00 
(112,500.00) 
240,000.00 
7.63% 
144A VAR RT 12/29t2049 
50,684.00 
DTD 12/15/2009 HELD BY EUROCLEAR 
ISIN XS0473106283 SEDOL B510139 
50178R-9A-1 BB- /NA 
GENERAL ELEC CAP CORP 
91.30 
1,400,000.00 
1,278,158.00 
1,400,000.00 
(121,842.00) 
73,500.00 
5.83% 
5.250% 12/31/2049 DTD 0929/2013 
17,966.20 
369622-ST-3 AA- /BAA 
SOUTHERN CAL EDISON 
105.15 
3,000,000.00 
3.154,560 00 
3.016.649 17 
137.910 83 
187,500.00 
5.90% 
114% DEC 31 2049 
15.624.00 
DTD 01/17/2012 
842400-FU-2 BBB:BAA 
Total US Fixed Income 
$23,908,322.34 
$23,910,453.22 
($2,130.88) 
31,467,144.88 
6.61% 
$338,281.05 
Non-US Fixed Income 
PETROLEOS DE VENEZUELA S 
89.99 
2.500.000.00 
2249.750.00 
2.262.750.00 
(13.000 00) 
212.500.00 
11.58% 
1/2% NOV 02 2017 
70.242 50 
DTD 10/29/2010 
HELD BY EUROCLEAR 
ISIN USP7807HAK16 SEDOL BSSCOL3 
716550-9A-8 B /NA 
J. P Morgan 
Accoun 
age 16 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 19 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105127 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251311 
EFTA01449673

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449674.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Gaintoss 
Est. Annual Income 
Yield 
Original Cost 
Accrued Interest 
Non-US Fixed Income 
REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA -ARS 
1.64 
10.000.000.00 
164.057 30 
318.000.00 
(153.942.70) 
65.619 40 
39.66% 
NOTES DEC 15 2035 
46.742 22 
CH0 11/01/2005 
HELD BY EUROCLEAR 
ISIN ARARGE03E147 SEDOL B0S5SP7 
042993-9R-8 RS 
REPUBLIC OF ARGENTINA 
7.43 
7.500.000 00 
556.875.00 
1.038.750 00 
(481.875 00) 
237.652.50 
42.20% 
NOTES DEC 15 2035 
169.282.50 
DTD 11/01/2005 
HELD BY EUROCLEAR 
ISIN USO40114GM64 SEDOL B2PDMVV3 
042993-95-6 
Total Non-US Fixed Income 
$2,970,682.30 
$3,619,500.00 
($648,817.70) 
$516,771.90 
18.87% 
$286,267.22 
Complementary Structured Strategies 
JPY CALL CAD PUT 
(769.000.000.00) 
(0.71) 
(336,952.82) 
336,952.82 
FX EUROPEAN STYLE OPTION 
OCT 08, 2013 
76.9 
AT EXP KU @ 69.65 
XJPYCA-TZ-Z AD 
JPY CALL USD PUT 
(486,250.000.00) 
(10,646.84) 
(85,000.00) 
74,353.16 
FX EUROPEAN STYLE OPTION 
SEP 10.2013 @ 97.25 
AT EXP KI 69475 
XJPYCA-UI-Z 
J.P Morgan 
Account 
Page 17 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 20 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105128 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251312 
EFTA01449674

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449675.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to W3I/I3 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Original Cost 
Unrealized 
Gain Loss 
Est. Annual  Income 
Accrued Interest 
Yield 
Complementary Structured Strategies 
JPY PUT CAD CALL 
FX EUROPEAN STYLE OPTION 
OCT 08, 2013 • sato 
XJPYPB-EX-Z AD 
0.15 
809,000,000.00 
1,229,296.89 
338,952.82 
892,344.07 
JPY PUT USD CALL 
FX EUROPEAN STYLE OPTION 
SEP 10.2013 Q 100. 
XJPYPB-FJ-Z 
500,003,000.00 
12,369.70 
121,500.00 
(109.1 3030) 
JPY PUT USD CALL 
FX EUROPEAN STYLE OPTION 
SEP 10. 2013 Q 105 
XJPYPEI-FiciZ 
(500,000,000.00) 
(65.94) 
(36,500.00) 
36,434.06 
OS MXN STEP UP NOTE 11/22/13 
LNKD TO MXN VS USD 
85%BARRIER- 5% ATM CPN-22.9%MXRTRN 
11108/12, INITIAL STRIKE: 13.11925 
38141G+IY-3 
101.87 
1,000,000.00 
1,018,690.00 
1,000,030.00 
18,690.00 
JPM 3YR NC CLN TO MTOR 04116115 
INITIAL RATE 6.20% CPN 
DD 04 16: 12 
4662A0-40-1 
106.89 
1,500,000.00 
1,603,350.00 
1,500,000.00 
103.350.00 
3,874 50 
Total Complementary Structured Strategies 
S3,852,993.10 
$2,500,000.00 
$1,352,993.81 
$0.00 
$3,874.50 
0.00% 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 18 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 21 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105129 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251313 
EFTA01449675

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449676.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/I3 10 8/31/13 
Market Value 
Receivable 
Trade Date 
Currency 
Amount 
Contract 
Current Market 
Market Value 
Unrealized 
Settlement Date Counter Currency 
Counter Amount 
Rate 
Forward Rate 
Payable 
Gaintoss 
Foreign Exchange Contracts 
CANADIAN DOLLAR 
JAPANESE YEN 
Aug. 23 13 
CAD 
(5,000,030.00) 
93.730000 
900150 
4,777,445.75 
42,297.72 
Oct 10 13 
JPY 
ass,ef0000.00 
4,735,148.03 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 19 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 22 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105130 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251314 
EFTA01449676

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449677.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT 
Portfolio Activity Summary - U S Dollar 
For the Period 8/1/13 to W31/13 
Transactions 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Securities Transferred if Out 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
4,347,187.84 
Securities Transferred In 
52,196,971.85 
INFLOWS 
Securines Transferred Out 
(104,340.29) 
Income 
329,725.81 
1,294,677.15 
Contributions 
14,227,338.28 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
297,447.51 
6,414,663.17 
Current 
Year-To-Date 
Total Inflows 
$627,173.32 
$21,936,678.66 
Cost Adjustments 
Period Value 
Value' 
OUTFLOWS " 
Cost Ad,ustrrents 
93.145 83 
6.129 741 97 
Withdrawals 
(430,430.11) 
Total Cost Adjustments 
$93,145.83 
$6,129,741.97 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
13,368 535 93) 
(8,978,745.37) 
Total Outflows 
($3.368.535.93) 
($9,407,176.46) 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
Settled Sales/MaturitiesRedemptions 
2,506,746 39 
31253,042.44 
Settled Securities Purchased 
(2,717,730 00) 
(42,387.703 92) 
Total Trade Activity 
($210.983.61) 
($11.134.661.48) 
Ending Cash Balance 
$1,394,841.62 
• Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis. 
• Your accounts standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 20 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 23 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105131 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251315 
EFTA01449677

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449678.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACC 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Detail - U S Dollar 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Settle Date 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount 
Amount 
Selection Method 
Cost 
Income 
8/1 
8l 1 
Div Domest 
SOUTHERN CAL EDISON 61/4% DEC 31 2049 DTD 
01/17/2012 (ID: 842400-FU-2) 
3,000,000.000 
0.031 
93,750.00 
Interest Income 
DEPOSIT SWEEP INTEREST FOR 07/01/13- 07/31/13 
O.01 % RATE ON AVG COLLECTED BALANCE OF 
$7,860,019.43 AS OF 08/01/13 
65.73 
8/1 
8/8 
Interest Income 
CLIFFS NATURAL RESOURCES CV PFD 7% .0.4375 PER 
SHARE (ID: 18883K-40-8) 
6,000.000 
0.438 
2625.00 
Accrued Int Reod 
TO REVERSE ENTRY OF 05130/2013 IMPAC CMB TRUST 
SER 2005-2 CL IM1 VAR RT 04/25/2035 DTD 
03/002005 AS OF 05/30/13 (ID: 45254N-NI3-9) 
1,580,099.390 
(36.79) 
8/8 
Accrued Int Recd 
IMPAC CMB TRUST SER 2005-2 CL 1M1 VAR RT 
04125/2035 DTD 03/03/2006 (ID: 45254N-NB-9) 
1,580,099.390 
36.78 
8/15 
Div Domest 
ALLY FINANCIAL INC 812% PFD Q 0.53125 PER 
SHARE (ID: 02005N-30-8) 
126,600.000 
0.531 
67,256.25 
815 
Corporate Interest 
SERVICEMASTER COMPANY 8% FEB 15 2020 DTD 
02/13/2012 (ID: 81760N-AN-9) 
2,500,000.000 
0.04 
100,000.00 
8/15 
Interest Income 
GMAC CAPITAL TRUST I PFD SIX 81/8% @ 0.507813 
PER SHARE (ID: 361860-20-8) 
80,000.000 
0.508 
40,625.04 
8/19 
820 
Accrued Int Real 
Corporate Interest 
Corporate Interest 
ZIONS BANCORPORATION VAR RT 09:29:2049 DID 
0813:2013 (ID. 989701-BF-3) 
SEQUOIA MORTGAGE TRUST 11 CL B1 VAR RT 
12/20/2032 DTD 10/30/2002 (ID: 817444AB-4) 
50,000 000 
1,032,091 287 
001 
001 
005 
60.00 
1,416.14 
8,26 
COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS 2003-1 CL 81 5.750% 
1,334,646.920 
6,425 66 
03/25/2033 DTD 01/01/2033 (ID: 12669D-YS-1) 
J.P.Morgan 
Aecot 
Page 21 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 24 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0105132 
SONY GM_00251316 
EFTA01449678

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449679.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Settle Date 
Description 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount 
Amount 
Method 
Cost 
Income 
8/26 
Corporate Interest 
COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS 2003-26 CL B1 5.33684% 
08/252033 DTD 06/01/2003 
1,377,374.577 
0.004 
6,145.27 
8/26 
Corporate Interest 
CHASE MORTGAGE FINANCE CORPORATION REMIC 
2007-A1 CL 2A4 2.99199% 0225/2037 DTD 
02/012007-
1,937,113.840 
0.002 
4,388.37 
8/26 
Corporate Interest 
HOMEBANC MORTGAGE 
CL 1 MI VAR RT 
0825/2029 DTD 07/30/2004 
971,761.274 
0.001 
882.71 
arm 
Corporate Interest 
IMPAC CMB TRUST 2005-2 CL 1M2 VAR RT0N25/2035 
DTD 03/03r2005 
1,552,704.830 
0.001 
1,276.71 
8/26 
Corporate Interest 
STRUCTURED ASSET SECURITIES CO 2003-10 CL B2 
dillit
iliDTD 03/28/2003 
961,788.930 
0.005 
4,808.94 
Total Income 
$328.726.81 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
8/28 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - SELL BUY USD SELL 
JPY EXCHANGE RATE 97.180000000 DEAL 08/27/13 
VALUE 08/28/13 
(28,900.000.000) 
(295.788.34) 
297,447.51 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Page 22 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 25 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105133 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251317 
EFTA01449679

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449680.pdf
----------------------------------------
try97 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Tyype 
Quantity 
Settle Date
Selection Method 
Descnption 
(Cost 
Amount 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
8/5 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
154,361.730 
(204,838.02) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.327000000 DEAL 08/01/13 
204,838.02 
VALUE 08/05113 (ID: OEURPR-AA-9) 
8/7 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
122,844.180 
(162,928 24) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.326300000 DEAL 08/05/13 
162,928.24 
VALUE 08/07'13 (ID: OEURPR-CV-1) 
8/8 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION • BUY BUY GBP SELL 
1,126.450 
(1,730.57) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.536300000 DEAL 08x05/13 
1,730.57 
VALUE 03/08113 (ID: OGBPPR-CV-1) 
8/8 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
114.424.210 
(175,789.91) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.536300000 DEAL 08/05/13 
175,789.91 
VALUE 06/08/13 (ID: OGBPPR-CV-1) 
8/9 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION- BUY BUY EUR SELL 
95,881.360 
(127,973.82) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.337500000 DEAL 08/09/13 
128,074.29 
VALUE 08/09/13 (ID: OEURPR-AA-9) 
8/14 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
108,325.320 
(168,106.98) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.551890000 DEAL 08/09/13 
168,108.98 
VALUE 08/14/13 (ID: OGBPPR-CV-1) 
8/14 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY CHF SELL 
154,970.960 
(168,156.44) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE .921588000 DEAL 08/09/13 
168.156.44 
VALUE 08,1413 (ID: OCHFPR-CV-6) 
4 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION • BUY BUY EUR SELL 
130.101.380 
(173,269.02) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.331800000 DEAL 08/12/13 
173,269.02 
VALUE 06/14/13 (ID: OEURPR-CV-1) 
8/14 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
123,680.680 
(164,717.93) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.331800000 DEAL 06/12/13 
180,717.93 
VALUE 08/14/13 (ID: OEURPR-CV-1) 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 23 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 26 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105134 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251318 
EFTA01449680

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449681.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Tyype 
Descnption 
Quantity 
Cost
Amount 
Settle Date
Selection Method 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
8/15 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
1,141,294.030 
(1,520,210.50) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.332008000 DEAL 06/12/13 
1,520,210.50 
VALUE 03/15/13 (ID. OEURPR-AA-9) 
8/15 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
107,266600 
(166,079.80) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.548290000 DEAL 08112'13 
166.079 60 
VALUE 08/15,13 (ID: OGBPPR-CV-1) 
8/15 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
105.709 460 
(163,688.90) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.548290000 DEAL 08/12/13 
163.668 90 
VALUE 03/15/13 (ID: OGBPPR-CV-1) 
8/15 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY CHF SELL 
158,095 620 
(171,063.80) 
USD EXCHANGE RATE .924191000 DEAL 08/12/13 
171063 80 
VALUE 06/15/13 (ID: OCHFPR-AA-4) 
Total Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
($3,388,638.93) 
J.P Morgan 
Account 
Page 24 of 46 
Consolidated Statement Page 27 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105135 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251319 
EFTA01449681

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449682.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL Ur 
ACCT 
For the Period 8/I/I 3 to 8/31/13 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
Note: 
L indicates Long Term Realized Gain/Loss 
S indicates Short Term Realized Gain:Loss 
Settled transaction was initiated in prior statement penod and settled in current statement period 
Trade Date 
Type 
Settle Date 
Selection Method 
Description 
Per Unit 
Realized 
Quantity 
Amount 
Proceeds 
Cost 
GainiLoss 
Settled Sales/Maturities/Redemptions 
724 
Sale 
JONES ENERGY INC - A @ 14 263229 99,842.60 
(7,000.000) 
14.223 
99,560.86 
(105,000.00) 
(5,439.14) S" 
set 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 280.00 TAX &OR SEC 1.74 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 48019R-10-8) 
724 
Sale 
GRANA Y MONTERO SA - ADR e 21.542143 150.795.00 
(7,000.000) 
21.502 
150,51237 
(147,910.00) 
2,602.37 S.
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 280.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 2.63 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 36500P-20-8) 
731 
Sale 
COUSINS PROPERTIES INC © 10.385268 103,852.68 
(10,000.000) 
10.345 
103,450.87 
(100,000.00) 
3,450.87 S* 
a 5 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 400.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 1.81 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 222795-10-6) 
all 
Sale 
AMERICAN HOMES 4 RENT- A O 15.560867 233,413.01 
(15,000.000) 
15.521 
232,808.94 
(240,000.00) 
(7,191.06) S 
8/6 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 600.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 4.07 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 02665T-30-6) 
8/2 
Sale 
BOYD GAMING CORP e 12.25 49,003.00 BROKERAGE 
(4,000.000) 
12.21 
48.839.14 
(48,000.00) 
839.14 S 
8/7 
High Cost 
160.00 TAX 8/OR SEC .86 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES 
LLC (ID: 103304-10-1) 
&.2 
Sale 
LIBERTY PROPERTY TRUST S131 Q 36.00 270,000.00 
(7,500.000) 
35.959 
269,695.30 
(270.000.00) 
(304.70) S 
817 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 300.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 4.70 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 531172-10-4) 
8/2 
Sale 
VANTIV INC - CL A e 26.343917 158,063.50 
(6,000.000) 
26.303 
157,820.74 
(154,500.00) 
3,320.74 S 
817 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 240.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 2.76 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 92210H-10-5) 
5/23 
Sale 
TO REVERSE ENTRY OF 05/30/2013 IMPAC CMS TRUST 
1,580,099.390 
79.372 
(1,254,163.83) 
1,106,069.20 
(148,094.63) S* 
8/8 
High Cost 
SER 2035-2 CL 1M1 VAR RT 04/25/2035 DTD 
03/03/2005 @ 78.125 JP MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 
(BIDL) FACE VALUE 10,000,000.00 AS OF 05/30/13 
(ID: 45254N-NB-9) 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
age 25 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 28 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105136 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251320 
EFTA01449682

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449683.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT-
For the Period 8/1/13 to $131113 
Trade Date 
Type 
Settle Date 
Selection Method 
Description 
Per Unit 
Realized 
Quantity 
Amount 
Proceeds 
Cost 
Gain Loss 
Settled Sales/Maturities/Redemptions 
5/23 
Sale 
IMPAC CMB TRUST SER 2005-2 CL IM1 VAR RT 
8/8 
High Cost 
04/25/2035 DTD 03/03/2035 et 78.126S MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (BIDL) FACE VALUE 10,000,000.00 
(ID: 45254N-NB-9) 
(1,580,099.390) 
78.125 
1,234,452.68 
(1,1(0,069.20) 
128383.46 S.
8/7 
Sale 
ALLISON TRANSMISSION HOLDING 0 22.50 45,000.00 
(2,000.000) 
22.46 
44,919.21 
(44,000.00) 
919.21 S 
8/12 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 80.00 TAX SJOR SEC .79 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 01973R-10-1) 
8/8 
Sale 
ADVENT SOFTWARE INC e 28.10 28,100.00 BROKERAGE 
(1.000 000) 
28.06 
28,059.51 
(27,000.00) 
8/13 
High Cost 
40.00 TAX 8/OR SEC .49 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES 
LLC (ID. 007974-10-8) 
St 
Sale 
DCT INDUSTRIAL TRUST INC (4 7.27 29.080.00 
(4.000 000) 
23 
28,919.49 
(28,800.00) 
8/13 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 160.00 TAX 8/OR SEC .51 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 233153-10.5) 
8/8 
Sate 
MR AUCTION SERVICES INC@ 25.8605 25.860.50 
(1,000.000) 
25.82 
25,820 05 
(25.000 00) 
8/13 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 40.00 TAX 8/OR SEC .45 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 48238T-10-9) 
8/8 
Sale 
DCP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP • 50.040107 
(3,000.000) 
49.999 
149.997.70 
(150,120.00) 
8/14 
High Cost 
150,120.32 BROKERAGE 120.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 2.62 
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 23311P.10-0) 
1,059.51 S 
119.49 S 
820.05 S 
(122.30) S 
8/8 
Sale 
INTREXON CORP 0 22.00 27,500.00 BROKERAGE 15.00 
(1,250.000) 
21.988 
27,484.52 
(20,000.00) 
7,484.52 S 
8/14 
High Cost 
TAX 8JOR SEC .48 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 
(ID: 46122T-10-2) 
8/9 
Sale 
NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDIN 0 30.443 30,443.00 
(1,000.000) 
33.402 
30,402.47 
(29,750.00) 
652.47 S 
8/14 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 40 00 TAX &OR SEC .53 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID. G66721.10.4) 
8/9 
Sale 
CIEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP • 22.70 113.soaca 
(5,000.000) 
22.66 
113 298 02 
(105.000 00) 
8,298.02 S 
8/14 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 200.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 1.98 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 74735R-11-5) 
J. P. M organ 
Accoa 
of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 29 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105137 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251321 
EFTA01449683

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449684.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Type 
Settle Date 
Selection Method 
Description 
Per Unit 
Realized 
Quantity 
Amount 
Proceeds 
Cost 
Gain Loss 
Settled Sales/Maturities/Redemptions 
819 
Sale 
QUALITY DISTRIBUTION INC a 8.97 4.48590 
(500.000) 
8.93 
4,464.92 
(4.300.00) 
164.92 S 
8/14 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 20.00 TAX S/OR SEC .08 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 74756M-10-2) 
523 
Sate 
TO REVERSE ENTRY OF 05/29/2013 ZIONS 
1,500,000.000 
100.875 
(1,513,125.00) 
1,500,000.00 
(13,125.00)5 
8115 
High Cost 
BANCORPORATION VAR RT 12/31/2049 DM 05(21/2013 
I 100.875 JP MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (BIDL) AS OF 
05/29/13 (ID: 989701-BD-8) 
5/23 
Sale 
ZIONS BANCORPORATION VAR RT 12/31/2049 DM 
(1,500,000.000) 
100.625 
1,509,375.00 
(1,500,000.00) 
9,375.00 WI 
ails 
High Cost 
05/21/2013 @ 100.875 1,513,125.00 BROKERAGE 
3,750.00 JP MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (BIDL) 
(ID: 989701-BD-8) 
8/12 
Sale 
CLIFFS NATURAL RESOURCES CV PFD 7% e 22.033333 
(6.000 000) 
21.993 
131,957.69 
(150,000.00) 
(18.042 31) S 
8/15 
High Cost 
132,200.00 BROKERAGE 240.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 2.31 
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 18683K-40-6) 
8/13 
Sale 
LAREDO PETROLEUM HOLDINGS IN 0 23.621028 
(9.000 000) 
23.581 
212,225.55 
(213,750.00) 
(1,524.45) S 
8/19 
High Cost 
212,589.25 BROKERAGE 360.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 3.70 
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 516806-10-6) 
8/14 
Sale 
NORTHERN TIER ENERGY LP 1 22.30 89,200.00 
(4,000.000) 
22.26 
89,038.44 
(91,400.00) 
(2,361.56) S 
8/19 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 160.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 1.58 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 665826-10-3) 
8/14 
Sale 
ZIONS BANCORPORATION VAR RT 09/29/2049 DTD 
(50,000.000) 
100.05 
50,025.00 
(50.000.00) 
25.00 S 
8/19 
High Cost 
08/13a013 0 100.10 50,050.00 BROKERAGE 25.00 
JP MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (BIDL) 
(ID: 98970143F-3) 
8/20 
Pitncipal Payment SEQUOIA MORTGAGE TRUST 11 CL B1 VAR RT 
(4,763.530) 
100.00 
4,783.53 
(3,513.10) 
1,250.43 S 
8/20 
Pro Rata 
12/202032 DTD 10/30/2032 PAYMENT NC PRINCIPAL 
(ID: 81744A-AB-4) 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 27 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 30 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105138 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251322 
EFTA01449684

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449685.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount 
Proceeds 
Cost 
Realized 
Gain Loss 
Settle Date 
Selection Method 
Settled Sales/Maturities/Redemptions 
&20 
emit 
8.20 
(1.000 000) 
10.192 
10.192 32 
30,674.16 
(9.840.00) 
352.32 S 
Sale 
High Cost 
GENMARK DIAGNOSTICS INC © 10.2325 10.232 50 
BROKERAGE 40.00 TAX 8/OR SEC .18 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 372309-10-4) 
Sate 
High Cost 
MEDICINES CO e 30.7147 30,714.70 BROKERAGE 
40.00 TAX 8/OR SEC .54 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES 
LLC (ID: 584688-105) 
(1,000.000) 
30.674 
(30.250.00) 
424.18 S 
8/14 
Sale 
PENNYMAC MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST C 72.10 
(4,000.000) 
22.06 
88,238.46 
(89,360.00) 
(1,121.54) S 
8/20 
High Cost 
88,400.00 BROKERAGE 160.00 TAX 8JOR SEC 1.54 
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 709317-10-3) 
8/15 
Sale 
THIRD POINT REINSURANCE LTD © 12.25 73,500.00 
(6,000.000) 
12.21 
73,258.72 
(75,000.00) 
(1,741.28) S 
8/21 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 240.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 1.28 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: G8827U-10-0) 
8/15 
Sale 
MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST INC C 12.66 63300.03 
(5,000.000) 
12.62 
63,098.89 
(63.750.00) 
(651,11) S 
8/21 
High Cost 
BROKERAGE 200.00 TAX 8/OR SEC 1.11 J.P. MORGAN 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 58463J-30-4) 
626 
Principal Payment COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS 2003-1 CL 81 5.750% 
(75 685 000) 
100.00 
685 00 
(72.279 16) 
3.405.82 S 
1126 
Pro Rata 
03:25:2033 DTD 01:01:2003 PAYMENT AC PRINCIPAL 
(ID: 12669D-TS-1) 
8!26 
Principal Payment COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS 2003-26 CL 81 5.33684% 
(30,162.270) 
100.00 
30,162.27 
(23,224.95) 
6,937.32 L 
8,26 
Pro Rata 
08/25/2033 DTD 06/01/2033 PAYMENT NC PRINCIPAL 
(ID: 12669E.I2R.9) 
626 
Principal Payment CHASE MORTGAGE FINANCE CORPORATION REMIC 
(108.600.870) 
100.00 
108.600.87 
(96. 11I 77) 
12.489 10 S 
Pro Rata 
2007-A1 CL 2A4 2.99199% 02/25/2037 DTD 
02:01:2007 PAYMENT NC PRINCIPAL 
(ID 161630-AK-4) 
&26 
Principal Payment HOMEBANC MORTGAGE TRUST 20041 CL 1 M1 VAR RT 
(10,779 570) 
100.00 
779 57 
(6 063 51) 
716 06 
8,26 
Pro Rata 
03252029 DTD 07/30/2004 PAYMENT A C PRINCIPAL 
(ID: 43739E-AC-1) 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 28 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 31 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 105139 
SDNY_GM_00251323 
EFTA01449685

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449686.pdf
----------------------------------------
a71 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Type 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount 
Proceeds 
Cost 
Realized 
Gala Loss 
Settle Date 
Selection Method 
Description 
Settled Sales/Maturities/Redemptions 
826 
Pnncipal Payment IMPAC CMB TRUST 
&26 
Pro Rata 
DTD 03/03/2005 PAYMENT At PRINCIPAL 
(9.847 810) 
100.00 
9.847.81 
(6.868.85) 
_..... 
2,978.96 3 
826 
Pnncipal Payment STRUCTURED ASSET SECURITIES CO 
AC
Pro Rata 
6.000% 04/25/2033 DTD 03)26/2003 PAYMENT 
PRINCIPAL -
(26,605.170) 
100.00 
25,005.17 
(25,605.17)
Total Settled Sales/Maturities/Redemptions 
$2,506,746.39 
($2,606.396.63) 
$6937.32 L 
(86,687.46) S 
Trade Date 
Per Unit 
Settle Date 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount 
Market Cost 
Settled Securities Purchased 
7/24 
Purchase 
GRANA Y MONTERO SA - ADR 
21.13 J.P. MORGAN 
7,000 000 
21.13 
(147,910.00) • 
8/1 
SECURITIES LLC 
7/31 
Purchase 
COUSINS PROPERTIES INC 
10.00J.P. MORGAN 
10.000.000 
10.00 
(100.000.00) 
SECURITIES LLC 
8/2 
Purchase Option 
VVT1 CALL OPTION USD PUT OPTION STRIKE 110.00 
250.000 
2,250.00 
(562.500.00) 
8.4 
EXPIRING 02/142014250000 BARRELS PURCHASE 
OTC CALL 
8/2 
Write Option 
W11 PUT OPTION USD CALL OPTION STRIKE 93.50, KI 
(250.000) 
2,250.00 
562,500.00 
EXP 83.50 EXPIRING 02/142014 250,000 BARRELS 
WRITTEN OTC PUT 
8/1 
Purchase 
AMERICAN HOMES 4 RENT- A 
16.00 J.P. MORGAN 
15,000.000 
16.00 
(240,000.00) 
8/6 
SECURITIES LLC 
812 
Purchase 
BOYD GAMING CORP 
12.00 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES 
4,000.000 
12.00 
(48,000.00) 
8/7 
LLC 
J.P.Morgan 
Account 
age 29 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 32 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105140 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251324 
EFTA01449686

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449687.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount 
Market Cost 
Settle Date 
Settled Securities Purchased 
8:2 
Purchase 
LIBERTY PROPERTY TRUST SEB:l O 36.00 J.P. 
7.500 000 
36.00 
(270,000.00) 
8/7 
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 531172-10-4) 
8/1 
Purchase 
VANTIV INC - CL A (a 25.75 J.P. MORGAN 
6,000000 
25.75 
(154,500.00) 
8/7 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 92210H-105) 
8/7 
Purchase 
ALLISON TRANSMISSION HOLDING 0 22.00 J.P. 
2,000 000 
22.00 
(44,000.00) 
8/12 
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 01973R-10-1) 
8/8 
Purchase 
ADVENT SOFTWARE INC fa 27.00 J.P. MORGAN 
1,000 000 
27.00 
(27,000.00) 
8/13 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 007974404) 
8/8 
Purchase 
DCP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP @ 50.04 J.P. MORGAN 
3.000 000 
5004 
(150,120 00) 
8/13 
SECURITIES LLC OD 23311P-10-0) 
8/8 
Purchase 
DCT INDUSTRIAL TRUST INC § 7.20 J.P. MORGAN 
4,000.000 
20 
(28.800 00) 
8/13 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 233153-10-5) 
8/8 
Purchase 
INTREXON CORP Q 16.00 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES 
1,250.000 
16.00 
(20.000 00) 
8/13 
LLC (ID: 46122T-10-2) 
8/8 
Purchase 
KAR AUCTION SERVICES INC 
25.00 J.P. MORGAN 
1,000.000 
25.00 
(25,000.00) 
8/13 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 48238T-10-9) 
8/8 
Purchase 
ZIONS BANCORPORATION VAR RT 12/31/2049 DTD 
750.000.000 
100.00 
(750,000.00) 
8/13 
08/13/2013 0 100.00 JP MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 
(1310L) (ID: 989701-BF-3) 
8/9 
Purchase 
NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDIN la 29.75 J.P. 
1,000.000 
29.75 
(29,750.00) 
8/14 
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: G66721-10-4) 
8/8 
Purchase 
OEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP Q 21.00 J.P. MORGAN 
5,000.000 
21.00 
(105,000.00) 
8/14 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 74735R-114) 
8,8 
Purchase 
QUALITY DISTRIBUTION INC flp 8.60 J.P. MORGAN 
500.000 
8.60 
(4,300.00) 
814 
SECURITIES LLC (ID 74756M-10-2) 
8/13 
Purchase 
LAREDO PETROLEUM HOLDINGS IN 0 23.75 J.P. 
9,000.000 
23.75 
(213,750.00) 
8/19 
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 516808-10-6) 
J. P. Morgan 
Account W91850003 Page 30 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 33 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105141 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251325 
EFTA01449687

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449688.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period 
ACCT. 
8/1/13 to 8/31113 
Trade Date 
Description 
Per Unit 
Quantity 
Amount 
Market Cost 
Settle Date 
Type 
Settled Securities Purchased 
8.14 
Purchase 
GENMARK DIAGNOSTICS INC @ 9.84 J.P. MORGAN 
1.000 000 
9.84 
(9,840.00) 
8/19 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 372309-104) 
8/14 
Purchase 
MEDICINES CO at 30.25 J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC 
1,000 000 
30.25 
(30,250.00) 
8/19 
(ID: 584888-10-5) 
8/14 
Purchase 
NORTHERN TIER ENERGY LP 42 22.85 J.P. MORGAN 
4,000 000 
22.85 
(91,400.00) 
8/19 
SECURITIES LLC (ID: 885828.10-3) 
8/14 
Purchase 
PENNYMAC MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST @ 22.34 J.P. 
4.000 000 
22.34 
(89.360.00) 
8/19 
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 70931T-10-3) 
6115 
Purchase 
THIRD POINT REINSURANCE LTD @ 12 50 J.P. MORGAN 
6000.000 
12.50 
(75.003.00) 
8.20 
SECURITIES LLC (ID. G6827U-10-01 
8/15 
Purchase 
MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST INC @ 12 75 J P 
5.000 000 
12.75 
(63.750.00) 
8120 
MORGAN SECURITIES LLC (ID: 58463)-30.4) 
Total Settled Securities Purchased 
(52,717.730.00) 
Trade Dale 
Type 
Per Unit 
Realized 
Eir.Sitlle Date Selection Method 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount 
Proceeds 
Cost 
Gain Loss 
Pending Sales, Maturities, Redemptions 
6128 
Sale 
ZIONS BANCORPORATION VAR RT 09/29/2049 DTD 
(250,000.000) 
100.10 
250,250.00 
(250800.00) 
250.00 S 
9/3 
08/13/2013 (ID: 989701-BF-3) 
J. P. M organ 
ACOOtInt 
Page 31 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 34 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105142 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251326 
EFTA01449688

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449689.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to W1/13 
COST ADJUSTMENTS 
Settle Date 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Cost Basis 
Adjustments 
Cost Adjustments 
8/21 
Cost Basis Adj 
JPMORGAN CHASE & CO 7.9% PFD STK APR 30 2049 
5,000,000.000 
93,145.83 
DTD 04/23/2008 GENERAL MAINTENANCE 
(ID: 46625H-HA-1) 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Page 32 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 35 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105143 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251327 
EFTA01449689

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449690.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary - Canadian Dollar 
US Dollar Value 
Local Value 
Transactions 
Current 
Penod Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Current 
Penod Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
Contributions 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
7,134,950,74 
0.01 
01 
27,500,000.00 
0.01 
26,722,951.76 
7.500.000 00 
Total Inflows 
OUTFLOWS n 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
67,134,960.74 
(7.134,950.74) 
$26,722,961.77 
(26.722.951.76) 
7,600,000.00 
(7.500.000.00) 
27,600,000.01 
(27.500.000,00) 
Total Outflows 
(67,134,960.74) 
(626.722.961.76) 
(7600.000.00) 
(27,600000.00) 
Ending Cash Balance 
0.01 
• Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis. 
• Your account's standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P Morgan 
Account W91850003 Page 33 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 36 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105144 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251328 
EFTA01449690

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449691.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, 1.1.0 ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/I3 
Portfolio Activity Detail - Canadian Dollar 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Gain/Loss USD 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Local Value 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
8128 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY CAD SELL 
(242,025.000.000) 
2,384,131.22 
JPY CONTRACT RATE : 96.810000000 TRADE 6110/13 
2,500,000.00 
VALUE 8/28/13 (ID: OCADPR-AA-6) 
8/28 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY CAD SELL 
(469,400,000.000) 
4'50,819.52 
JPY EXCHANGE RATE 93.880000000 DEAL 06/23/13 
5,000,000.00 
VALUE 08,28,13 (ID: OCADPR-AA-8) 
Total Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
37,134,950.74 
$0.00 
Type 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Descnption 
Quantity 
Local Value 
Gain/Loss USD 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
8/28 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY JPY SELL 
740,325,000.000 
(7.134.950.74) 
17,442.93 
CAD CONTRACT RATE : 98.710030000 TRADE 5123/13 
(7.500,000.00) 
VALUE 8/28/13 (ID: OCADPR-AA-6) 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 34 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 37 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105145 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251329 
EFTA01449691

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449692.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary - Euro 
US Dollar Value 
Local Value 
Transactions 
Current 
Penod Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Current 
Penod Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
Contributions 
837,388.68 
1,135,367.75 
6,672,282 00 
837.38858 
Foreign Exchange -Inflows 
8918513.17 
15,446.863.09 
11,672 282 00 
Total Inflows 
OUTFLOWS" 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
$8,918,613.17 
$16,662,230.84 
6.672.282.00 
12,609,670.68 
(6,692,749.93) 
(12,926,180.34) 
(5.000.000 00) 
(10.000,000.00) 
Total Outflows 
WADE ACTIVITY 
($6,692.749.93) 
($12.926,160.34) 
(6.000.000.00) 
(10,000,000.00) 
Settled Securities Purchased 
(2.963.524.14) 
(2,963,524.14) 
(2.226.492.36) 
(2.226.492.36) 
Total Trade Activity 
($2,863,624.14) 
($2,963,624.14) 
(2,226,492.36) 
(2,226,492.36) 
Ending Cash Balance 
283,178.22 
' Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis. 
Your accounts standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Page 35 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 38 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105146 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251330 
EFTA01449692

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449693.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Detail - Euro 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Gain/Loss USD 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Local Value 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
815 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
(204,838.020) 
204,838.02 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.327000000 DEAL 08/01/13 
154,361.73 
VALUE 06/05/13 (ID: OEURPR-AA-9) 
8/7 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
(162,928.240) 
162,928.24 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.326300000 DEAL 03/05/13 
122,844.18 
VALUE 06/07/13 (ID: OEURPR-CV-1) 
8/8 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY EUR SELL 
(6,137,999.990) 
6,564,675.64 
CHF CONTRACT RATE : 1.251550000 TRADE 5/23/13 
4,904,318.64 
VALUE 8/06/13 (ID: OEURPR-M-9) 
8/9 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
(127,973.820) 
127,973.82 
100.47 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.337500000 DEAL 06/09/13 
95,681.36 
VALUE 08/09/13 (ID: OE URPR-AA-9) 
8/14 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
(173,269.020) 
173,289.02 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1 331800000 DEAL OM 2/13 
130,101.38 
VALUE 08/14/13 (ID: OE URPR-CV-1) 
8/14 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
(164.717 930) 
164,717.93 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.331800000 DEAL 08/12/13 
123,680.68 
VALUE 06/14/13 (ID: OEURPR-CV-1) 
8/15 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY EUR SELL 
(1,520,210.500) 
1,520,210.50 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1 332006000 DEAL 08/12/13 
1.141,294 03 
VALUE OS/15 13 (ID OEURPR-AA-9) 
Total Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
58.918.613.17 
$100.47 
J.P.Morgan 
Account W91850003 Page 36 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 39 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105147 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251331 
EFTA01449693

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449694.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/I3 to 8/31/13 
Type 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Local Value 
Gaal Loss USD 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
8/8 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY CHF SEU. 
6,138,000.000 
(6,642,74993) 
EUR CONTRACT RATE : 1227600000 TRADE 5/06/13 
(5,000.000.00) 
VALUE 8108/13 (ID: OEURPR-AA-9) 
TRADE ACTIVITY - Euro 
Note. 
Settled transacnon was indiated in prior statement period and settled in current statement period 
Trade Date 
Type 
Descnption 
Quantrty 
Per Und 
Amount USD 
Market 
Cost USD 
Currency 
Gaintoss USD 
Settre Date 
Local Value 
Local Value 
Seiner' SecurItles Purchased 
7/31 
Purchase 
VOLKSWAGEN AG PFD ISIN DE0007664039 SEDOL 
700.000 
238.598 
(167,018.58) 
2,792.34 • 
8/2 
5497168 (ID: 928662-92-3) 
179.15 
(125,781.21) 
7/31 
Purchase 
JC DECAUX INTERNATIONAL ISIN FR0000077919 SEDOL 
5,000.000 
32.157 
(160,785.93) 
2.227.32 * 
7136063 (ID: F5333N-914) 
24.097 
(121,087.42) 
7/31 
Purchase 
AUTOGRILL SA ISIN 17000113734 SEDOL 5256206 
10,900.000 
15.321 
(166,999.72) 
2,313.39 • 
(ID: T8347V-91-5) 
11.49 
(125,767.01) 
7/31 
Purchase 
CARREFOUR SUPERMARCHE !SIN FR0000120172 SEDOL 
5.500 000 
311925 
(170,089.99) 
2.356.21 • 
8/5 
5641567 (ID: F13923-90-3) 
23.174 
(128,094.28) 
7/31 
Purchase 
ACCOR SA ISIN FR0000120404 SEDOL 5852842 
4,500 000 
37.786 
(170,037.29) 
2.355.48 * 
&S 
(ID: F00189-90-6) 
28.315 
(128,054.59) 
7/31 
Purchase 
RENAULT SA MIN FR0000131906/SEDOL 4712798 
2,000.000 
78.882 
(157,763.32) 
2,185.45 * 
&5 
(ID: 759994-90-8) 
59.11 
(118,811.10) 
7/31 
Purchase 
COMPAGNIE DE SAINT-GOBAIN ISIN FR0000125007 
3,500.000 
46.374 
(162,307.25) 
2,248.39 • 
8/5 
SEDOL 7380482 (ID: FOD343-95-1) 
34.75 
(122,233.12) 
(0.01) 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Pap 37 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 40 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105148 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251332 
EFTA01449694

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449695.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LIC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Dale 
Settle Date 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount USD 
Market 
Cost USD 
Currency 
Gain/Loss USD 
Local Value 
Local Value 
Settled Securities Purchased 
7131 
Purchase 
BNP PARIBAS ISIN FR0000131104 SEDOL 7309681 
2.500 000 
64.757 
(161,893.57) 
2,242.66 • 
815 
(ID: F07875-90-3) 
4$ 5 26 
(121,921.58) 
Purchase 
FRAPORT AG ISIN 0E0005773303 SEDOL 7107551 
2,500.000 
65.171 
(162,928.24) 
8(7 
(ID: 03856U-)0-0) 
48.991 
(122,844.18) 
8112 
Purchase 
VOLKSWAGEN AG PFD ISIN DE0007664039 SEDOL 
700.000 
247.527 
(173,269.02) 
8114 
5497168 (ID: 925662-924) 
185.303 
(130,101.38) 
8/12 
Purchase 
FRAPORT AG ISIN DE0005773303 SEDOL 7107551 
2,500.000 
65.887 
(164,717.93) 
8/14 
(ID: D3556U-90-0) 
49.324 
(123,880.68) 
8/12 
Purchase 
BNP PARIBAS ISIN FR0000131104 SEDOL 7309681 
2,500.000 
66.896 
(167.235.79) 
393.81 
8/15 
(ID: F07875-90-3) 
49.854 
(125,258.43) 
8/12 
Purchase 
ACCOR SA ISIN FR0000120404 SEDOL 5852842 
4,250.000 
39.43 
(167.575.58) 
394.60 
8/15 
(ID: F00189-90-6) 
29.385 
(125,510.68) 
8/12 
Purchase 
RENAULT SA ISIN FRO000131906/SEDOL 4712796 
2,000.000 
80.053 
(160,106.91) 
377.01 
8/15 
(ID: 759994-90-8) 
59.66 
(119,916.80) 
8/12 
Purchase 
COMPAGNIE DE SAINT-GOBAIN ISIN FR0000125007 
3,250.000 
48.511 
(157,660.40) 
371.26 
8/15 
SEDOL 7380482 (ID: F8D343-95-1) 
36.153 
(118,084.41) 
8/12 
Purchase 
CARREFOUR SUPERMARCHE ISIN FR0000120172 SEDOL 
5,000.000 
31.821 
(159,105.99) 
374.66 
8/15 
5841567 (ID: F13923-90-3) 
23.715 
(119,167.88) 
8/12 
Purchase 
JC DECAUX INTERNATIONAL ISIN FR0000077919 SEDOL 
5,000.000 
33.44 
(167,200.87) 
393.72 
815 
7136663(10: F5333N-91.0) 
24921 
(125,230.03) 
&IQ 
Purchase 
AUTOGRILL SA ISIN 17000113734 SEDOL 5256206 
10,500.000 
888 
(166,823.76) 
392.83 
8116 
(ID: 78347V-91-5) 
11.85 
(124,947.58) 
Total Settled Securities Purchased (USD) 
($2,963,524.14) 
521,419.13 
J. P Morgan 
Acciot
age 38 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 41 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105149 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251333 
EFTA01449695

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449696.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period.... 
Portfolio Activity Summary - Japanese Yen 
US Dollar Value 
Local Value 
Transactions 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value 
Current 
Penod Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
— 
577 145 49 
— 
0.00 
- 
203,183 62 
740,325,030.00 
2.699.025.000.00 
Total Inflows 
OUTFLOWS
67,677,116.19 
$27.203.183.62 
710,326,000.00 
2,699,026,000.00 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
(7,525,366.46) 
(27,143 358 55) 
(740,325,003.00) 
(2,699,025.000.00) 
Total Outflows 
($7,626,366.46) 
(627,113.368.66) 
(710.326,000.00) 
(2,699,026,000.00) 
Ending Cash Balance 
0.00 
' Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis 
" Your accounts standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Page 39 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 42 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105150 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251334 
EFTA01449696

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449697.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Detail - Japanese Yen 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Local Value 
Gain Loss USD 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
7577.145 49 
740.325,000 00 
828 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY JPY SELL 
CAD CONTRACT RATE : 98.710000000 TRADE 5/23/13 
VALUE 8/28/13 (ID: 0JPYPR-AA-9) 
(7,500,000.000) 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Gain Loss USD 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Local Value 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
8/28 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY CAD SELL 
2,500,000.000 
(2,477.099.43) 
JPY CONTRACT RATE : 96.810000000 TRADE 6/1013 
(242,025,000.00) 
VALUE 828'13 00 0JPYPR-AA-9) 
8/28 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - SELL BUY CAD SELL 
5,000,000.000 
(4,750,819.52) 
(53.438 20) 
JPY EXCHANGE RATE 93.880000000 DEAL 08/23/13 
(469,400.000.00) 
VALUE 05/28/13 (ID: 0JPYPR-AA-9) 
8/28 
Spot FX 
SPOT CURRENCY TRANSACTION - SELL BUY USD SELL 
297,447.510 
(297,447.51) 
1,659.17 
JPY EXCHANGE RATE 97.160000000 DEAL 06/27/13 
(28,900.000.00) 
VALUE 08:28113 (ID 0JPYPR-AA-9) 
Total Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
($7,626,366.46) 
($51,779.03) 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 40 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 43 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105151 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251335 
EFTA01449697

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449698.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary - Pound Sterling 
US Dollar Value 
Local Value 
Transactions 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value 
Current 
Penod Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
675.378.16 
675,378.16 
0.00 
436.852.04 
436.852 04 
Total Inflows 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
$876,378.16 
3676,378.16 
134,862.04 
436,862.04 
Settled Securities Purchased 
(675,378.16) 
(675,378.16) 
(436.852.04) 
(436,852.04) 
Total Trade Activity 
(3676,378.16) 
(3676,378.16) 
(436,862.04) 
(436,862.04) 
Ending Cash Balance 
0.00 
' Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis.
Your accounts standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Page 41 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 44 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105152 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251336 
EFTA01449698

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449699.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Detail - Pound Sterling 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Gain/Loss USD 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Local Value 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
816 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
(1,730.570) 
1,730.57 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.536300000 DEAL 06/05/13 
1,128.45 
VALUE 08/08113 (ID: 0GBPPR-CV-1) 
8/8 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
(175,789.910) 
175,789.91 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.536300000 DEAL 08/05/13 
114,424.21 
VALUE 03/06/13 (ID: 0GBPPR-CV-1) 
8/14 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
(166,108.980) 
168,108.98 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.551890000 DEAL 08/09/13 
108,325.32 
VALUE 08/14/13 (ID: 0GBPPR-CV-1) 
8/15 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
(166,079.800) 
166,079.80 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.548290000 DEAL 08/12/13 
107,266.60 
VALUE 06/15/13 (ID: 0GBPPR-CV-1) 
6/15 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY GBP SELL 
(163,668.900) 
163,668.90 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 1.548290000 DEAL 06/12/13 
105,709.48 
VALUE 08115'13 (ID: 0GBPPR-CV-1) 
Total Foreign Exchange - billows 
8676.378.16 
$0.00 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 42 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 45 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105153 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251337 
EFTA01449699

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449700.pdf
----------------------------------------
t747 
TRADE ACTIVITY - Pound Sterling 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT-
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount USD 
Market 
Cost USD 
Currency 
Gain'Loss USD 
Settle Date 
Type 
Description 
Local Value 
Local Value 
Settled Securities Purchased 
8.5 
Purchase 
LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC ISIN 
1.500 000 
154 
(1.730.57) 
818 
0.745 
(1,126.45) 
as 
Purchase 
LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC !SIN 
148,500.000 
1.184 
(175,789.91) 
0.764 
(114,424.21) 
8/9 
Purchase 
A OLA HBC A I IN 
5,650.000 
29.754 
(168,108.98) 
8/14 
19.115 
(108,325.32) 
8/12 
Purchase 
LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC ISIN 
141,000.000 
1.178 
(166,079.80) 
8/15 
0.755 
(107,266.60) 
8/12 
Purchase 
COCA.COLA HBC AG ISIN 
5,650.000 
28.968 
(163,668.90) 
ans 
18.654 
(105,709.46) 
Total Settled Securities Purchased (USD) 
($676,378.16) 
$0.00 
J. P Morgan 
Accotall 
Page 43 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 46 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105154 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251338 
EFTA01449700

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449701.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary - Swiss Franc 
US Dollar Value 
Local Value 
Transactions 
Per 0 %ate 
Year-To-Oale 
Value • 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
7.016.039.56 
13,606,585.71 
0.00 
12.641566 58 
6,451,068 58 
Total Inflows 
OUTFLOWS" 
$7,016,039.66 
$13,606,686.71 
6,451,066.58 
12,641,666.68 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
(6,678,819.31) 
(13,256,846.75) 
(6,137,999.99) 
(12,328,499.99) 
Total Outflows 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
($6,676,819.31) 
($13,256,846.76) 
(6,137,999.99) 
(12,328,499.99) 
Settled Securities Purchased 
(339.220.24) 
(339,220.24) 
(313,066.58) 
(313,066.58) 
Total Trade Activity 
($339,220.24) 
($339,220.24) 
(313066.68) 
(313,066.68) 
Ending Cash Balance 
0.01 
WNW 
• Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis 
" Your accounts standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 44 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 47 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105155 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251339 
EFTA01449701

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449702.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to W31/I3 
Portfolio Activity Detail - Swiss Franc 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Gain/Loss USD 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Local Value 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
8/8 
FX Fwd Contract 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY CHF SELL 
(5,000,000.000) 
6.676.819.32 
EUR CONTRACT RATE : 1.227600000 TRADE 506/13 
6.138.000 00 
VALUE 8/08/13 (ID: OCHFPR-AA-4) 
8/14 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY CHF SELL 
(168,156.440) 
168,156.44 
USD EXCHANGE RATE .921588000 DEAL 08/09/13 
154,970.96 
VALUE 06/14/13 (ID: OCHFPR-CV-6) 
8/15 
Spot FX 
LINKED CURRENCY TRANSACTION - BUY BUY CHF SELL 
(171,083.800) 
171,063.80 
USD EXCHANGE RATE 924191000 DEAL 08/12/13 
155095.62 
VALUE 08x15'13 (ID OCHFPR-AA-4) 
Total Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
57,018039.58 
50.00 
Type 
Amount USD 
Currency 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Description 
Quantity 
Local Value 
Gain Loss USD 
Foreign Exchange - Outflows 
FX Fwd Contract 
(6,676.819.31) 
SETTLE FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACT BUY EUR SELL 
4,904,318.840 
CHF CONTRACT RATE : 1.251 550000 TRADE 5/23113 
(6,137 999 99) 
VALUE 8/08/13 (ID: OCHFPR-M-4) 
J. P. M organ 
Account W91850003 Page 45 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 48 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105156 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251340 
EFTA01449702

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449703.pdf
----------------------------------------
TRADE ACTIVITY - Swiss Franc 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. W91850003 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Amount USD 
Market 
Cost USD 
Currency 
Gain/Loss USD 
Settle Date 
Type 
Description 
Local Value 
Local Value 
Settled Securities Purchased 
829 
Purchase 
ADECCO SA-REG ISIN CH0012138605 SEDOL 7110720 
2.400.000 
70.065 
(168,156.44) 
8,14 
(ID: H00392-92-0) 
64.378 
(154.970.96) 
afI2 
Purchase 
ADECCO SA-REG ISIN CH0012138605 SEDOL 7110720 
2,500.000 
68.426 
(171,063.80) 
8,19 
(ID: H00392-92-0) 
63.049 
(158,095.62) 
Total Settled Securities Purchased (USD) 
($339,220.24) 
$0.00 
J. P Morgan 
Account W91850003 Page 46 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 49 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105157 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251341 
EFTA01449703

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449704.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449704.pdf
----------------------------------------
at- 
Ailaidda 71
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL I.I.0 ACCT. 
Settled Foreign Exchange Contracts 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Currency 
Amount 
Contract Rate 
Revaluation Rate 
Contracted Base 
Amount USD 
Revalued 
Amount USD 
Currency aL 
Settle Date 
Counter Currency 
Counter Amount 
Trade Related 
EURO 
Aug. 113 
EUR 
154,361.73 
1.327000 
1.327000 
(204.838 02) 
204,838.02 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 513 
USD 
(204.838.02) 
EURO 
Aug. 5 13 
EUR 
122,844.18 
1.326300 
1.326300 
(162,92824) 
162,928.24 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 7 13 
USD 
(162.928.24) 
POUND STERLING 
Aug.513 
GBP 
1,126.45 
1.536300 
1.538300 
(1,730.57) 
1,730.57 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 813 
USD 
(1.730.57) 
POUND STERLING 
Aug. 513 
GBP 
114,424.21 
1.536300 
1.536300 
(175,789.91) 
175,789.91 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 813 
USD 
(175.789.91) 
EURO 
Aug. 913 
EUR 
95,681.36 
1.337500 
1.338550 
(127,973.82) 
128,074.29 
100.47 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 9 13 
USD 
(127.97182) 
POUND STERLING 
Aug. 9 13 
GBP 
108325 32 
1.551890 
1.551890 
(168,108 98) 
168.108.98 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 14 13 
USD 
(168.108.98) 
SWISS FRANC 
Aug.9 13 
CHF 
154,970.96 
0.921588 
0.921588 
(168,156.44) 
168,156.44 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 14 13 
USD 
(168,158.44) 
EURO 
Aug. 12 13 
EUR 
130,101.38 
1.331800 
1.331800 
(173,269.02) 
173,269.02 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 14 13 
USD 
(173.269.02) 
EURO 
Aug. 12 13 
EUR 
123,680.68 
1.331800 
1.331800 
(164,717.93) 
164,717.93 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 1413 
USD 
(164,717.93) 
EURO 
Aug. 12 13 
EUR 
1,141,294.03 
1.332006 
1.332006 
(1.520.210.50) 
1,520,210.50 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug 15 13 
USD 
(1.520.210 50) 
POUND STERLING 
Aug. 12 13 
GBP 
107266.60 
1.548290 
1.548290 
(166,079.80) 
166,079.80 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 15 13 
USD 
(166,079.80) 
POUND STERLING 
Aug. 12 13 
GBP 
105,709.48 
1.548290 
1.548290 
(163,868.90) 
163,688.90 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 15 13 
USD 
(163,666.90) 
J. P. Morgan 
Account 
Page 47 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 50 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105158 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251342 
EFTA01449704

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449705.pdf
----------------------------------------
e 
• 
al 
.(z71 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Trade Date 
Currency 
Amount 
Contract Rate 
Revaluation Rate 
Contracted Base 
Amount USD 
Revalued 
Amount USD 
Currency G/L 
Settle Date Counter Currency 
Counter Amount 
Wade Related 
SWISS FRANC 
Aug. 12 13 
CHF 
158,095.62 
0.924191 
0.924191 
(171,063.80) 
171.063.80 
U S DOLLAR 
Aug. 15 13 
USD 
(171,063.80) 
JAPANESE YEN 
Aug. 27 13 
JPY 
(28,900800.00) 
97.160000 
97.705001 
297,447.51 
(295,788.34) 
1,859.17 
U 3 DOLLAR 
Aug. 28 13 
USD 
297,447.51 
Speculative 
SWISS FRANC 
May. 6 13 
CHF 
6,138,000.00 
1.227600 
1.224678 
(6,692,749.93) 
6,676,819.32 
(15,930.61) 
EURO 
Aug. 813 
EUR 
(5,000.000.00) 
SWISS FRANC 
May. 23 13 
CHF 
(6,137,999.99) 
1.251550 
1.272930 
6.564.675.64 
(6,676.819.31) 
(112,143.67) 
EURO 
Aug. 813 
EUR 
4,904,318.64 
CANADIAN DOLLAR 
May. 23 13 
CAD 
(7,500,000.00) 
98.710000 
104827638 
7,577,145.49 
(7,134.950.74) 
442,194.75 
JAPANESE YEN 
Aug. 28 13 
JPY 
740,325,000.00 
CANADIAN DOLLAR 
Jun. 1013 
CAD 
2,500,000.00 
96.810000 
0.009942 
(2,477.099.43) 
2,384,131.22 
(92,988.21) 
JAPANESE YEN 
Aug. 2813 
JPY 
(242,025,000.00) 
CANADIAN DOLLAR 
Aug. 23 13 
CAD 
5,000,000.00 
93.880000 
0.010533 
(4,804,257.72) 
4,750,819.52 
(53,438.20) 
JAPANESE YEN 
Aug. 2813 
JPY 
(489.400,000.00) 
J.YMorgan 
Account 
Page 48 of 48 
Consolidated Statement Page 51 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105159 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251343 
EFTA01449705

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449706.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 11
111” 
For the Period 
to 
. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
270 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10017-2014 
Derivatives Account 
J.P. Morgan Team 
Justin Nelson 
Banker 
Janet Young 
Client Service Team 
Gina Magliocco 
Client Service Team 
Jason Grosse 
Client Service Team 
Online access 
wwwipmorganonline.com 
No market value or activity to report during this period 
Please see disclosures located at the end of this statement package for important information relating to each J.P.Morgan account(s). 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 1 of 1 
Consolidated Statement Page 52 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105160 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251344 
EFTA01449706

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449707.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT.= 
For the Period 8/1/13 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
270 Park Avenue, New York, NV 10017-2014 
Asset Account 
J.P. Morgan Team 
Table of Contents 
Page 
Justin Nelson 
Banker 
Account Summary 
Paul Barrett 
Investment Specialist 
Holdings 
Janet Young 
Client Service Team 
Equity 
Gina Magliocco 
Client Service Team 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Jason Grosse 
Online access 
Client Service Team 
wwwipmorganonline.com 
Portfolio Activity 
Please see disclosures located at the end of this statement package for important information relating to each J.P. Morgan account(s). 
J. P. M organ 
Accoa'age 
of IC 
Consolidated Statement Page 53 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105162 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251346 
EFTA01449707

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449708.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8131/13 
Account Summary 
Asset Allocation 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Estimated 
Current 
Asset Allocation 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Annual Income Allocation 
Equity 
9.686.188.09 
9,022.109 60 
(664,078 49) 
914,048.94 
39% 
Cash & Fixed Income 
14,282.061.07 
14,642D51 99 
359.990 92 
1,444.30 
61% 
Market Value 
$23,968,249.16 
$23,664,161.59 
($304,087.57) 
5915,493.24 
100% 
Accruals 
123.25 
123.36 
0.11 
Market Value with Accruals 
$23,968,372.41 
523,664,284.95 
($304,087.46) 
Portfolio Activity 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Beginning Market Value 
23,968,249.16 
0.00 
Contributions 
12,503.42 
13,943.103.97 
Withdrawals & Fees 
(19.648.44) 
Securities Transferred In 
8,313.261 08 
Net Contributions/Withdrawals 
$12,500.42 
$22,236,716.61 
Income & Distributions 
347,490.49 
517.657 89 
Change In Investment Value 
(664,078.48) 
909.787.09 
Ending Market Value 
$23,664,161.69 
$23,664,161.69 
Accruals 
123.36 
123.36 
Market Value with Accruals 
$23,664,284.95 
923,664,284.95 
J. P Morgan 
[ash & 
Find Income 
Equity 
Account 
Page 2 of 10 
Consolidated Statement Page 54 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105163 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251347 
EFTA01449708

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449709.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Account Summary 
CONTINUED 
Income Summary 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Current 
Year-to-Date 
Period Value 
Value 
Domestic Dividends Distributions 
5.45 
14,818.46 
ST Realized Gain:Loss 
1,902 00 
Foreign Dividends 
480.74 
Realized Gain/Loss 
51,902.00 
Currency Gain. Loss 
4.528 25 
Interest Income 
117.80 
463 71 
Income 
$123.26 
520,291.16 
To-Date Value 
Partnership:Alt Asset Distributions 
347.367 24 
497.366 73 
Unrealized Gain/Loss 
51.681.673.18 
Other Income 8 Receipts 
$347,367.24 
$497,366.73 
Cost Summary 
Cost 
Equity 
Cash 8 Fixed Income 
4,999,983 00 
14,642,052 04 
Total 
519,642.03804 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 3 of 10 
Consolidated Statement Page 55 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105164 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251348 
EFTA01449709

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449710.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT 
For the Period 811/13 to 8131/13 
Equity Summary 
Asset Categories 
US Large Cap Equity 
2,558,139.69 
2,249,739.09 
(308.400.60) 
10% 
US Small Cap Equity 
7,031.555.04 
6,681556.23 
(349.998.81) 
28% 
Non-US Equity 
96,493.36 
90,814 28 
(5.679 08) 
1% 
Total Value 
$9,686,188.09 
39,022,109.60 
(3664,078.49) 
39% 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Current 
Asset Categories 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Allocation 
Market Value/Cost 
Current 
Period Value 
Market Value 
9.022.109 60 
Cost 
4.999.983.00 
Unrealized Gerrit Loss 
1.681.573 23 
Estimated Annual Income 
914,048 94 
Yield 
13% 
J.P Morgan 
Non.US Equity 
US Small Cap Equity 
US Largo Cap &awry 
Equity as a percentage of your portfolio - 39 % 
Accoui 
Page 4 of 10 
Consolidated Statement Page 56 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105165 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251349 
EFTA01449710

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449711.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Note: 
" Unrealized Gain/Loss is shown as "N/A" In cases where we do not have appropriate cost information for all tax lots comprising the position. Please contact your J.P. Morgan team for additanal 
Information. 
Equity Detail 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Gain/Loss 
Est. Annual Inc. 
Yield 
Original Cost 
Accrued Div. 
US Large Cap Equity 
ASCENA RETAIL GROUP INC 
16.32 
70,500.000 
1,150,560.00 
NA " 
N/A 
COM 
E & CO 
50.53 
21,753.000 
1,099,179.09 
" 
N/A 
33,064.56 
01% 
Total US Large Cap Equity 
52.249.739.09 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$33,064.66 
1.47% 
US Small Cap Equity 
APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT LLC 
25.39 
263,157.000 
6,681,556.23 
4,999,983.00 
1,681,573.23 
878,944.38 
13.15% 
Non-US Equity 
BOMBARDIER INC 
4.54 
20,000.000 
90,814.28 
NIA " 
N/A 
2,040.00 
2.25% 
CL 8 
J.PM organ 
Accoun 
Page 5 of IC 
Consolidated Statement Page 57 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01449711

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449712.pdf
----------------------------------------
• di tatigr797 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL TLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 851/13 
Cash & Fixed Income Summary 
Asset Categories 
Cash 
14282.060.86 
14,642O51.77 
359,990.91 
60% 
Non-USD Cash 
0.21 
0.22 
0.01 
1% 
Total Value 
514,282,061.07 
514,642,051.99 
5359,990.92 
61% 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Current 
Asset Categories 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Allocation 
Market Value/Cost 
Current 
Penod Value 
Market Value 
14,642051.99 
Cost 
14,642,052.04 
Unrealized Gain/Loss 
(0.05) 
Estimated Annual Income 
1,444.30 
Accrued Interest 
123.36 
Yield 
SUMMARY BY MATURITY 
SUMMARY BY TYPE 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Non-USO Cosh 
Cast, 
Cash & Fixed Income as a percentage of your portfolio - 61 % 
Market 
% of Bond 
Market 
% of Bond 
Value 
Portfolio 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Value 
Portfolio 
0-6 months' 
14.642.051 99 
100% 
Cash 
NON USD Cash 
The years indicate the number of years until the bond is scheduled to mature 
based on the statement end date. Some bonds may be called. or paid in full, 
before their stated maturity.
J.P Morgan 
14.642.051 77 
022 
99% 
1% 
Total Value 
$14,642,051.99 
100% 
Account 
Page 6 of 10 
Consolidated Statement Page 58 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105167 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251351 
EFTA01449712

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449713.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31113 
Note 
' This is the Annual Percentage Yield (APY) which is the rate earned if balances remain on deposit for a full year with compounding there is no change in the interest rate and all interest 
is left in the account 
Cash & Fixed Income Detail 
Price 
Quantity 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Gain:Loss 
Est. Annual Income 
Yield 
Original Cost 
Accrued Interest 
('ash 
US DOLLAR 
1.00 
14.443.015 15 
14,443,015.15 
14,443,015.15 
1,444 30 
01% ' 
118 22 
JPM PRIME MM FD - INSTL 
1.00 
199,036.62 
199036.62 
199,036.62 
FUND 829 
14 
7-Day Annualized Yield: 
.03% 
Total Cash 
314.642.051.77 
314,642,051.77 
$0.00 
$1,444.30 
0.01% 
$123.36 
Non-USD Cash 
POUND STERLING 
1.55 
14 
22 
0.27 
(0.05) 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Page 7 of IC 
Consolidated Statement Page 59 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105168 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251352 
EFTA01449713

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449714.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 1/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary - U S Dollar 
Transactions 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value 
Current 
Securities Transferred In/Out 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value-
Beginning Cash Balance 
14,083.024.24 
Securities Transferred In 
8.313,261 08 
INFLOWS 
Income 
347.490.49 
513,129.64 
Contributions 
12,500.42 
13,943,103.70 
Foreign Exchange - Inflows 
4.528 25 
Total Inflows 
S359,990.91 
S14,460,761.69 
OUTFLOWS — 
Withdrawals 
(19.528 25) 
Tax Payments 
(120.19) 
Total Outflows 
$0.00 
($19,648.44) 
TRADE ACTIVITY 
Settled SalesMaturitiesRedemptions 
801.902.00 
Settled Securities Purchased 
(800.000 00) 
Total Trade Activity 
$0.00 
$1,902.00 
Ending Cash Balance 
$14,443,015.15 
• Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis. 
• Your account's standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 8 of 10 
Consolidated Statement Page 60 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105169 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251353 
EFTA01449714

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449715.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to W31/13 
Portfolio Activity Detail - U S Dollar 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Description 
Quantity 
Per Unit 
Cost 
Amount 
Amount 
Income 
8/1 
Div Dourest 
JPM PRIME MM FD - INSTL FUND 829 FOR JUL @ 
VARIOUS RATES FROM 0.0000645% TO 0.0001090% 
(ID: 4812A2-60-3) 
199,053.620 
5.45 
8/1 
Interest Income 
DEPOSIT SWEEP INTEREST FOR 07/01/13 - 07/31/13 
@ .01% RATE ON AVG COLLECTED BALANCE OF 
St 4.072.232 64 AS OF otoin3 
117.80 
8/30 
Padn'p/Oth Dist 
APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT LLC la 1.32 PER SHARE 
(ID 037612-30-6) 
263,157.000 
1.32 
347,367.24 
Total Income 
8347,490.49 
Type 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Description 
Quantity
Cost 
Amount 
Contributions 
8/8 
Misc Receipt 
INTERNAL TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
254.22 
8.(8 
Misc Credit 
FEDWIRE CREDIT VIA: THE BANK OF NEWYORK 
MELLON/021000018 6/0: 126859 NEWYORK. NY 10286 
REF: CHASE NYC./CTFUBBK=SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
ST THOMAS VI 00802-/AC-030000032920 
BNF=SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC/AC-ACCTCHASUS33 
RF B= 1099108 OBIMAD: 080881081540004508 TRN: 
3878309220FF 
J. P. M organ 
12,158.71 
Account 
Page 9 of IC 
Consolidated Statement Page 61 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105170 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251354 
EFTA01449715

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449716.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Type 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Descnption 
Quantity 
(Cost 
Amount 
Contributions 
8/28 
Misc Credit 
BOOK TRANSFER CREDIT 8/0: J P MORGAN CLEARING 
CORP BROOKLYN NY 11245-0003 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC OGB: JPMCLEARING CORP 
METROTECH CENTER REF: SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
S28 
Misc Receipt 
AS REQUESTED 
33.49 
54.00 
Total Contributions 
J. P Morgan 
$12,500.42 
Account 
Page 10 of 10 
Consolidated Statement Page 62 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105171 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251355 
EFTA01449716

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449717.pdf
----------------------------------------
.I.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period 
to 
Margin Account 
.I.P. Morgan Team 
Table of Contents 
Page 
Justin Nelson 
Banker 
Account Summary 
Paul Barrett 
Investment Specialist 
Holdings 
Janet Young 
Client Service Team 
Cash 8 Fixed Income 
Gina Magliocco 
Client Service Team 
Portfolio Activity 
Jason Grosse 
Online access 
Client Service Team 
www.jpmorganonline.com 
Tr n 
i n 
fared and carried through J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. - Three Chase Metrotech Center. Brooklyn. NY 11245-0001. 
Please see disclosures located at the end of this statement package for important information relating to each J P Morgan account(s) 
J. P. M organ 
Account 'age 
of 5 
Consolidated Statement Page 63 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105172 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251356 
EFTA01449717

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449718.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
ACCT.
For the Period 8/1/13 to W31/13 
Account Summary 
MARGIN 
\sset kllocation 
Cash 
Margin 
Short 
Total 
Estimated 
Current 
Market Value 
Market Value 
Market Value 
Market Value Annual Income Allocation 
Cash a 
rrt 
J. P. M organ 
00 
00 
00 
0.00 
Investment Objectives 
Speculation Permitted 
Income Generation 
Yes 
Yes 
Account 
Page 2 of 5 
Consolidated Statement Page 64 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 105173 
SDNY_GM_00251357 
EFTA01449718

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449719.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449719.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period 
to
Cash & Fixed Income Summary 
Asset Categories 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Current 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Allocation 
Cash 
33.49 
0.00 
(33.49) 
Cash & Fixed Income Detail 
Price 
Quantity
Account 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Est. Annual Income 
Original Cost 
Gain'Loss 
Accrued Interest 
Yield 
Cash 
US DOLLAR 
US DOLLAR 
I 00 
3349 
33.49 
33.49 
Cash 
00 
(33.49) 
(33 49) 
(33.49) 
Margin 
Total Cash 
$0.00 
J. P Morgan 
$0.00 
$0.00 
$0.00 
0.00% 
Account ego 
of 5 
Consolidated Statement Page 65 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105174 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251358 
EFTA01449719

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449720.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
For the Period $11113 to $131113 
Portfolio Activity Summary 
TrallS3C1101IS 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
Contributions 
33.49 
30.033 49 
Total Inflows 
OUTFLOWS" 
Wthdra‘vals 
$0.00 
(33 49) 
$30,033.49 
(30.033 49) 
Total Outflows 
($33.49) 
($30,033.49) 
Ending Cash Balance 
WOO 
' Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis 
" Your account's standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P. M organ 
Account 
Page 4 of 5 
Consolidated Statement Page 66 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105175 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251359 
EFTA01449720

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449721.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
ACCT.
For the Period 8/1/13 to W31/13 
Portfolio Activity Detail 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Description 
Quantity
Cost 
Amount 
Withdrawals 
8.26 
Misc Disbursement 
MDAN CB963893 FNDS WIRED TO SUB-ACCOUNT: MGN 
J. P. M organ 
(33.49) 
Account 
Page 5 of 5 
Consolidated Statement Page 67 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105176 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251360 
EFTA01449721

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449722.pdf
----------------------------------------
THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105177 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251361 
EFTA01449722

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449723.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to WM3 
For your convenience we have combined statemeM(s) for activity you conduct through J.P. Morgan in one package. Below are important disclosures relating to these different accounts. 
These statements may relate to various account types. Some of the disclosures are applicable to all of your accounts. For ease of reference the disclosures applicable to a particular type 
of account have been grouped together by descriptive headers. 
IMPORTANT GENERAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE TO ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNT(S) 
Important Information about Pricing ,Valuations, Estimated Annual Income, and Estimated Yield 
Market value information (including without limitation. prices. exchange rates, accrued income and bond ratings) furnished herein, some of which has been provided by pricing sources that J.P. Morgan 
believes to be reliable, is not guaranteed for accuracy but provided for informational purposes and is furnished for the exclusive use of the client. 
The current price is the value of the financial asset share, unit or contract as priced at the close of the market on the last day of the statement period or the last available price. All values provided for 
structured yield deposits (for example, JPMorgan London Time Deposits) reflect the original deposit amount only. The value for Real Estate. Mineral Interests and Miscellaneous Assets may not reflect 
the most current value of the asset. 
Important information regarding Auction Rate Securities (ARS). ARS are debt or preferred securities with an interest or dividend rate reset periodically in an auction. Although there may be daily. weeldy 
and monthly resets. there is no guarantee that there will be liquidity. If there are not enough bids at an auction to redeem the securities available for sale, the result may be a failed auction. In the event 
of a failed auction, there is no assurance that a secondary market will develop or that the security will trade at par or any other price reflected on statements and online. Accordingly, investors should not 
rely on pricing information appearing in their statements or online with respect to ARS. When J.P. Morgan is unable to obtain a price from an internal or outside source for a particular ARS. the price 
column on your statement will indicate "unpriced". 
Valuations of over-the-counter derivative transactions, including certain derivatives-related deposit products, have been prepared on a mid-market basis. These valuations are sourced from the various 
issuers of the securities or they are sourced from a third party valuation provider. J.P. Morgan expressly disclaims any responsibility for (1) the accuracy of the models or estimates used in deriving the 
valuations, (2) any errors or omissions in computing or disseminating the valuations, and (3) any uses to which the valuations are put. Valuations are provided for information purposes only and are 
intended solely for your own use. Please refer to the trade confirmation for details of each transaction. 
Certain assets, including but not limited to, pooled and private investments, non-publicly traded and infrequently traded securities, derivatives, partnership interests and tangible assets are generally 
illiquid. the value of such asset may have been provided to us by third parties who may or may not be independent of the issuer or manager. Such information is reflected as of the last date provided to 
us. and is not independently verified. 
In cases where we are unable to obtain a current market value from an internal or outside source for a particular security, the price column on your statement will indicate "unpriceer. Although such 
securities may have value. please note that the value of a security indicated as "unpriced" will not be included in your overall current market value as reflected on the statement. 
J.P. Morgan makes no representation, warranty or guarantee, express or implied, that any quoted value represents the actual terms at which securities could be bought or sold or new transactions could 
be entered into, or the actual terms on which existing transactions or securities could be liquidated. Such values may only be indicative. 
Wien we are unable to obtain a current value from an internal or outside source for a particular security, the price column on your statement will indicate "unpriced". 
If a partial call is made with respect to an issue of securities included in your Accounts we will allocate the call by a method we deem fair and equitable. 
To the extent applicable, please note the following regarding estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated yield (EY): EAI and EY for certain types of securities could include a return of principal or 
capital gains in which case the EAI and EY would be overstated. EAI and EY are estimates and the actual income and yield might be lower or higher than the estimated amounts. EY reflects only the 
income generated by an investment. It does not reflect changes in its price, which may fluctuate. 
Offshore Deposits - London and Nassau 
J. P. M organ 
Disclosures Page 1 of 5 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105178 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251362 
EFTA01449723

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449724.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Deposits in Foreign Branches are not insured by the FDIC or any other Agency of the Federal Government; amounts in such foreign accounts do not have the benefit of any domestic 
preference applicable to U.S Banks: certain Foreign accounts are considered reportable to the Internal Revenue Service on a Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (TD F 
90.22.1). 
Bank products and services are offered through JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("JPMCB") and its banking affiliates. Securities are offered by J.P.Morgan Securities LLC ("JPMS") and, to the extent 
noted below. cleared through J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. r JPMCC'). 
Neither JPMS, nor JPMCC is a bank and are each separate legal entities from its bank or thrift affiliates. 
Investment Products: Not FDIC Insured 
-No Bank Guarantee 
-May Lose Value 
Fund manager disclosure information available upon request 
If you have an investment account that is managed by an SEC-Registered Investment Advisor, J.P. Morgan will provide a copy of the advisors Form ADV II or brochure upon written request. 
These statements are not official documents for income tax reporting purposes and should not be relied upon for such purposes, including determination of income, cost basis, amortization or accretion, 
or gain:loss. Such information, which may be inaccurate, incomplete or subject to updating, should be confirmed with your records and your tax advisor. 
Please take the steps indicated below if you think statement(s) are incorrect or contact your J.P.Morgan team if you require additional information about a transaction on your 
statement(s). 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE ONLY TO YOUR ASSET ACCOUNT(S) (LINKED TO JPMS) 
Your Asset Account consists of a bank account that custodies assets linked to a brokerage account through which securities transactions are executed. As a result, the Asset Account statement(s) reflect 
brokerage transactions executed through JPMS but (except for exchange listed options) held in custody at JPMCB. Securities purchased or sold through JPMS in U.S. markets (other then mutual 
funds) are cleared through an affiliate of JPMS, in non-U.S. markets securities are cleared through JPMS. Positions in exchange-listed options are held by JPMCC. For your convenience, however, 
positions in exchange-listed options are presented in Asset Account statement(s) together with other assets held in such account(s). All pertinent information about your settled and pending purchases 
and sales effected through your JPMS account during the period covered by these statement(s), is summarized in the "Trade Activity" portion of the statement(s). 
In Case of Other Errors or Questions About Your Asset Account Statement(s) 
Please review your statement(s) and promptly report any inaccuracy or discrepancy including possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, unaccounted cash positions. 
improper payments or transfers In writing to both the introducing broker. JPMS and the clearing firm. JPMCC at the addresses shown on your statement(s). Any oral communication should be 
re-confirmed in writing to further protect your rights, including your rights under the Securities Investor Protection Act (SIPA). If you have any questions please contact your J.P.Morgan team. 
In your written communication, please provide the following information: (1) your name and account number; (2) the dollar amount of the suspected error: and (3) a description of the error and 
explanation, if you can, why you believe there is an error. If you need more information, you must describe the item you are unsure about. VVe must receive your written communication no later than 30 
days after the statement on which the error or problem appeared is sent or made avaiable. If you do not so notify us. you agree that the statement activity and account balance(s) are correct. 
JPMCC and JPMS are members of the Securities Investor Protection Corp ("SIPC"), a not-for-profit membership corporation funded by broker-dealers registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Securities and cash held for a customer at JPMCC are protected by SIPC up to S500,000 per customer, which includes up to 5250,000 of protection for cash. SIPC does not protect 
against losses from fluctuations in the value of the securities. Assets held In custody by JPMCB are not subject to SIPC. You may obtain Information about SIPC, including the SIPC Brochure, on their 
website. at "wvnv.sipc.org- or by contacting them at (202) 371.8300. 
In Case of Errors or Questions About Your Electronic Transfers. 
J. P. M organ 
Disclosures Page 2 of 5 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105179 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251363 
EFTA01449724

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449725.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to S/31/13 
Contact your J.P. Morgan Team at one of the telephone numbers on the front of your statements or write us at J.P. Morgan, 500 Stanton Christiana Road, 1/OPS3, Newark. DE 19713-2107 as soon as 
you can, if you think your statement iswrong or if you need more information about a transfer on the statement. VVe must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on 
which the error or problem appeared. (1) Tell us your name and account number. (2) Describe the error or the transfer you are unsure about, and explain as dearly as you can why you believe it is an 
error or why you need more information. (3) Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error. VVe will investigate your complaint and will correct any error promptly. If we take more than 10 business 
days (or 20 business days for new accounts) to do this. we will credit your account for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have the use of the money during the time it takes us to complete 
our investigation. 
In Case of Errors or Questions About Non-Electronic Transfers (Checks or Deposits) 
Contact JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("JPMCB") Member FDIC immediately if a statement is incorrect or if you need more information about any non-electronic transactions (checks or deposits) on this 
statement. If any such error appears, you must notify the bank in writing as soon as possible after your statement was made available to you. For more complete details, see the applicable account 
agreements and appendices that govern your account. 
Deposit products and services are offered by JPMCB Member FOIC. 
You must promptly advise your J.P.Morgan representative of material changes in your investment objectives or financial situation or if you wish to modify the management of your account. Unless you 
inform otherwise, your J.P.Morgan representative will consider the information currentfy in its files to be complete and accurate. 
Wth reference to JPMS and JPMCC: A financial statement of this organization is available to you for personal inspection at its offices, or a copy win be mailed to you upon written request. 
You should have received (or have made available to you) separate confirmations for each securities transaction. All transactions are subject to the terms and conditions stated on the reverse side of 
such confirmations and are subject to the constitution, by-laws. customs and interpretations of the marketplace where executed and govemed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of New York and all applicable federal laws and regulations. Further information with respect to commissions and other charges related to the execution of transactions. including options transactions, 
has been included in confirmations that were previously furnished or have made available to you. Upon written request, JPMS will promptly supply you with the latest information. 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE ONLY TO YOUR MARGIN ACCOUNT(S) 
All positions in your Margin Account Portfolio(s) are held in custody at J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. ("JPMCC"), Three Chase Metrotech Center. Brooklyn. NY 11245-001. (347) 643-2678. 
If you have a margin account as permitted by law we may use certain securities in such account for, among other things. settling short sales and lending the securities for short sales, and as a result may 
receive compensation in connection therewith. 
Please keep the following in mind when using a statement to track your brokerage activity in a margin account: The statement combines your general margin account with the special memorandum 
account required by Section 220.6 Regulation T. As required by Regulation T, a permanent record of your separate account es available upon your request. 
Free credit balances in your margin account(s) are not segregated and may be used in the operation of JPMCCs business, subject to the limitations of SEC Rule 15c3-3. Unless othehvise noted. JPMCC 
or its agents and depositories will hold your securities. Upon your demand. JPMCC will pay to you the amount of your free credit balance, and will deliver to you fully-paid securities held on your behalf. 
Interest will be charged on any debit balance: the method of calculating interest is described in a letter sent to all margin customers. 
PRODUCT RELATED DISCLOSURE: IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS: FOOTNOTES 1 -4 
Private Equity. Hedge Funds, Exchange Funds. Real Estate and Other Alternative Assets 
1. Direct private equity investments and pooled private investments (e.g., interests in limited partnerships and limited lability companies) are generally illiquid securities. Values are estimates only and 
are not warranted for accuracy or completeness. Values do not represent the actual terms at which transactions or securities could be bought or sold or new transactions could be entered into or the 
actual terms on which existing transactions could be liquidated as of the date of this statement. 
J. P. M organ 
Disclosures Page 3 of 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105180 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251364 
EFTA01449725

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449726.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fur the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Direct private equity investments are generally valued at cost, unless there is an active secondary trading market in the securities, in which case, direct private equity investments are valued using market 
prices as of the close of the last business day for this statement period. Pooled private equity investments are valued according to the General Partners or Managers stated methodology. Please refer 
to the limited partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement or other operative documentation for each investment for the specific valuation methodology used by the General Partner or 
Manager for that investment or for your Investment Management or Trust account contact your J.P. Morgan team. J.P. Morgan expressly disclaims any responsibility for (1) the accuracy of the 
information and the methodology used by the General Partner or Manager in deriving valuations, (2) any errors or omissions in compiling or disseminating the valuations, and (3) any use to which the 
valuations are put. Valuations are provided for information purposes only and are intended solely for your own use. 
Hedge funds generally calculate the price (the "Net Asset Value" or " NAV), 10-15 business days following the last business day of the month. For that reason, hedge fund NAVs shown will generally be 
the NAV of the month preceding this statement period. In general, the NAV is stated net of management and incentive fees. The NAV is calculated according to the General Partners or Manager's 
stated methodology. Please refer to the limited partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement or other operative documentation for each hedge fund for the specific methodology used by 
the General Partner or Manager for that hedge fund or for your Investment Management or Trust account contact your J.P. Morgan team. J.P. Morgan expressly disclaims any responsibility for (1) the 
accuracy of the information and the methodology used by the General Partner or Manager in deriving valuations. (2) any errors or omissions in compiling or disseminating the valuations, and (3) any use 
to which the valuations are put. Valuations are provided for information purposes only and are intended solely for your own use. 
These statements do not provide tax reporting on private investments. Please continue to rely upon the General Partner or Manager of the investment vehicle for this information or for your Investment 
Management or Trust account contact your J.P. Morgan team. 
2. The 'Capital Called Since Inception USD' and 'Cash/Security distributions Since Inception USD' columns are updated monthly to reflect activity (capital calls and distributions), if any. 
3. Hedge funds generally allow subscriptions on a monthly or quarterly basis. An interest in a hedge fund or hedge fund of funds is generally as of the first business day of the subscription period. Due 
to early funding requirements by the applicable fund, your account may be debited for the subscription amount prior to the subscription date. Please refer to the applicable hedge fund's operative 
documentation for further details or for your Investment Management or Trust account contact your J.P. Morgan team. 
Hedge fund redemptions are generally on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis but can sometimes be subject to a multi-year lockup before a redemption is permitted. For redemptions, there is generally 
a notification period that can be a long interval before the actual redemption date. Redemption proceeds are generally paid 15 calendar days after the final NAV is issued, but can be subject to a 
holdback of a portion of the proceeds until an annual audit of the Fund has been completed. Please refer to the applicable hedge fund's operative documentation for further details or for your Investment 
Management or Trust account contact your J.P. Morgan team. 
Global Access Portfolios share certain charactenstics with hedge funds. In particular, an investor who withdraws from a Global Access Portfolio will not receive the withdrawal proceeds In their entirety 
until 30-60 days after completion of the Portfolio's audit, which may be 18 months or longer after the redemption date. Interest might not be paid on any proceeds pending distribution. These restrictions 
apply even if the investor's account at JPMorgan is closed. The Confidential Private Placement Memorandum and applicable Supplements contain other important information about the Global Access 
Portfolios and are available upon request or for your Investment Management or Trust account contact your J.P. Morgan team. 
4. Alternative assets may include publicly available mutual funds that utilize non-traditional investment management strategies, for example, strategies commonly employed by hedge funds. Mutual 
funds generally calculate the price (the "Net Asset Value" or "NAV') on a daily basis and mutual fund NAVs shown on your statement generally will be the NAV as of the close of the last business day for 
this statement period. Please refer to the applicable mutual fund prospectus for further details. If the applicable mutual fund is a JPMorgan Fund. please refer to disclosures on this statement concerning 
JPMorgan Funds for other important information. 
PRODUCT RELATED DISCLOSURE: THE JPMORGAN FUNDS OR THIRD PARTIES 
Shares of the funds referenced above are not bank deposits and are not guaranteed by any bank, government entity, or the FDIC. Return and share price will fluctuate and redemption value may be 
more or less than original cost. While the money market funds seek to maintain a stable net asset value of $1.00 per share, there is no assurance that they will continue to do so. The estimated annual 
income and dividend yield figures for mutual funds represent the funds most recent income dividend annualized. 
J. P. M organ 
Disclosures Page 4 of 5 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105181 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251365 
EFTA01449726

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449727.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Prospectuses and other fund information for JPMorgan funds may be obtained by calling your J.P. Morgan team or JPMorgan Distribution Services. Inc at 
You also may view and 
order materials online for JPMorgan funds at www.jpmorganfunds.com. 
J.P. Morgan affiliates may receive compensation from the JPMorgan funds for providing investment advisory services to the funds. J.P. Morgan affiliates may also provide administratwe, custodial. 
sales, distribution, shareholder or other services to the JPMorgan Funds or funds established, sponsored, advised, or managed by third parties, and J.P. Morgan affiliates may be compensated for such 
services as allowed by applicable law. The distributor of the JPMorgan Funds is JPMorgan Distribution Services, Inc,. which is an affiliate of JPMCB. 
Assets may be reflected herein even though they may be held by a third party unaffiliated with J.P. Morgan. In such cases, unless J.P. Morgan otherwise agrees, J.P. Morgan has no responsibility for 
the verification, valuation, safekeeping or management of those assets. 
JPMorgan 
Disclosures Page 5 of 5 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105182 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251366 
EFTA01449727

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449728.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105183 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251367 
EFTA01449728

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449729.pdf
----------------------------------------
if 
•Ar diastAgia 
JPMorgan Chase Bank. N A. 
P O Box 6076 
Newark. DE 19714 -6076 
111.1.111.11..1.11lllll I
I 
II 
I 
II lrr l lrrllrl I 
I 
00001030 DP1802 161 24313 NNNNNNNNNNN P 1 000000000 D10000 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
6100 RED HOOK GIRS STE B3 
ST THOMAS VI 00802-1348 
JPMorgan Classic Business Checking 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/30/13 
J.P. Morgan Team 
Janet Young 
Gina Magliocco 
For assistance after business hours, 7 days a week. 
Deaf and Hard of Hearing 
Online access: vAvw.morganonline.com 
Checking Account Summary 
Instances 
Amount 
Beginning Balance 
330,496.05 
Checks Paid 
(175.00) 
Ending Balance 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
Deposa Account Agreement Update 
$330,321.05 
J.P Morgan 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 1 of 4 
DB-SDNY-0 105184 
SDNY_GM_00251368 
EFTA01449729

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449730.pdf
----------------------------------------
A fiadAa... 
000000478137727 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
We will update Section H in our Deposit Account Agreement titled Closing Your Account. 
Effective July 21, 2013. If you have pending transactions on your account, 
or are overdrawn, we may not immediately close the account. However, if you ask us, 
we will restrict additional withdrawals from your account, other than the pending 
transactions. We will not pay any interest on the account after we have restricted 
your account. 
This change will be reflected in your account agreement: all other terms remain the same. 
If you have questions, please call us at the telephone number listed on this account 
statement or visit the nearest Chase branch. 
Checks Paid 
Primary Account: 000000478137727 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/30/13 
Check 
Date 
Number 
Paid 
Amount 
1003 
08108 
175 00 
Total Checks Paid 
Yon can view images ofthe checks abow at MorganOnline.cont. To Enroll in Morgan Online, please contact pourJ.P. Morgan Team. 
Daily Ending Balance 
Date 
08/08 
(S175.00) 
Amount 
Fees and Charges for Deposit Accounts 
Fees 
Description 
Volume 
Allowed 
Excess 
Unit Price 
Fees 
000000478137727 
Monthly Service Fee 
00 
0.00 
0.00 
Check / Debit Posted 
1.00 
500 
0.20 
0.00 
Total Fees 
50.00 
330,321.05 
JP Morgan 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 2 of 4 
DB-SDNY-0 105185 
SDNY_GM_00251369 
EFTA01449730

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449731.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449731.pdf
----------------------------------------
Primary Account 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8130/13 
JPMorgan Classic Business Checking 
000000478137727 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
JLP3bigara 
0011114!"...1101C01,1LC 
= 
nvonntiosaes 
s -nu
0e err krehr 
Orb 
*MC 
111,10 
se. 
lirerreirree 
MONO. 
%et lllll 
AUG 08 N0000001003 $175.00 
1003 1
H 
Please note that you can view your historical check images online and easily enroll in eDelivery by going to NNW MorganOnline com. 
J.13. Morgan 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 3 of 4 
DB-SDNY-0 105186 
SDNY_GM_00251370 
EFTA01449731

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449732.pdf
----------------------------------------
ark disitilt 
Primary Account: 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/30/13 
Important Information About Your Statement 
In (inc of f: trot, or Question. About Your Electronic Funds Transfers 
Call .s wide to the lath %sou/nets inesSI ate the tante number and itabow at frail of astanent and noriseveratieis then I P kla eon team on tat [tins,: 
o t 
tots tank e • su ,::femora • t rceopt a melt rect. t 
information altect en do:trona trans.w-nai an t statuasa oa taampt We rain taw tarn you no law thin ea do a atee we scot you the Elks f siataziert en a le eh the as a a footeem 4vocaor 
• 
Eck us eseue lane ad acacit nunaxr 
• 
Ihratte the ant et the enunta sou tee lu,uze efr10. pal emilam as daily a your an why 
net 
• 
Teel us the Q lla =OW of the suggested ma 
an am, or tan' eO11 newt mote infornation 
We will invesagae you rionidaine rat well arras any ma footway. If we take irate than lu busiszcss days tor 
business days (cc new secountai to do eta. we will ere& n.r account for the amount you dunk is M moo so teat you will taw use 
of the meaty du:eh:the omen takes to to wander out invosta,shen 
In Case of Errors or Questions About Non-Electronic Transfers (('becks or Deposits): 
t %wool the lag/ graiwisterty if your nuances inaawt or if you need mote infainaion about a/lynx's:lector& treancoom (dials or &IsmaelI on this nutemag If ony such one apnoea. )ati must notify the bask in voila as soon as 
possible after the stattniall wens Ira& inlet:elle ro was Fer one amµlctc details. sa the applicable wawa atexcemans and appendices that govern yea 00.V.1111 
FIO•lekta arse tallar me &fetal by IlWlorgrin t lase Wok N A Manta FINC 
Mutual FeatddSecurities 
lIsMorgst Rusk are Cbalthialtd by .IPMagan Distribution Seneca. Ira .N111,4134 an ifilise of 1Phlorgon elope as Co "Enlists of Illtelorgon Oast st Co mono< few fee pcoveding fl acon somas to Ilk fads 
Bank pothals and somas one ofterta by /Phlotnan Chase Bank N 
and as aniline°, &cantles ate offend bye P Maga, SalenbeS 
niewbct NYSE. EMMA ared SIPC. 
intestnsent Products: Not Fitle Insured • No bank guarantee • May low value 
J.P Morgan 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Page 4 of 4 
DB-SDNY-0 105187 
SDNY_GM_00251371 
EFTA01449732

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449733.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC 
ACCT. 
For the Period 811/13 to 8131113 
Account Summary 
MARGIN 
Cash 
Margin 
Short 
Total 
Estimated 
Current 
Asset Allocation 
Market Value 
Market Value 
Market Value 
Market Value Annual Income Allocation 
Equity 
0.00 
(31980.00) 
0.00 
(31,880.00) 
Cash & Fixed Income 
2,200.00 
96,088.87 
0.00 
88,288.87 
100% 
Market Value 
82,200.00 
$84,208.87 
$0.00 
$80,408.87 
50.00 
100% 
Portfolio Activity 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-to-Date 
Value 
Beginning Market Value 
76,525.87 
0.00 
Contributions 
2.400.00 
152,400.00 
Withdrawals F. Fees 
(75.000 00) 
Net ContributionsMithdrawals 
Change In Investment Value 
82.40890 
(12,517.00) 
577,400.00 
(10,991 13) 
Ending Market Value 
966,408.87 
566,408.87 
J. P. M organ 
Account 24279849 Page 2 of 8 
Consolidated Statement Page 28 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105188 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251372 
EFTA01449733

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449734.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC 
ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Account Summary 
CONTINUED 
Cost Summary 
Income Summary 
To-Date Value 
Unrealized Gain/Loss 
(S10,991.13) 
Cost 
Investment Objectives 
Equity 
Cash E. Fixed Income 
(20.888 87) 
Speculation Permitted 
98,288.87 
Capital Appreciation 
Total 
J. P Morgan 
$77,400.00 
Yes 
Yes 
Account 
Page 3 of 8 
Consolidated Statement Page 29 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105189 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251373 
EFTA01449734

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449735.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449735.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC 
ACCT. 24279849 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8131/13 
Equity Summary 
Asset Categories 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Current 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Allocation 
Concentrated & Other Equity 
(19,363.00) 
(31,880.00) 
(12,517.00) 
Market Value/Cost 
Current 
Period Value 
Market Value 
(31,880.00) 
Cost 
(20,888.87) 
Unrealized Gain.Loss 
(10,991.13) 
Equity Detail 
Price 
Quantity 
rount 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Est Annual Inc 
Original Cost 
Gaintoss 
Accrued Div 
Yield 
Concentrated & Other Equity 
PROSHARES ULTRASHORT GOLD NEW 
PUT 01/1811 4 0  90 
Underlying Asset Price = S81.00 
74347W-9D-I GLL 
14.80 
(1 003) 
Margin 
(1,480 00) 
(996 94) 
(483 06) 
PROSHARES ULTRASHORT GOLD NEW 
16.00 
(19.000) 
(30,400 00) 
PUT 01/111/14 O 91 
Margin 
Underlying Asset Price = 
$81.00 
74347W-9D-J GLL 
(19,891 93) 
(10,508 07) 
Total Concentrated & Other Equity 
J. P. M organ 
($31,880.00) 
(S20,888.87) 
(S10,991.13) 
$0.00 
0.00% 
Account 24279849 Page 4 of 8 
Consolidated Statement Page 30 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105190 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251374 
EFTA01449735

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449736.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC 
ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to W31113 
Cash & Fixed Income Summary 
Asset Categories 
Beginning 
Ending 
Change 
Current 
Market Value 
Market Value 
In Value 
Allocation 
Cash 
95.888.87 
98.28887 
2.400.00 
100% 
Market Value/Cost 
Current 
Period Value 
Market Value 
Cost 
98,288.87 
98,288.87 
SUMMARY BY MATURITY 
SUMMARY BY TYPE 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Market 
% of Bond 
Market 
% of Bond 
Value 
Portfolio 
Cash & Fixed Income 
Value 
Portfolio 
0-6 months' 
98,288.87 
100% 
Cash 
98,288 87 
100% 
The years indicate the number of years until the bond is scheduled to mature 
based on the statement end date. Some bonds may be called, or paid in full, 
before their stated maturity. 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 5 of 8 
Consolidated Statement Page 31 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105191 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251375 
EFTA01449736

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449737.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC 
ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Cash & Fixed Income Detail 
Price 
Quantity
Account 
Value 
Adjusted Cost 
Unrealized 
Est. Annual Income 
Original Cost 
Gain/Loss 
Accrued Interest 
Yield 
Cash 
US DOLLAR 
US DOLLAR 
1O0 
2,200 00 
2.200.00 
2.200 00 
Cash 
1.00 
96O88.87 
99088.87 
96O88.87 
Margin 
Total Cash 
J. P Morgan 
$98,288.87 
$98,288.87 
$0.00 
$0.00 
0.00% 
Account 
Page 6 of 8 
Consolidated Statement Page 32 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105192 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251376 
EFTA01449737

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449738.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC 
ACCT.
For the Period 811/13 to 8/31/13 
Portfolio Activity Summary 
Transactions 
Current 
Period Value 
Year-To-Date 
Value' 
Beginning Cash Balance 
INFLOWS 
Contributions 
95,118827 
2400.00 
152,400.00 
Total Inflows 
OUTFLOWS — 
Withdrawals 
$2,400.00 
$162,400.00 
(75.000.00) 
Total Outflows 
TRADE ACTWITY 
$0.00 
($76,000.00) 
Settled Securities Purchased 
20,888.87 
Total Trade Activity 
$0.00 
$20,888.87 
Ending Cash Balance 
$98,288.87 
Year to date information is calculated on a calendar year basis. 
Your accounts standing instructions use a HIGH COST method for relieving assets 
from your position 
J. P. M organ 
Account 24279849 Page 7 of 8 
Consolidated Statement Page 33 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105193 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251377 
EFTA01449738

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449739.pdf
----------------------------------------
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC 
ACCT 
For the Period 8/1/I3 to W31/13 
Portfolio Activity Detail 
INFLOWS & OUTFLOWS 
Type 
Settle Date Selection Method 
Description 
Quantity 
Cost 
Amount 
Contributions 
9,2s 
Misc Receipt 
FNDS WIRED TO CHASE FROM SUB-ACCOUNT: MGN 
827 
MiSe Receipt 
FNDS WIRED TO CHASE FROM SUB-ACCOUNT: CSH 
829 
Misc Receipt 
FNDS WIRED TO CHASE FROM SUB-ACCOUNT: CSH 
200.00 
200 00 
2.000.00 
Total Contributions 
J. P. M organ 
$2,400.00 
Account 
Page 8 of 8 
Consolidated Statement Page 34 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105194 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251378 
EFTA01449739

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449740.pdf
----------------------------------------
3PMorgan Clime Bank, N.A. 
270 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10017-21)14 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC ACCT. 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Derivatives Account 
J.P. Morgan Team 
Justin Nelson 
Banker 
Janet Young 
Client Service Team 
Gina Magliocco 
Client Service Team 
Jason Grosse 
Client Service Team 
Online access 
wwwipmorganonline.com 
No market value or activity to report during this period 
Please see disclosures located at the end of this statement package for important information relating to each J.P.Morgan account(s). 
J. P Morgan 
Account 
Page 1 of 1 
Consolidated Statement Page 35 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105195 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251379 
EFTA01449740

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449741.pdf
----------------------------------------
THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105196 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251380 
EFTA01449741

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449742.pdf
----------------------------------------
For the Period 8/1/13 to WM3 
For your convenience we have combined statemeM(s) for activity you conduct through J.P. Morgan in one package. Below are important disclosures relating to these different accounts. 
These statements may relate to various account types. Some of the disclosures are applicable to all of your accounts. For ease of reference the disclosures applicable to a particular type 
of account have been grouped together by descriptive headers. 
IMPORTANT GENERAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE TO ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNT(S) 
Important Information about Pricing ,Valuations, Estimated Annual Income, and Estimated Yield 
Market value information (including without limitation. prices. exchange rates, accrued income and bond ratings) furnished herein, some of which has been provided by pricing sources that J.P. Morgan 
believes to be reliable, is not guaranteed for accuracy but provided for informational purposes and is furnished for the exclusive use of the client. 
The current price is the value of the financial asset share, unit or contract as priced at the close of the market on the last day of the statement period or the last available price. All values provided for 
structured yield deposits (for example, JPMorgan London Time Deposits) reflect the original deposit amount only. The value for Real Estate. Mineral Interests and Miscellaneous Assets may not reflect 
the most current value of the asset. 
Important information regarding Auction Rate Securities (ARS). ARS are debt or preferred securities with an interest or dividend rate reset periodically in an auction. Although there may be daily. weeldy 
and monthly resets. there is no guarantee that there will be liquidity. If there are not enough bids at an auction to redeem the securities available for sale, the result may be a failed auction. In the event 
of a failed auction, there is no assurance that a secondary market will develop or that the security will trade at par or any other price reflected on statements and online. Accordingly, investors should not 
rely on pricing information appearing in their statements or online with respect to ARS. When J.P. Morgan is unable to obtain a price from an internal or outside source for a particular ARS. the price 
column on your statement will indicate "unpriced". 
Valuations of over-the-counter derivative transactions, including certain derivatives-related deposit products, have been prepared on a mid-market basis. These valuations are sourced from the various 
issuers of the securities or they are sourced from a third party valuation provider. J.P. Morgan expressly disclaims any responsibility for (1) the accuracy of the models or estimates used in deriving the 
valuations, (2) any errors or omissions in computing or disseminating the valuations, and (3) any uses to which the valuations are put. Valuations are provided for information purposes only and are 
intended solely for your own use. Please refer to the trade confirmation for details of each transaction. 
Certain assets, including but not limited to, pooled and private investments, non-publicly traded and infrequently traded securities, derivatives, partnership interests and tangible assets are generally 
illiquid. the value of such asset may have been provided to us by third parties who may or may not be independent of the issuer or manager. Such information is reflected as of the last date provided to 
us. and is not independently verified. 
In cases where we are unable to obtain a current market value from an internal or outside source for a particular security, the price column on your statement will indicate "unpriceer. Although such 
securities may have value. please note that the value of a security indicated as "unpriced" will not be included in your overall current market value as reflected on the statement. 
J.P. Morgan makes no representation, warranty or guarantee, express or implied, that any quoted value represents the actual terms at which securities could be bought or sold or new transactions could 
be entered into, or the actual terms on which existing transactions or securities could be liquidated. Such values may only be indicative. 
Wien we are unable to obtain a current value from an internal or outside source for a particular security, the price column on your statement will indicate "unpriced". 
If a partial call is made with respect to an issue of securities included in your Accounts we will allocate the call by a method we deem fair and equitable. 
To the extent applicable, please note the following regarding estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated yield (EY): EAI and EY for certain types of securities could include a return of principal or 
capital gains in which case the EAI and EY would be overstated. EAI and EY are estimates and the actual income and yield might be lower or higher than the estimated amounts. EY reflects only the 
income generated by an investment. It does not reflect changes in its price, which may fluctuate. 
Offshore Deposits - London and Nassau 
J. P. M organ 
Disclosures Page 1 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105197 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251381 
EFTA01449742

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449743.pdf
----------------------------------------
A 'be- (Asa 
For the Period 8/1/13 to 8/31/13 
Contact your J.P. Morgan Team at one of the telephone numbers on the front of your statements or write us at J.P. Morgan, 500 Stanton Christiana Road, 1/OPS3, Newark. DE 19713-2107 as soon as 
you can, if you think your statement iswrong or if you need more information about a transfer on the statement. VVe must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on 
which the error or problem appeared. (1) Tell us your name and account number. (2) Describe the error or the transfer you are unsure about, and explain as dearly as you can why you believe it is an 
error or why you need more information. (3) Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error. We will investigate your complaint and will correct any error promptly. If we take more than 10 business 
days (or 20 business days for new accounts) to do this. we will credit your account for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have the use of the money during the time it takes us to complete 
our investigation. 
In Case of Errors or Questions About Non-Electronic Transfers (Checks or Deposits) 
Contact JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("JPMCB") Member FDIC immediately if a statement is incorrect or if you need more information about any non-electronic transactions (checks or deposits) on this 
statement. If any such error appears, you must notify the bank in writing as soon as possible after your statement was made available to you. For more complete details, see the applicable account 
agreements and appendices that govern your account. 
Deposit products and services are offered by JPMCB Member FOIC. 
You must promptly advise your J.P.Morgan representative of material changes in your investment objectives or financial situation or if you wish to modify the management of your account. Unless you 
inform otherwise, your J.P.Morgan representative will consider the information currentty in its files to be complete and accurate. 
Wth reference to JPMS and JPMCC: A financial statement of this organization is available to you for personal inspection at its offices, or a copy win be mailed to you upon written request. 
You should have received (or have made available to you) separate confirmations for each securities transaction. All transactions are subject to the terms and conditions stated on the reverse side of 
such confirmations and are subject to the constitution, by-laws. customs and interpretations of the marketplace where executed and govemed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of New York and all applicable federal laws and regulations. Further information with respect to commissions and other charges related to the execution of transactions. including options transactions, 
has been included in confirmations that were previously furnished or have made available to you. Upon written request, JPMS will promptly supply you with the latest information. 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE ONLY TO YOUR MARGIN ACCOUNT(S) 
All positions in your Margin Account Portfolio(s) are held in custody at J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. ("JPMCC"), Three Chase Metrotech Center. Brooklyn. NY 11245-001. (347) 643-2678. 
If you have a margin account as permitted by law we may use certain securities in such account for, among other things. settling short sales and lending the securities for short sales, and as a result may 
receive compensation in connection therewith. 
Please keep the following in mind when using a statement to track your brokerage activity in a margin account: The statement combines your general margin account with the special memorandum 
account required by Section 220.6 Regulation T. As required by Regulation T, a permanent record of your separate account is available upon your request. 
Free credit balances in your margin account(s) are not segregated and may be used in the operation of JPMCCs business, subject to the limitations of SEC Rule 15c3-3. Unless othenvise noted. JPMCC 
or its agents and depositories will hold your securities. Upon your demand. JPMCC will pay to you the amount of your free credit balance, and will deliver to you fully-paid securities held on your behalf. 
Interest will be charged on any debit balance; the method of calculating interest is described in a letter sent to all margin customers. 
J. P. M organ 
Disclosures Page 3 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105199 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251383 
EFTA01449743

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449744.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105200 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251384 
EFTA01449744

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449745.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fax: 
E-a 
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 09/19/2013 02:18 PM EDT 
To: Tazia Smith: Kevin Quinn 
Subject: Fw: Southern FinanciaVTrust ISDA Discussion 
Classification: For internal use only 
hi can we meet in my office, troy does not have space 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Office 
Cell: 
Forwarded by Paul Mo rns "(lb bcom on lYill19/2013 02:17 PM --
Southern Financial/Trust ISDA Discussion 
Thu 09/19/2013 2:30 PM - 3:00 PM 
.kttaidana isfor raul Morris 
chAlr 
No Location Information 
Rcquinxl 
Amanda 
(Minns! 
tbsunfication For internal an only 
Kevin Quinn t 
S. Paul Morris. Troy-D 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105202 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251386 
EFTA01449745

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449746.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 [ 
9/20/2013 2:32:42 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20130920 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/19/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
tol 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105203 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251387 
EFTA01449746

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449747.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Amanda Kirby 
9/20/2013 4:44:29 PM 
Paul Morris-
Update [I) 
pic04900.gif; pic26174.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
1. Southern Financial is being sent out now 
2. Jeepers will hopefully be out in the next hour or so 
3. Southern Trust is missing a signature so will go out on Monday 
4. Haze was only just sent to the ACAT middle office and has not been reviewed 
(we only just received it from Jeanne.) This will not go out tonight 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pi c04900 gi f) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
(Embedded image moved to file: pi c26174 . gi f) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251388 
DB-SDNY-0 105204 
EFTA01449747

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449748.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105205 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251389 
EFTA01449748

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449749.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Paul Morris 
9/20/2013 S:13:33 PM 
Amanda Kirby 
Re: Update 
pic11490.gif; pic23500.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thanks 
 Original Message  
From: Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 09/20/2013 04:44 PM EDT 
To: Paul Morris 
Subject: Update [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
1. Southern Financial is being sent out now 
2. Jeepers will hopefully be out in the next hour or so 
3. Southern Trust is missing a signature so will go out on Monday 
4. Haze was only just sent to the ACAT middle office and has not been reviewed 
(we only just received it from Jeanne.) This will not go out tonight 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic11490.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic23500.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105207 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251391 
EFTA01449749

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449750.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105209 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251393 
EFTA01449750

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449751.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 1511 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20130921 
9/21/2013 2:32:39 AM 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/20/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105210 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251394 
EFTA01449751

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449752.pdf
----------------------------------------
epstein sending over about 5200 from )P, he told them on Friday, 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
office: 
Cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105212 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251396 
EFTA01449752

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449753.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Paul Morris 
9/23/2013 4:20:23 PM 
Amanda Kirby I 
Re: Update III 
pic02280.gif; pic24804.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
thx can you provide the same today? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: 
To: 
Date: 
subject: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
09/20/2013 04:44 PM 
Update [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
1. southern Financial is being sent out now 
2. Jeepers will hopefully be out in the next hour or so 
3. Southern Trust is missing a signature so will go out on Monday 
4. Haze was only just sent to the ACAT middle office and has not been reviewed 
(we only just received it from Jeanne.) This will not go out tonight 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02280.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic24804.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105213 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251397 
EFTA01449753

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449754.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105214 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251398 
EFTA01449754

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449755.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105215 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251399 
EFTA01449755

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449756.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449756.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
9/23/2013 5:23:06 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith ( 
CC: 
Kevin Quinn I 
I; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Southern Trust/Laurie Cameron account [I) 
Attachments: pic14888.gif; pic05545.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Tazia, 
I ; Vahe Stepanian 
I had a few questions regarding the Southern Trust account that Laurie Cameron 
will be managing. 
Once we get the signed trading authorization from her, does 
that allow her to trade? will we need an additional document since it will be 
an IsDA account? Harry was asking and I am unsure. 
Let me know 
Also, Jeffrey would like to meet the week of October 8. His assistant will be 
sending over dates and times. 
Just a heads up. 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic14888.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA 
10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
EMai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic0554S.gif) 
I 
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105216 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251400 
EFTA01449756

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449757.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105217 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251401 
EFTA01449757

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449758.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105218 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251402 
EFTA01449758

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449759.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Lesley Grol 
Sent: 
9/23/2013 5:31:59 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Meeting with Jeffrey -- Week of October 8 
Great. 1 will get back to you! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 23, 2013, at 5:13 PM, Amanda Kirby < 
Classification: Public 
Hi Lesley, 
wrote: 
I just got off the phone with Harry and he let me know that Jeffrey asked to set up a meeting with Paul 
and the DB team who will be managing his accounts during the week of October, 8 when he retums to 
NYC. Please let me know his availability and I will follow up with everyone on our side. 
Thank you 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105219 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251403 
EFTA01449759

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449760.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
9/23/2013 5:40:31 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Meeting with Jeffrey -- Week of October 8 
Classification: Public 
hi hope you're well. is Jeffrey around the rest of the week? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
From 
cc. 
Dale 
SubwrA 
Lesley Groff 
09/23,2013 05:38 PM 
Re. Meeting with Jeffrey —Week of October 8 
Great. I will get back to you! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 23, 2013, at 5:13 PM, Amanda Kirby <
•> wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Hi Lesley, 
I just got off the phone with Harry and he let me know that Jeffrey asked to set up a meeting with Paul and the DB team 
who will be managing his accounts during the week of October, 8 when he returns to NYC. Please let me know his 
availability and I will follow up with everyone on our side. 
Thank you 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
New York NY USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105220 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251404 
EFTA01449760

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449761.pdf
----------------------------------------
<mime-attachment.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105221 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251405 
EFTA01449761

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449762.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Lesley Gro 
Sent: 
9/23/2013 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Meeting with Jeffrey — Week of October 8 
Just until Thursday evening 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 23, 2013, at 5:40 PM, Paul Morris 
wrote: 
Classification: Public 
hi hope you're well. is Jeffrey around the rest of the week? 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
From. 
Lesley Groff 
To. 
Amanda Kirbytdbidb 
. 
Paul Morrie/de/01x 
Date: 
09/23/2013 05:38 PM 
Suilicet 
Re: Meeting Mtn Jeffrey —Week of October 8 
Great. I will get back to you! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 23, 2013, at 5:13 PM, Amanda Kirby 
Classification: Public 
Hi Lesley, 
wrote: 
I just got off the phone with Harry and he let me know that Jeffrey asked to set up a meeting with Paul 
and the DB team who will be managing his accounts during the week of October, 8 when he returns to 
NYC. Please let me know his availability and I will follow up with everyone on our side. 
Thank you 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105222 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251406 
EFTA01449762

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449763.pdf
----------------------------------------
<mime-attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
mt" 
New York NY US 
10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
<mime-attachment.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105223 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251407 
EFTA01449763

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449764.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449764.pdf
----------------------------------------
Also, Jeffrey would like to meet the week of October 8. His assistant will be 
sending over dates and times. Just a heads up. 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28812.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York NY USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic13717.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105225 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251409 
EFTA01449764

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449765.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105226 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251410 
EFTA01449765

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449766.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105227 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251411 
EFTA01449766

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449767.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105229 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251413 
EFTA01449767

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449768.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
P8W/WM/MISETL/R8W15116(nUse 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20130924 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/23/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
tol 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105230 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251414 
EFTA01449768

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449769.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Lesley Groff ll 
Sent: 
9/24/2013 9: 
To: 
Amanda Kirb 
CC: 
Paul Morris I 
Subject: 
Re: Meeting with Jeffrey -- Week of October 8 
Good morning Amanda and Paul... 
Would Monday Oct. 7th anytime between 3-6pm be good for an appt w/Paul and the DB team? Or on Tues. 
Oct. 8th anytime between 3-6pm? 
Please let me know! thanks, Lesley 
On Sep 23, 2013, at 5:13 PM, Amanda Kirby wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Hi Lesley, 
I just got off the phone with Harry and he let me know that Jeffrey asked to set up a meeting with Paul and the DB team 
who will be managing his accounts during the week of October, 8 when he returns to NYC. Please let me know his 
availability and I will follow up with everyone on our side. 
Thank you 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105231 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251415 
EFTA01449769

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449770.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirb 
Sent: 
9/24/2013 
CC: 
Paul Morris
Vahe Stepanian 
• 
• 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
Car 'n Ki i 
Subject: 
Fw: Meeting with Jeffrey -- Week of October 8 
III 
Attachments: pic22639.gif; pic29723.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
Caroline/Tazia, 
Jeffrey would like to meet again in October. Are you free on the 7th from 
3-6pm or the 8th from 3-6pm? Paul is available both times 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22639.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New 
10154-0004 
Tel 
Fax 
Ema 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic29723.gif) 
 Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 09/24/2013 10:18 AM 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/ 
Cc: 
Paul Morris/db/d 
Date: 
09/24/2013 09:42 AM 
Subject: 
Re: Meeting with Jeffrey -- week of October 8 
Good morning Amanda and Paul... 
would Monday Oct. 7th anytime between 3-6pm be good for an appt w/Paul and the 
DB team? or on Tues. Oct. 8th anytime between 3-6pm? 
Please let me know! thanks, Lesley 
on Sep 23, 2013, at 5:13 PM, Amanda Kirby wrote: 
classification: Public 
Hi Lesley, 
just got off the phone with Harry and he let me know that Jeffrey 
asked to set up a meeting with Paul and the DB team who will be managing 
his accounts during the week of October, 8 when he returns to NYC. 
Please let me know his availability and J will follow up with everyone 
on our side. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105232 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251416 
EFTA01449770

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449771.pdf
----------------------------------------
Thank you 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<Nail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY USA, 10154-0004 
Email 
<Nail Attachment.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105233 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251417 
EFTA01449771

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449772.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105234 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251418 
EFTA01449772

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449773.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105235 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251419 
EFTA01449773

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449774.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Caroline Kitidis I 
Sent: 
9/24/2013 10:25:12 AM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
CC: 
; Tazia Smith 
Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Meeting with Jeffrey -- Week of October 8 
ill 
Attachments: pit00275.gif; pit21198.gif; pic30122.gif; pic27294.gif 
classification: For internal use only 
That day looks v. tight, Monica can you work w/ Amanda on this? 
Kind regards, 
caroline 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic00275.gif) 
caroline v. Kitidis 
managing Director I Head of Key client Partners - Americas 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobi 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic21198.gif) 
From: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom 
To: 
Tazia Smith, Caroline Kiti 
Cc: 
Paul Morris-
Stepanian 
Date: 
09/24/2013 10:20 AM 
Subject: 
Fw: Meeting with Jeffrey -- Week of October 8 [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
caroline/Tazia, 
, vahe 
Jeffrey would like to meet again in October. Are you free on the 7th from 
3-6pm or the 8th from 3-6pm? Paul is available both times 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30122.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105236 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251420 
EFTA01449774

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449775.pdf
----------------------------------------
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic27294.gif) 
 Forwarded by 
on 09/24/2013 10:18 AM 
From: 
Lesley Groff c
>
To: 
Cc: 
Date: 
09/24/2013 09:42 AM 
subject: 
Re: Meeting with Jeffrey -- week of October 8 
Good morning Amanda and Paul... 
would Monday Oct. 7th anytime between 3-6pm be good for an appt w/Paul and the 
DB team? Or on Tues. Oct. 8th anytime between 3-6pm? 
Please let me know! thanks, Lesley 
On Sep 23, 2013, at 5:13 PM, Amanda Kirby wrote: 
Classification: Public 
Hi Lesley, 
I just got off the phone with Harry and he let me know that Jeffrey 
asked to set up a meeting with Paul and the DB team who will be managing 
his accounts during the week of October, 8 when he returns to NYC. 
Please let me know his availability and I will follow up with everyone 
on our side. 
Thank you 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
<mail Attachment.gif> 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105237 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251421 
EFTA01449775

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449776.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105238 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251422 
EFTA01449776

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449777.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105240 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251424 
EFTA01449777

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449778.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105242 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251426 
EFTA01449778

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449779.pdf
----------------------------------------
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@amail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105244 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251428 
EFTA01449779

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449780.pdf
----------------------------------------
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105246 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251430 
EFTA01449780

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449781.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Manish-m Gupta 
Sent: 
9/24/2013 3:49:40 PM 
To: 
PWM A0G 
Amanda Kirby 
; Paul Morris 
CC: 
Kusam Saini 
PWM A0G 
;ShivaniKacholia 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: New Banking Account : The Haze Trust 
(I) 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Everyone, 
Both accounts are opened. 
Please let me know if any changes required. 
Amanda, 
Could you please provide the below details to process this on-line banking for 
these accounts. 
ACM & Wire Limits 
US address 
Signature of Banking officers. 
Thanks & Regards, 
Manish Gupta 
Manish Gupta 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Private Banking 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra world City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105247 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251431 
EFTA01449781

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449782.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
9/25/2013 2:32:58 AM 
Daily Deposit Repor 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/24/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105248 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251432 
EFTA01449782

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449783.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
9/26/2013 2:32:28 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20130926 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/25/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105249 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251433 
EFTA01449783

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449784.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Darren Indyke 
Sent: 
9/26/2013 10:50:45 AM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Checking in 
Would you please double check to make sure we are on schedule for me receiving ISDA documentation by 
Friday. Thanks. 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone 
Telecopier 
Mobile: 
email: 
********************************************************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - © 2011 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC — All rights reserved. 
On Sep IS, 2013, at 8:28 PM, Paul Morris wrote: 
Classification: External Communication 
Darren, I know a lot of things in action. please feel free to call me anytime in the my office or cell if you need anything. Thanks for all 
the help. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient for have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly 
forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105250 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251434 
EFTA01449784

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449785.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
26 2013 10:54:21 AM 
To: 
• Vahe Stepanian 
Subject: 
Fw: Checking in [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
fyi on Southern financial et.al 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
Forwarded by 
From-
To' 
Date 
Subject: 
on OW8(2013 10:53 AM —
Darren Indyke 
09/252013 ictSt AM 
Re: Checking in 
Would you please double check to make sure we are on schedule for me receiving ISDA documentation by 
Friday. Thanks. 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: 
Telecopira 
Mobile: 
email: 
**************************************************************************mmrnmsm 
**** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - 4O2011 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC — All rights reserved. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105251 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251435 
EFTA01449785

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449786.pdf
----------------------------------------
****************************************************************************************** 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105252 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251436 
EFTA01449786

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449787.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
9/26/2013 11.11
MI
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Checking in [CI 
Classification: Confidential 
yes 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
From: 
Darren Indyke 
To: 
Paul MorriskibklbcomeDBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
0&2820131031 AM 
Subject: 
Re: Checking in 
Would you please double check to make sure we are on schedule for me receiving ISDA documentation by 
Friday. Thanks. 
DARREN K. INDYKE 
DARREN K. INDYKE, PLLC 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York New York 10022 
****************************************************************************************** 
**** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - O 2011 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC — All rights reserved. 
****************************************************************************************** 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105253 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251437 
EFTA01449787

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449788.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
9/26/2013 11:34:54 AM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Re: this is worth dialing into the replay, see below IC] 
Classification: Confidential 
when do you think Eileen will send over the financials and appraisals? 
many thanks 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
New York NY 10154 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacationegmeScoma 
To: 
Pati 
Date: 
03/24/201310:35 AM 
Subject: 
Re: this is smith dialing into the replay. see below 
he is a very very close friend 
On Tue, Sep 24, 2013 at 9:53 AM, Paul Morris 
wrote: 
Classification: Public 
A conversation with Senator George J. Mitchell 
Conflict in the Middle East 
Replay 
Dial in: 
U.S.: 
Confer 
Criteria: 
Clients, prospects and intermediaries 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
New York, NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105255 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251439 
EFTA01449788

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449789.pdf
----------------------------------------
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notif us immediate) by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and 
destroy this communication an a copies t hereo , 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105256 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251440 
EFTA01449789

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449790.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
9/27/2013 2:12:29 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20130927 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/26/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT M 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
til 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
EEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
HE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
7EEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
HE HAZE TRUST 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105257 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251441 
EFTA01449790

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449791.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Mores 
Sent: 
9/27/2013 9:38:37 AM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
Subject: 
ISDAs for epstein 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi, they need to go out to darren indyke 
; Tazia Smith 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105258 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251442 
EFTA01449791

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449792.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
9/27/2013 9:58:32 AM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
CC: 
Caroline Kitidis 
Subject: 
Re: ISDAs for epstein [II 
Attachments: pic07167.gif; pic23241.gif 
Amanda Kirby 
Classification: For internal use only 
Good morning Paul - Yes, Caroline have been in close communication with Nick 
Haigh and Troy. They have been laser focused on this. I just got off the phone 
with Troy and we are on track to get drafts out today. 
TDS 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07167.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key client Partners - US 
Deutsche Sank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
mobi 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic23241.gif) 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom408AMERICAS 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom4108AMERICAS, 
Date: 
09/27/2013 09:38 AM 
Subject: 
ISDAs for epstein [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi, they need to go out to darren indyke 
"Tazia Smith" 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105259 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251443 
EFTA01449792

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449793.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105260 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251444 
EFTA01449793

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449794.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105261 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251445 
EFTA01449794

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449795.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
SCHEDULE 
to the 
2002 ISDA Master Agreement 
dated as of 
among 
Deutsche Bank AG ("Party A"), 
and 
Each counterparty listed on Appendix I attached to the Schedule to the Agreement and made a part 
thereof, severally, and not jointly (each a "Party 8") 
It is understood and agreed that this document shall constitute a separate agreement with each party listed 
on Appendix I attached hereto, as if each such party had executed a separate document naming only itself 
as Party B, and that no party listed on Appendix I shall have any liability under this document for the 
obligations of any other party so listed. With respect to any one such party, (i) only Confirmations of 
Transactions between Party A and Party B shall be part of the agreement with such party and (ii) 
references in the Agreement to the Schedule shall be deemed to refer to the Schedule as prepared for such 
party, and the term 'this Agreement" shall be construed accordingly. 
Part 1. Termination Provisions. 
(a) 
"Specified Entity" means: 
in relation to Party A: 
Not Applicable 
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of: 
Section 5(aXv): 
Section 5(aXvi): 
Section 5(aXvii): 
Section 5(bXv): 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
(b) 
The definition of "Specified Transaction" in Section 14 of this Agreement is hereby amended by 
adding the text "prime brokerage or margin lending transaction" after the words "weather index 
transaction- in the tenth line thereof. 
(c) 
The "Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will not apply to Party A and will apply to 
Party B. 
With regard to Party B, "Threshold Amount" means USD 1,000,000 or the equivalent in any 
other currency. 
(d) 
The "Credit Event Upon Merger" provision in Section 5(bXv) will apply to both parties. 
(e) 
The "Bankruptcy" provisions of Section 5(a)(vii) shall apply to Party A and Party B. 
(f) 
The "Automatic Early Termination" provisions of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A or Party 
B. 
(g) 
"Termination Currency" means United States Dollars unless the party which is not the 
Defaulting Party or the Affected Party, as the case may be, shall select an alternative freely 
available and convertible currency as the Termination Currency. 
Confidaitial 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105263 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251447 
EFTA01449795

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449796.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
(h) 
Additional Termination Events. The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute a 
Termination Event: 
(i) 
Change of ownership - If there is any change in the beneficial ownership of Jeffrey 
Epstein as of the date of this Agreement. 
(ii) 
The Credit Support Provider of Party B fails to maintain (x) total assets: (y) net worth: and 
(z) liquid assets at least equal to the amounts specified in Appendix II. 
For purposes hereof, net worth of the Credit Support Provider of Party B equals the assets 
of Credit Support Provider of Party B (exclusive of home, furnishings and automobiles) 
minus the liabilities of Credit Support Provider of Party B as reflected in the most recent 
financial statements of Credit Support Provider of Party B delivered to Party A. 
(iii) 
An Adverse Regulatory Change occurs and is continuing. -Adverse Regulatory Change" 
means the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law after the date on which a 
Transaction is entered into, or issuance of any directive or the promulgation of, or any 
change in, the interpretation, whether formal or informal, of any law or directive (or any 
requests, whether or not having the force of law) made by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction after such date which, in respect of a 
Transaction or any assets or hedge incidental thereto, in Party A's good faith 
determination, has the effect with regard to either party of: (A) imposing or adversely 
modifying, in any material respect, any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement; 
or (B) materially affecting the amount of regulatory capital to be maintained by such 
party or (C) subjecting such party to any material loss due to the re-characterization of any 
payments or deliveries to be made under such Transaction; or 
(iv) 
In the reasonable opinion of Party A, there is a material adverse change in the financial 
condition or credit standing of Party B or the Credit Support Provider of Party B from 
either the date of this Agreement or the date of the most recent financial statements of 
Party B or the Credit Support Provider of Party B delivered to Party A. 
For the purpose of the foregoing Termination Events specified in clauses (i) through (iv) above, 
Party B shall be deemed to be the Affected Party and Party A shall not be an Affected Party. 
Part 2. Tax Representations. 
(a) Payer Tax Representations. 
(i) For the purposes of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B will each make 
the following representations to the other. 
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental 
revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on 
account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) 
to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, each 
party may rely on: 
(i) 
the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of 
this Agreement; 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105264 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251448 
EFTA01449796

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449797.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449797.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
Convention between the United States and Germany with respect to any payment described in such 
provisions and received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement. 
(b) Payee Tax Representations. 
For purposes of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party B makes the following representations: 
(1) In relation to Darren K. Indyke acting as trustee for and on behalf of The Haze Trust (and 
Southern Financial LLC and Southern Trust Company Inc.): 
[It is a U.S. person, and it is a corporation that is the beneficial owner of all payments to be made to it 
under this Agreement, or it is a [corporation/partnershipitrust/other
1, organized under the 
State of Tennessee, and its taxpayer identification number is [ 
]. 
Or 
(1) In relation to Southern Financial LLC and Southern Trust Company Inc.: 
It is (A) a "foreign person" within the meaning of the applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations 
concerning information reporting and backup withholding tax, (B) organized under the laws of 
and (C) treated as a [corporation/partnership/trust/other 
] for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. No payment received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement 
is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business conducted in the United States.] 
Please confirm which of the above reps would be appropriare in irlalion to Southern Financial I.,IX 
and Southern TRIM Company Inc 
(2) 
It is fully eligible for the benefits of the "Business Profits" or Industrial and Commercial Profits" 
provision, as the case may be, the "Interest" provision, "Dividends" provision or the "Other 
Income" provision (if any) of the Specified Treaty with respect to any payment described in such 
provisions and received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement and no such 
payment is attributable to a trade or business carried on by it through a permanent establishment 
in the Specified Jurisdiction. 
"Specified Treaty" means the income tax treaty, if any, between United States and United 
Kingdom, France, Singapore, Belgium, Australia, Netherlands. Austria, Canada. New Zealand. 
Switzerland or Germany. 
"Specified Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction of Party A's branch office from which pa inent is 
made. 
Part 3. Agreement to Deliver Documents. 
(a) 
For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i), the documents to be delivered are: 
Party required to deliver 
document 
Party A 
Form/Document/ 
Certificate 
A properly executed: 
United 
States 
Internal 
Revenue Service Form W-9 
(or any successor thereto). a 
Date by which to be 
delivered 
(i) Upon execution of this 
Agreement. (ii) promptly 
upon reasonable demand by 
Party B and (iii) promptly 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0105266 
SONY GM_00251450 
EFTA01449797

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449798.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
Party B 
Party A and Party B 
United 
States 
Internal 
Revenue Service Form W-
SIMY 
and 
withholding 
statement with attached Form 
W-9 from and a United States 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service 
Form 
W-SBEN (or 
any 
successor forms thereto). 
A properly executed United 
States 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service Form W-8BEN (or 
any succesor thereto); Form 
W-8IMY (or any successor 
thereto) along with Forms W-
8/ W-9 from partners plus a 
-withholding statement": or 
Form W-9 (or any successor 
thereto), 
whichever 
is 
applicable. 
My forms required to be 
delivered pursuant to section 
1471(b) or section 1472(bX I ) 
of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 or to any other 
domestic or international law 
or 
intergovernmental 
agreement which brings such 
sections into force in the 
Relevant 
Jurisdictions, 
as 
amended, and 
any 
other 
documentation 
reasonably 
requested by the other party 
as it relates thereto. 
upon learning that any such 
form previously provided by 
Party A has become obsolete 
or incorrect 
(i) Upon execution of this 
Agreement. 
(ii) 
promptly 
upon reasonable demand by 
Party A and (iii) promptly 
upon learning that any such 
form previously provided by 
Party B has become obsolete 
or incorrect. 
On or before the date such 
forms are prescribed by law to 
be supplied and otherwise at 
the time or times reasonably 
requested by the other party. 
but in no event before the 
form and content of such 
forms or other documentation 
are made knout by the IRS. 
(b) 
For the purposes of Section 4(aXii), the other documents to be delivered (which will be covered 
by the representation in Section 3(d) of the Agreement if specified) are: 
Party required to deliver 
document 
Party A and Party B 
Party B 
Form/Document/ 
Certificate 
Evidence 
of 
the 
authority. 
incumbency 
and 
specimen 
signature of each person executing 
this 
Agreement 
or 
any 
Confirmation, 
Credit 
Support 
Document or 
other document 
entered into in connection with this 
Agreement on its behalf or on 
behalf of a Credit Support Provider 
or otherwise, as the case may be. 
Its most recent Prospectus. Private 
Placement 
or 
Offering 
Memorandum, 
the 
Investment 
Management 
Agreement, 
the 
investment policies, procedures. 
restrictions, or guidelines of Party 
the 
current 
disclosure 
documents of Party B, if any, the 
Confidential 
Date by which to be 
delivered 
Upon 
or 
prior 
to 
the 
execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and. with respect 
to any Confirmation upon 
request by the other party. 
As of execution of this 
Agreement, or upon any 
material 
change 
in such 
documents. 
Covered by Section 
3(d) Representation 
Yes 
Yes 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251451 
DB-SDNY-0105267 
EFTA01449798

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449799.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449799.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
Party required to deliver 
Form/Document/ 
document 
Certificate 
Party A and Party B 
Party B 
Party B 
Party A and Party B 
Part 4. Miscellaneous. 
trust indenture, corporate charter, 
limited partnership agreement. and 
the by-laws or other similar 
documents, instruments or other 
organizational 
and 
constituent 
documents of Party B as applicable 
(the "Operative Documents"). 
A copy of the most merit annual 
report 
containing 
consolidated 
financial statements of each party 
or its Credit Support Provider. if 
any, and 
such 
other 
public 
information 
respecting 
the 
condition or operations, financial 
or otherwise of such party or its 
Credit Support Provider, if any, as 
the other party may reasonably 
request from time to time. 
A copy of (i) the resolution of 
the Board of Directors of Party 
B approving the entering into 
of this Agreement and the 
Transactions 
contemplated 
hereby, (ii) the resolution of 
the Board of Directors of Party 
B's Credit Support Provider (if 
any) approving the delivery to 
Party A of the Credit Support 
Document and (iii) a copy of 
the constituent documents of 
Party 13 and Party Rs Credit 
Support Provider (if any), in 
each case certified by an 
authorised officer of Party B or 
the Credit Support Provider (as 
the case may be) that such 
documents arc in full force and 
effect. 
A legal opinion in a 
form 
satisfactory to Party A with respect 
to Party B. 
A duly executed and delivered 
copy of the 
Credit 
Support 
Document 
Date by which to be 
delivered 
Promptly after request by the 
other party. 
Upon 
execution of this 
Agroment. 
Upon 
execution of this 
Agreement and any Credit 
Support Document 
As of execution of this 
Agreement 
Covered by Section 
3(d) Representation 
Yes 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
(a) 
Address for Notices. For the purpose of Section I2(a) of this Agreement. the addresses for 
notices and communications to Party A and Party B shall be as follows: 
(i) 
TO PARTY A: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251452 
DB-SDNY-0105268 
EFTA01449799

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449800.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
All notices to Party A under Sections 5 or 6 of the Agreement (other than notices under 
Section 5(aXi)) shall be sent to: 
Deutsche Bank AG, Head Office 
Deutsche Bank AG, Head Office 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt 
GERMANY 
Attention: Le, I De artment 
Fax: 
All notices to Party A shall be sent directly to the office through which Party A is acting 
for the relevant Transaction, using the address and contact particulars specified in the 
Confirmation of that Transaction or otherwise notified. 
(ii) 
TO PARTY B: 
As specified in Appendix 1 
Attention: Harryillaiiiii
m.
Telephone No.: 
Fax No.: 
Email: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
(b) 
Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(e) of this Agreement: 
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable 
Party B appoints as Process Agent: As specified in Appendix I 
(c) 
Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement. 
(d) 
Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section I 0(b) of this Agreement: 
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may act through the following Offices: Its New York, 
London, Tokyo, Paris, Singapore, Brussels, Sydney, Amsterdam, Vienna. Canada (Toronto), 
New Zealand (Auckland), and Zurich Branches, and its Frankfurt Head Office. 
Party B is not a Multibranch Party. 
(e) 
Calculation Agent The Calculation Agent shall be Party A. 
(f) 
Credit Support Document. Details of any Credit Support Document: 
(i) 
The Guaranty of the Credit Support Provider dated as of the date hereof in favor of 
Party A and in the fonn appended hereto shall constitute a "Credit Support 
Document" in relation to all of the obligations of Party B and for all purposes of this 
Agreement. 
(ii) 
The ISDA Credit Support Annex and supplementary "Paragraph 13 - Elections & 
Variables" in the form appended hereto shall constitute a "Credit Support 
Document" in relation to each party, respectively, with respect to all of the 
obligations of the panics and for all purposes of this Agreement. 
Confidaitial 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105269 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251453 
EFTA01449800

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449801.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449801.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
(g) 
Credit Support Provider. Jeffrey Esptein shall be a Credit Support Provider with respect to Party 
B for all purposes hereof. 
(h) 
Governing Law. 
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York (without reference to its choice of law 
doctrine). 
(i) 
Multiple Transaction Payment Netting. Multiple Transaction Payment Netting will apply 
separately as agreed in writing from time to time. 
(j) 
Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c): 
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, Party A's Affiliates. 
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B. Party B's Affiliates. 
No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement. 
Additional Representation will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement each of 
the following will constitute an Additional Representation: 
(i) 
Representations of All Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent and warrant to 
the other party on and as of the date that it enters into a Transaction (which 
representations and warranties shall be deemed repeated on and as of each date that any 
Transaction remains outstanding) that (absent a written agreement between the parties 
that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction): 
(A) 
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own 
independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that 
Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon 
advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any 
communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a 
recommendation to enter into that Transaction: it being understood that 
information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction 
shall not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to enter 
into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other 
party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results 
of that Transaction. 
(B) 
Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and 
understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), 
and understands and accepts the terms and conditions and risks of that 
Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that 
Transaction. 
(C) 
Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or adviser to it 
in respect of that Transaction. 
(iii) 
Securities Act Representations. 
Each party represents to the other party (which 
representations will be deemed to be repeated by each party on each date on which a 
Transaction is entered into) that: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105270 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251454 
EFTA01449801

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449802.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
(A) 
it acknowledges that certain Transactions under the Agreement may involve the 
purchase or sale of "securities" as defined under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act') and understands that any such purchase or sale 
of securities will not be registered under the Securities Act and that any such 
securities may not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except 
(I) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and (2) in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States of America. 
(B) 
it is a "qualified institutional buyer" as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act, or an "accredited investor" as defined under the Securities Act; and 
(C) 
unless otherwise expressly provided in a Confirmation for a Transaction, any 
securities it is required to deliver under this Agreement and any Transaction will 
not at the time of such delivery constitute "restricted securities" or be subject to 
restrictions on transfer (including so-called "control securities") under the 
Securities Act (as defined above) or othemisc. This representation will be 
deemed repeated at the time of such delivery. 
(iv) 
Additional Representations of Party B. Party B on and as of the date hereof and at all 
times until the tennination of this Agreement and the Transactions, that (A) the assets of 
Party B do not and, prior to termination of this Agreement and the Transactions, will not 
constitute "plan assets" under Section 3(42) of the Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended ("'ERISA"), and, together with the Agreement and the 
Transactions, are not and will not be subject to Part 4, Subtitle B. Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code'); (B) either (x) 
the assets of Party B do not and will not constitute the assets of any "governmental plan" 
within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA and, together with the Agreement and the 
Transactions, will not be subject to any law, rule or other restriction applicable to the 
assets of any such governmental plan ("Governmental Plan Law") or (y) the execution, 
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transactions do not and will not 
violate any Governmental Plan Law; and (C) Party B is not and, prior to termination of 
this Agreement and the Transactions, will not be, a "Special Entity" as deemed under 
Title VII, Sections 731 or 764 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act of 2010 ("Reform Act") (or the amendments affected thereby). Party B 
will take or permit any action (including, without limitation, permitting or effecting 
withdrawals from Party B or transfers of interests in Party B) during the term of this 
Agreement that may render any of the foregoing representations and/or warranties untrue, 
incorrect or incomplete, and Party B shall promptly notify Party A in writing if it 
becomes aware that any event, condition or circumstance has occurred or will occur that 
may render (or has rendered) any of the foregoing representations and/or warranties 
untrue, incorrect or incomplete. 
Part 5. Other Provisions. 
(a) 
Elective Termination. Unless a confirmation of a Transaction otherwise provides, either party 
(the "Electing Party". the other party being the "Non-electing Party') may elect to terminate any 
Transaction (which shall be deemed to be the only Affected Transaction) on the second (21 
anniversary of the Trade Date of such Transaction and annually thereafter (which date shall be 
the Early Termination Date with respect to such Transaction) by at least five (5) days' prior 
Confidaitial 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105271 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251455 
EFTA01449802

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449803.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
notice, provided that no other Event of Default, Potential Event of Default, or Termination Event 
shall have occurred and then be continuing under this Agreement on such Early Termination Date 
(any such termination, an "Elective Termination"). 
For purposes of calculating amounts due under this Part 5(a), the Electing Party shall be treated as 
if it were the Affected Party and the Non-electing Party shall be treated as if it were the Non-
affected Party. 
For the purposes of calculating amounts due under an Elective Termination, all references to 
Additional Termination Event under Sections 6(b), (c), (d), and (c) should be read as references to 
an Elective Termination and should apply mutatis mutandi. 
(b) 
Consent to Recording. Each party (i) consents to the recording of the telephone conversations of 
trading and marketing and/or other personnel of the parties and their Affiliates in connection with 
this Agreement or any potential Transaction (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of and 
give notice of such recording to such personnel of it and its Affiliates; and (iii) agrees that 
recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings relating to this Agreement. 
(e) 
Tax Provisions. 
(I) ISDA 2010 Short Form HIRE Act Protocol. The parties agree that solely as between Party 
A and Party B, the definitions and provisions contained in the ISDA 2010 Short Form HIRE 
Act Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on 
November 30, 2010, including the Attachment thereto ("Short Form Protocol"), will be 
deemed to be incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis. as though such definitions and 
provisions were set out in full herein. with any such conforming changes as are necessary to 
deal with what would otherwise be inappropriate or incorrect cross references. The parties 
further agree that the Implementation Date (as such term is defined in the Short Form 
Protocol) shall be the date of execution of this Agreement. 
(2) Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United 
States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. "Tax" as used in Part 2(a) of this Schedule 
(Payer Tax Representation) and -Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of this 
Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a "FATCA Withholding 
Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or 
withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this 
Agreement. 
(d) 
Party B Representations and Acknowledgements, Non-Reliance, Etc. 
Party B hereby 
represents, warrants and acknowledges to Party A as of the date of this Agreement and will be 
deemed to represent to Party A on the date that Party B enters into a Transaction that (absent a 
written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the 
contrary for that Transaction) that: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105272 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251456 
EFTA01449803

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449804.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
(i) Party B understands that (x) that Transactions may at times be volatile and are subject to 
complex and substantial risks that may arise without warning and (y) losses in value for 
Party B's position in that Transactions may occur quickly and in unanticipated magnitude. 
(ii) Party A has made no representations, guarantees, or assurances whatsoever as to the 
expected or projected profitability, return, success, performance result, effect. consequence 
or benefit (whether legal, regulatory, tax, financial, accounting or otherwise) of that 
Transaction. Party B will be relying upon its own judgement and its own advisors with 
respect to that Transaction and Party• B has not sought and is not relying on any views of 
Party A with respect to that Transaction. All terms of, and the documentation evidencing, 
this Agreement and that Transaction have been the result of arm's-length negotiations 
between the parties. 
(iii)Party A shall not be liable to Party B for any losses, costs, expenses, fees, charges, 
amounts, liabilities, claims, damages. penalties, interest, taxes, or fines associated %% ith that 
Transaction, including the failure of that Transaction to achieve Party B's legal, regulatory. 
tax, business, investment, financial, or accounting objectives. 
(iv) Party B entered into this Agreement and is entering into that Transaction for Party B's own 
account as principal (and not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise). 
(v) Party B has, as of such date, (x) total assets; (y) net worth (for the purposes hereof, net 
worth equals the assets of Party B minus the liabilities of Party B as reflected in the most 
recent financial statements of Party B delivered to Party A); and (z) liquid assets at least 
equal to the amounts specified in Appendix II to the Schedule to the Agreement. Party B is 
prepared to bear, and will be capable of bearing (financially and otherwise) all risks 
associated with that Transaction and all other Transactions and has sufficient financial 
wherewithal to incur any loss associated with entering into and performing its obligations 
under that Transaction and all other Transactions. 
(vi) Party B's entrance into this Agreement and that Transaction complied and will comply in 
all respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, interpretations, guidelines, and 
governmental and regulatory• authorities affecting Party B. 
(vii) The financial information of Party B heretofore furnished to Party A fairly presents the 
financial condition of Party B on the dates and for the periods covered thereby. As of the 
date of this Agreement, Party B does not have any material liability or contingent 
obligation not shown on such statements. Since the date of such financial information there 
has been no material adverse change in the financial condition, operations, assets, and 
prospects of Party B. 
(e) 
Set Off Section 6(f) of this Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"(t) 
Upon the designation of any Early Termination Date, the party that is not the Defaulting 
Party or Affected Party ("X") may, without prior notice to the Defaulting or Affected Party 
("Y"), set off any sum or obligation (whether or not arising under this Agreement, whether 
matured or unmatured, whether or not contingent and irrespective of the currency. place of 
payment or booking office of the sum or obligation) owed by Y to X or any Affiliate of X (the "X 
Set Off Amount") against any sum or obligation (whether or not arising under this Agreement, 
whether matured or unmatured, whether or not contingent and irrespective of the currency, place 
of payment or booking office of the sum or obligation) owed by X or any Affiliate of X to Y (the 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105273 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251457 
EFTA01449804

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449805.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449805.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
"Y Set Off Amount"). X will give notice to the other party of any set off effected under this 
Section 6(f). 
For this purpose, either the X Set Off Amount or the Y Set Off Amount (or the relevant portion of 
such set off amounts) may be converted by X into the currency in which the other set off amount 
is denominated at the rate of exchange at which X would be able, acting in a reasonable manner 
and in good faith, to purchase the relevant amount of such currency. 
If a sum or obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that obligation and set-off in 
respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is 
ascertained. 
Nothing in this Section 6(f) shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This 
Section 6(f) shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, combination of 
accounts, lien or other rights to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by 
operation of law, contract or otherwise)." 
(f) 
Escrow. On any date on which both parties arc required to make payments hereunder, either 
party may at its option and in its sole discretion notify the other party that payments on that date 
arc to be made in escrow. In this case deposit of the payment due earlier on that date shall be 
made by 2:00 p.m. (local time at the place for the earlier payment if there is a time difference 
between the cities in which payments are to be made) on that date with an escrow agent selected 
by the party giving the notice and reasonably acceptable to the other party, accompanied by 
irrevocable payment instructions (i) to release the deposited payment to the intended recipient 
upon receipt by the escrow agent of the required deposit of the corresponding payment from the 
other party on the same date accompanied by irrevocable payment instructions to the same effect 
or (ii) if the required deposit of the corresponding payment is not made on that same date, to 
return the payment deposited to the party that paid it into escrow at such party's request. The 
party that elects to have payments made in escrow shall pay the costs of the escrow arrangements 
and shall cause those arrangements to provide that the intended recipient of the payment due to be 
deposited first shall be entitled to interest on that deposited payment for each day in the period of 
its deposit at the rate offered by the escrow agent for that day for overnight deposits in the 
relevant currency in the office where it holds that deposited payment (at 11:00 a.m. local time on 
that day) if that payment is not released by 5:00 p.m. local time on the date it is deposited for any 
mason other than the intended recipient's failure to make the escrow deposit it is required to make 
hereunder in a timely fashion. 
(g) 
Additional Acknowledgments and Agreements of the Parties. Section 4 is hereby amended by 
adding the following new agreements: 
(i) 
Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. Each of the parties hereby irrevocably waives any and 
all right to a trial by jury with respect to any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement or any Transaction. 
(ii) 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Each party acknowledges and agrees that (A) Deutsche 
Bank Securities Inc. or another designated Affiliate of Party A (the "Designated Agent") 
will act as agent for Party A in connection with certain Transactions when so specified in 
the Transaction Confirmation: and (B) the Designated Agent is acting solely as agent and 
shall have no liability for the performance of either party's obligations under this 
Agreement or any Transaction, or for costs, expenses, damages or claims arising out of 
the failure of either party to perform any such obligation. 
Contidmtial 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105274 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251458 
EFTA01449805

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449806.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
Questionnaire (the "March 2013 DF Protocol Questionnaire"; and together with the August 2012 
DF Protocol Questionnaire, the "Questionnaires") to Party A [[via 1SDA Amend (at 
www.Markit.com)] or [by email to df.protocol®db.com together with the related Answer Sheet 
in excel format] and has elected that DF Schedules 3 and 4, if applicable, are incorporated in the 
Agreement. In addition, if one or more Designated Evaluation Agents, Designated QIRs or 
Designated Fiduciaries is identified in the August 2012 DF Protocol Questionnaire, each such 
Designated Evaluation Agent, Designated QIR or Designated Fiduciary, as the case may be, must 
countersign the August 2012 DF Protocol Questionnaire where required and submit it to Party A 
using ISDA Amend or send the August 2012 DF Protocol Questionnaire via email to 
diprotocolOdb.com. 
The parties agree that if the Questionnaires are exchanged prior to the date of this Agreement, this 
Agreement shall be a Protocol Covered Agreement notwithstanding the terms of the respective 
Protocol. 
(signature page follows) 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
By: 
By: 
Name: 
Name: 
Title: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
DARREN K. INDYKE ACTING AS TRUSTEE 
FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE HAZE 
TRUST 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105277 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251461 
EFTA01449806

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449807.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
Appendix I 
Party B 
Addresses for Notices 
Process Agent 
Southern Financial LLC 
6100 Redd Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas 00802 
Virgin Islands (U.S) 
Please specify address in NY 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
Same as above 
Please specify address in NY 
Darren K. Indyke acting as 
trustee for and on behalf of The 
Haze Trust 
New York (Please advise address) Not applicable 
Contideniial 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105278 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251482 
EFTA01449807

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449808.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449808.pdf
----------------------------------------
GUARANTY 
GUARANTY dated as of September 
j. 2013 made by Jeffrey Epstein, a 
resident (the "Guarantor") in favor of Deutsche Bank AG, a corporation 
organized under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, including any of its branches 
anywhere (the "Bank"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have 
the meaning provided in the Master Agreement referred to below. 
WHEREAS, the Bank and each counterparty listed on Appendix A attached hereto 
and made a part hereof, severally, and not jointly (each an "Obligor") have entered into a 
Master Agreement of even date herewith (as amended, modified or supplemented from time 
to time, by any confirmation contemplated therein or otherwise, the "Master Agreement") 
and it is a requirement of the Master Agreement that the Obligor deliver this Guaranty for 
Obligor's obligations under the Master Agreement to the Bank. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above and other 
good and valuable consideration receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and as an 
inducement to the Bank to enter into Transactions with the Obligor, the Guarantor hereby 
consents and agrees as follows: 
1. 
Guaranty. (a) The Guarantor unconditionally, irrevocably guarantees to the 
Bank payment when due, whether by acceleration or otherwise, of the full amount of any 
and all obligations and liabilities, direct or contingent, joint, several or independent, now or 
hereafter existing, due or to become due to, or held or to be held by, the Bank, whether 
created directly or acquired by assignment or otherwise, of the Obligor to the Bank arising 
from or in connection with the Master Agreement together with all expenses incurred by the 
Bank in enforcing any of such obligations and liabilities or the terms hereof, including, 
without limitation, fees and expenses of legal counsel. The Guarantor waives notice of 
acceptance of this Guaranty and of any obligation to which it applies or may apply under the 
terms hereof, and waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, notice of dishonor or 
non-payment, protest, notice of protest, of any such obligations, suit or taking other action 
by the Bank against, and giving any notice of default or other notice to, or making any 
demand on, any party liable thereon (including the Guarantor). Payment by the Guarantor is 
in all cases to be made in the Contractual Currency of the payment obligation of the Obligor 
and to the account designated for payments by the Obligor or such other account as the Bank 
may direct. 
(b) This Guaranty is a primary obligation of the Guarantor and is an absolute, 
unconditional, continuing and irrevocable guaranty of payment and not of collectibility or 
performance and is in no way conditioned on or contingent upon any attempt to enforce in 
whole or in part the Obligor's liabilities and obligations to the Bank. If the Obligor shall fail 
to pay any liabilities or obligations to the Bank as and when they are due, the Guarantor shall 
forthwith pay such liabilities or obligations in immediately available funds without the Bank 
having any obligation to notify Guarantor of such failure to pay. Each failure by the Obligor 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105280 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251484 
EFTA01449808

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449809.pdf
----------------------------------------
to pay any liabilities or any obligations shall give rise to a separate cause of action herewith, 
and separate suits may be brought hereunder as each cause of action arises. 
(c) The Bank may, at any time and from time to time (whether or not after 
revocation or termination of this Guaranty) without the consent of or notice to the 
Guarantor, except such notice as may be required by applicable statute which cannot be 
waived, without incurring responsibility to the Guarantor, without impairing or releasing the 
obligations of the Guarantor hereunder, upon or without any terms or conditions and in 
whole or in part, (i) change the manner, place and terms of payment or change or extend 
the time of payment of, renew, or alter any obligation of the Obligor hereby guaranteed, or 
any obligations and liabilities (including any of those hereunder) incurred directly or 
indirectly in respect thereof or hereof or in any manner modify, amend or supplement the 
terms of the Master Agreement or any documents, instruments or agreements executed in 
connection therewith, including with respect to security or collateral, and the Guaranty 
herein made shall apply to the obligations and liabilities of the Obligor, changed, extended, 
renewed, modified, amended, supplemented or altered in any manner, (ii) exercise or 
refrain from exercising any rights against the Obligor or others (including the Guarantor) or 
otherwise act or refrain from acting, including with respect to security or collateral (iii) 
settle or compromise any obligations and liabilities hereby guaranteed and/or any obligations 
and liabilities (including any of those hereunder) incurred directly or indirectly in respect 
thereof or hereof, and may subordinate the payment of all or any part thereof to the payment 
of any obligations and liabilities which may be due to the Bank or others, (iv) sell, 
exchange, release, surrender, realize upon or otherwise deal with in any manner or in any 
order any property by whomsoever pledged or mortgaged to secure or howsoever securing 
the liabilities or obligations hereby guaranteed or any liabilities or obligations (including any 
of those hereunder) incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof or hereof and/or any 
offset thereagainst and (v) apply any sums by whomsoever paid or howsoever realized to 
any obligations and liabilities of the Obligor to the Bank regardless of what obligations and 
liabilities remain unpaid. 
(d) No invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of the obligations or liabilities 
hereby guaranteed, ineffectiveness of, or absence or failure of first priority status of, any 
security interest in property of the Obligor intended to secure the obligations or liabilities 
hereby guaranteed, or incapacity of the Obligor, shall affect, impair, or be a defense to this 
Guaranty, which is a primary obligation of the Guarantor. 
(e) This Guaranty shall not be affected by the occurrence of any Event of Default, 
Potential Event of Default or Termination Event, by the existence of any bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization or similar proceedings involving the Obligor, by any change in 
the laws, ►ules or regulations of any jurisdiction or by any present or future action of any 
governmental authority or court amending, varying, reducing or otherwise affecting or 
purporting to amend, vary, reduce or otherwise affect, any of the obligations of the Obligor 
under the Master Agreement or of the Guarantor under this Guaranty or by any other 
circumstance (other than complete, irrevocable payment) that might otherwise constitute a 
legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or a guarantor. This Guaranty shall be 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105281 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251485 
EFTA01449809

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449810.pdf
----------------------------------------
reinstated if at any time (including any time after its termination or expiration) any payment 
by the Obligor, in whole or in part, is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by the Bank 
upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Obligor or otherwise, all as though 
that payment had not been made. 
(f) 
This is a continuing Guaranty and all obligations to which it applies or may 
apply under the terms hereof shall be conclusively presumed to have been created in reliance 
hereon. If the Guarantor gives the Bank written notice of its intention to terminate its 
obligations under this Guaranty, the notice shall operate to terminate those obligations in 
respect of all Transactions whose Trade Dates occur on or after the termination date 
specified in the notice; provided however that no such notice shall have any effect unless the 
termination date stated in it occurs at least ten Business Days after the date the notice is 
effective. A notice given in accordance with this provision shall not affect the obligations of 
the Guarantor under this Guaranty in respect of Transactions whose Trade Date occurs 
before the termination date stated in the notice. 
(g) If any amount payable by the Guarantor hereunder is not paid as and when due, 
the Guarantor authorizes the Bank to proceed, without prior notice, by right of set-off, 
counterclaim or otherwise, against any assets of the Guarantor that may at the time be in the 
possession of the Bank at any branch or office, to the full extent of all amounts payable to 
the Bank hereunder. 
(h) Except as otherwise required by law, each payment required to be made by the 
Guarantor to the Bank hereunder shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on 
account of Taxes. If such deduction or withholding is so required, the Guarantor shall (i) 
pay the amount required to be deducted or withheld to the appropriate authorities before 
penalties attach thereto or interest accrues thereon, (ii) promptly forward to the Bank an 
official receipt evidencing such payment (or a certified copy thereof), and (iii) in the case of 
any such deduction or withholding, forthwith pay to the Bank such additional amount as 
may be necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by the Bank free and clear 
of such Taxes, including any Taxes on such additional amount, is equal to the amount that 
the Bank would have received had there been no such deduction or withholding. 
(i) 
The provisions of Section 8 of the Master Agreement shall apply to amounts 
payable under this Guaranty as fully as if they were set forth in and referred to this Guaranty. 
2. 
Representations and Warranties. The Guarantor makes the representations and 
warranties set forth in subsections (a) through (c) and (e) of Section 3 of the Master 
Agreement to the Bank on such basis and as if the references therein to the Master 
Agreement were references to this Guaranty. The Guarantor also represents and warrants to 
the Bank that any certificates relating to the Guarantor to be delivered pursuant to Section 4 
of the Agreement are true, accurate and complete in every material respect as of the dates of 
the certificates, and that any financial information to be provided pursuant to that Section 
fairly presents the financial condition of the Guarantor as at the dates at which the financial 
information is stated to apply and the results of the operations of the Guarantor for the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105282 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251488 
EFTA01449810

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449811.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449811.pdf
----------------------------------------
applicable periods. The immediately preceding representation shall be deemed repeated each 
time such financial information is delivered pursuant to the Master Agreement. 
3. 
Covenants. (a) On or prior to the date hereof, the Guarantor shall deliver to 
the Bank an opinion letter substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto. 
(b) So long as the Obligor has any obligation to the Bank of a kind described in 
Section I of this Guaranty, the Guarantor agrees that: 
(i) 
It will use all reasonable efforts to maintain in full force and effect all consents 
of any governmental or other authority that are required to be obtained by it with respect to 
this Agreement and will use all reasonable efforts to obtain any that may become necessary 
in the future; 
(ii) It will comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and orders to 
which it may be subject if failure so to comply would materially impair its ability to perform 
its obligations under this Agreement and; 
(iii) It will perform any agreements set forth in Section 4 of the Master Agreement 
with respect to the Guarantor for the benefit of the Bank as if the Guarantor were a party to 
the Master Agreement and references therein to the Master Agreement were references to 
this Guaranty. 
4. 
Subrogation. So long as any amount payable by the Obligor under the Master 
Agreement is overdue and unpaid, the Guarantor shall not (i) exercise any right of 
subrogation or indemnity, or similar right or remedy, against the Obligor or any of its assets 
or property in respect of any amount paid by the Guarantor under this Guaranty or (ii) file a 
proof of claim in competition with the Bank for any amount owing to the insolvency or 
liquidation of the Obligor. If at any time when any such amount is overdue and unpaid the 
Guarantor receives any amount as a result of any action against the Obligor or any of its 
property or assets or otherwise for or on account of any payment made by the Guarantor 
under this Guaranty, the Guarantor shall forthwith pay that amount received by it to the 
Bank, to be credited and applied against the amount so payable by the Obligor 
5. 
Successions or Assignments. (a) This Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of 
the successors or assigns of the Bank who shall have, to the extent of their interest, the rights 
of the Bank hereunder; provided, however, that the rights of the Bank hereunder, if any be 
retained by it, shall have priority over and be senior to the rights of its successors or assigns 
unless the Bank shall otherwise elect. 
(b) 
This Guaranty is binding upon the Guarantor and its successors and assigns. 
The Guarantor is not entitled to assign its obligations hereunder to any other person or any 
of its other branches or offices without the written consent of the Bank, and any purported 
assignment in violation of this provision shall be void. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105283 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251487 
EFTA01449811

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449812.pdf
----------------------------------------
6. 
Amendments, Waivers, Notices. All amendments, waivers and modifications 
of or to any provision of this Guaranty and any consent to departure by the Guarantor from 
the teens hereof shall be in writing and signed and delivered by the Bank and, in the case of 
any such amendment or modification, by the Guarantor, and shall not otherwise be effective. 
Any such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the 
purpose for which it is given. Any notice or communication to the Bank or the Guarantor in 
connection with this Guaranty shall be addressed to it at the address specified in Part 4(a) of 
the Schedule to the Master Agreement, or such other address as may be specified by notice 
to the intended recipient. The giving of notice to the Guarantor in any instance shall not 
entitle the Guarantor to any other or further notice in similar or other circumstances. 
7. 
Waiver of Jury Trial. 
The Guarantor waives the right of trial by jury in any 
event of any litigation between it and the Bank in respect of any matter arising under this 
Guaranty, and agrees that, if the Bank brings any judicial proceedings in relation to any such 
matter, the Guarantor will not interpose any counterclaim or set-off of any nature. 
8. 
Interpretation and Definitions. Terms defined in the Master Agreement or the 
2006 ISDA Definitions that are used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the 
meanings given to them in the Master Agreement except that references to "Agreement" in 
the definition of any such term shall be deemed for the purposes of the Guaranty to be 
references to the Guaranty. 
9. 
Jurisdiction; Governing Law. 
This Guaranty shall be governed by and 
construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without 
reference to choice of law doctrine). The Guarantor irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive 
jurisdiction of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the 
Borough of Manhattan in New York City for purposes of any suit, action or proceedings 
relating to this Guaranty ("Proceedings"). The Guarantor irrevocably waives, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, any defense or objection it may have that any such Proceedings in 
any such court have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to 
object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court does not have jurisdiction over the 
Guarantor. Nothing herein contained shall preclude the Bank from bringing Proceedings in 
any other jurisdiction nor will the bringing of Proceedings in one jurisdiction preclude the 
bringing of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction. 
10. 
Integration of Terms. 
This Guaranty contains the entire agreement between 
the Guarantor and the Bank relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all oral 
statements and prior writing with respect hereto. 
11. 
Headings. Headings in this Guaranty are provided for convenience only and 
shall not affect the meaning or construction of any provision hereof. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Guarantor has caused this Guaranty to be duly 
executed and delivered in New York City as of the day and year first written above. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105284 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251488 
EFTA01449812

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449813.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
By: 
Title: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105285 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251489 
EFTA01449813

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449814.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449814.pdf
----------------------------------------
Appendix A 
Name of Counterparty 
Southern Financial LLC 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
Darren K. Indyke acting as trustee for and on behalf of The Haze 
Trust 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105286 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251470 
EFTA01449814

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449815.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
Party A: Deutsche Bank AG 
Party B: Each counterparty listed on Appendix I attached to the Schedule to the Agreement and made a part 
thereof, severally, and not jointly (each a -Party B") 
It is understood and agreed that this document shall constitute a separate agreement with each party listed on 
Appendix I attached hereto, as if each such party had executed a separate document naming only itself as 
Party B, and that no party listed on Appendix I shall have any liability under this document for the 
obligations of any other party so listed. With respect to any one such party, (i) only Confirmations of 
Transactions between Party A and Party B shall be part of the agreement with such party and (ii) references 
in the Agreement to the Schedule shall be deemed to refer to the Schedule as prepared for such party, and the 
term "this Agreement" shall be construed accordingly. 
Paragraph 13. Elections and Variables 
(a) 
Security Interest for "Obligations". The term "Obligations" as used in this Annex includes the 
following additional obligations. 
With respect to Party B, "Obligations" means any and all present and future obligations of Party B 
under or in connection with this Agreement, or any other contract, or any other transaction between 
Party B and Party A. 
(b) 
Credit Support Obligations 
(i) 
Delivery Amount, Return Amount and Credit Support Amount 
(A) 
"Deliver► Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(a). 
(B) 
"Return Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b). 
(C) 
"Credit Support Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3, except that, if an 
Independent Amount or Independent Amounts are specified for a party, the Credit 
Support Amount for such party will never be less than the aggregate of all Independent 
Amounts applicable to that party. 
(ii) Eligible Collateral. The following items will qualify as "Eligible Collateral" for the party 
specified: 
Party A 
Parry• B 
Valuation 
Percentage 
(A) 
Cash 
Inapplicable 
IX] 
100% 
(B) 
negotiable debt obligations issued by the U.S. Treasury 
Inapplicable 
IXI 
98% 
Department having a remaining maturity of less than one 
year ("Treasury Billet 
(C) 
negotiable debt obligations issued by the U.S. Treasury 
Inapplicable 
IX] 
95% 
Department having a remaining maturity of 1-10 years 
("Treasury Notes") 
(D) 
negotiable debt obligations issued by the U.S. Treasury 
Inapplicable 
IX] 
90% 
Department having a remaining maturity of more than 10 
years ('•Treasury Bonds") 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105287 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251471 
EFTA01449815

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449816.pdf
----------------------------------------
(E) 
Any account or deposit of Party B with Party A or an 
Inapplicable 
1X1 
As determined 
affiliate of Party A which is identified on Exhibit A 
by Party A in its 
annexed hereto or otherwise designated as Eligible 
sole discretion 
Collateral for purposes of this Annex in a writing 
and further 
executed and delivered, in counterpart or otherwise. by 
reduced by the 
Party A and Party B (each such account or deposit. 
full amount of 
together with all of the securities, funds and other 
any other 
property therein and all of the security entitlements 
obligations 
related thereto, an "Eligible Account"). In the case of an 
secured by such 
account or deposit with an affiliate of Party A. such 
Eligible Account 
account or deposit shall qualify as an Eligible Account 
as determined by 
only if such affiliate signs this Annex at the end hereof. 
Party A in its 
sole discretion. 
(F) 
Such other collateral as Party A and Party B may agree. 
Inapplicable 
1X1 
As may be 
agreed. 
(iii) 
Other Eligible Support. The following items will qualify as "Other Eligible Support" for 
the party specified: 
(A) 
Inapplicable 
Inapplicable 
(B) 
Inapplicable 
Inapplicable 
(iv) 
Thresholds 
(A) 
"Independent Amount" means with respect to Party A: Inapplicable 
"Independent Amount" means with respect to Party B: As specified in the relevant 
Confirmation or agreed to by the parties. 
(B) 
"Threshold" means with respect to Party A: Inapplicable 
"Threshold" means with respect to Party B: Zero. 
(C) 
"Minimum Transfer Amount" means with respect to Party A: $100,000 provided, 
however, that the Minimum Transfer Amount for such party shall be zero upon the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Potential Event of 
Default, Termination Event, Additional Termination Event or Specified Condition 
with respect to such party. 
"Minimum Transfer Amount" means with respect to Party B: $100,000 provided, 
however, that the Minimum Transfer Amount for such party shall be zero upon the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Potential Event of 
Default, Termination Event, Additional Termination Event or Specified Condition 
with respect to such party. 
(D) 
Rounding. The Delivery Amount and the Return Amount will be rounded up and 
down respectively to the nearest integral multiple of $ 10.000. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105288 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251472 
EFTA01449816

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449817.pdf
----------------------------------------
(e) 
Valuation and Timing. 
(i) 
"Valuation Agent" means: Party A. 
(ii) 
"Valuation Date" means: Any Local Business Day. 
(iii) 
"Valuation Time" means: 
the close of business in the city of the Valuation Agent on the Valuation Date or date 
of calculation, as applicable; 
R1 
the close of business on the Local Business Day before the Valuation Date or date of 
calculation, as applicable; 
provided that the calculations of Value and Exposure will be made as of approximately the 
same time on the same date. 
(iv) 
"Notification Time"  means 1:00 pm, New York time, on a Local Business Day. 
(d) 
Conditions Precedent and Secured Party's Rights and Remedies. 
Each Termination Event 
specified below with respect to a party will be a "Specified Condition" for that party (the specified 
party being the Affected Party if a Termination Event or Additional Termination Event occurs with 
respect to that party): 
Parry A 
Party B 
Illegality 
IX] 
[X] 
Tax Event 
I 1 
I ] 
Tax Event Upon Merger 
I 1 
I 1 
Credit Event Upon Mager 
IX] 
[X] 
The Additional Termination Events 
IX] 
[X] 
mocified in Pan I (other than an Elective 
Termination) of the Schedule to this 
Agimunnt or any event which. with the 
giving of notice or the lapse of time or both. 
;mild constitute an Additional Termination 
Event. 
(e) 
Substitution. 
(i) 
"Substitution Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(ii). 
(ii) 
Consent. If specified here as applicable, then the Pledgor must obtain the Secured Party's 
consent for any substitution pursuant to Paragraph 4(d): Inapplicable 
(f) 
Dispute Resolution. 
(i) 
"Resolution Time" means 1:00 p.m., New York time, on the Local Business Day following 
the date on which the notice is given that gives rise to a dispute under Paragraph 5. 
(ii) 
Value. For the purpose of Paragraphs 5(i)(C) and 5(ii), the Value of Posted Credit Support 
will be calculated as follows: as set forth for other purposes in Paragraph 12. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105289 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251473 
EFTA01449817

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449818.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449818.pdf
----------------------------------------
(iii) 
Alternative. The provisions of Paragraph 5 will apply, except to the following extent: (A) 
pending the resolution of a dispute. Transfer of the undisputed Value of Eligible Credit 
Support or Posted Credit Support involved in the relevant demand will be due as provided in 
Paragraph 5 if the demand is given by the Notification Time, but will be due on the second 
Local Business Day after the demand if the demand is given after the Notification Time: and 
(B) the Disputing Party need not comply with the provisions of Paragraph 5(I1X2) if the 
amount to be Transferred does not exceed the Disputing Party's Minimum Transfer Amount. 
(g) 
Holding and Using Posted Collateral. 
(i) 
Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral; Custodians. Party A and its Custodian will be entitled 
to hold Posted Collateral pursuant to Paragraph 6(b). 
Initially, the Custodian for Party A is: Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch. 
(ii) 
Use of Posted Collateral. The provisions of Paragraph 6(e) will apply to Party A. 
(iii) 
Collateral Account All Eligible Collateral received by Party A from Party B (other than 
Contract Rights and Eligible Accounts) shall be credited to one or more accounts (each, a 
"Collateral Account") at Party A, or its Custodian, each of which may include property of 
other parties but %%ill bear a tide indicating that the property in such Collateral Account is 
held as security. 
Party A shall cause statements concerning the Posted Collateral held in each Collateral 
Account to be delivered to Party B on request, which may not be made more frequently than 
once in each calendar month. Nothing in this Paragraph 13(g)(iii) shall be constructed as 
limiting the right of Party A to use or otherwise dispose of Posted Collateral pursuant to 
Paragraph 6(c). 
Party A shall have no responsibility for ascertaining or informing Party B with respect to, 
and shall not be required to take any action concerning, any maturities, calls, conversions, 
exchanges, offers, tenders, redemptions or similar matters relating to any of the Posted 
Collateral, regardless of whether Party A has or is deemed to have knowledge of any thereof. 
(iv) 
Eligible Accounts. 
Party B may close, or withdraw funds or property from, an Eligible 
Account provided as Eligible Collateral only if (i) such close or withdrawal is part of a 
substitution effected in accordance with Paragraph 4(d) of this Annex or (ii) after giving 
effect to such close or withdrawal, the value of the remaining Posted Collateral for purposes 
of this Annex will be equal to or greater than that required hereunder. 
Party B hereby irrevocably authorizes Party A and its affiliates to disregard any instruction 
from Party B relating to an Eligible Account established with such entity which violates the 
provisions of this Paragraph 13(g)(iv). 
Party B hereby irrevocably authorizes Party A to originate entitlement orders (within the 
meaning of Article 8 of the Ncw York Uniform Commercial Code) with respect to each 
Eligible Account maintained with an affiliate of Party A, and each such affiliate agrees that 
(x) it will comply with such entitlement orders originated by Party A without further consent 
by Party B and (y) it is acting as agent for Party A N% ith respect to such Eligible Account. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105290 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251474 
EFTA01449818

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449819.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449819.pdf
----------------------------------------
(h) 
Distributions and Interest Amount 
(i) 
Interest Rate. The "Interest Rate" will be with respect to Eligible Collateral in the fonn of 
Cash, for any day, the rate opposite the caption "Federal Funds (Effective)" for such day as 
published for such day in Federal Reserve Publication H.15(519) or any successor 
publication as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
(i) 
(ii) 
Transfer of Interest Amount. The Transfer of the Interest Amount will be made on the first 
Local Business Day of each calendar month. 
(iii) 
Alternative to Interest Amount The provisions of Paragraph 6(d)(ii) will apply. 
Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support 
(i) 
"Value" with respect to Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support means: 
Inapplicable 
(ii) 
"Transfer" with respect to Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support means: 
Inapplicable 
(j) 
Demands and Notices All demands, specifications and notices under this Annex will be made 
pursuant to the Notices Section of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified here: 
Party A: 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Attention: 
Collateral Management 
Telephone No.: 
Fax No.: 
Pam• B: 
Same as provided in Notices section of the Agreement 
(k) 
Addresses for Transfers 
Party A: 
Party B: 
To be notified from time to time 
To be notified from time to time 
(I) 
Other Provisions 
(i) 
Limit on Secured Party's Liability. The Secured Party will not be liable for any losses or 
damages that the Pledgor may suffer as a result of any failure by the Secured Party to 
perform, or any delay by it in performing, any of its obligations under this Annex if the 
failure or delay results from circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the Secured 
Party or its Custodian, such as intemiption or loss of computer or communication services, 
labor disturbance, natural disaster or local or national emergency. 
(ii) 
Further Assurances If the Pledgor fails (a) to execute and deliver to the Secured Party such 
financing statements, assignments, or other documents or (b) to do such other things relating 
to the Posted Collateral as the Secured Party may reasonably request in order to protect and 
maintain its security interest in the Posted Collateral and to protect, preserve, and realize 
upon the Posted Collateral, then the Secured Party is hereby authorized by the Pledgor (but 
not required) to complete and execute such financing statements, assignments, and other 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105291 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251475 
EFTA01449819

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449820.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449820.pdf
----------------------------------------
documents as the Secured Party deems appropriate for such purposes. The Pledgor hereby 
appoints the Secured Party, during the term of this Agreement, as the Pledgor's agent and 
attomey-in-fact to complete and execute such financing statements, assignments and other 
documents and to perform all other acts which the Secured Party may deem appropriate to 
protect and maintain its security interest in the Posted Collateral and to protect, present, and 
realize upon the Posted Collateral. The power-of-attorney granted herein to the Secured 
Party is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable during the term of this Agreement. 
(iii) 
Agreement as to Single Secured Party and Pledgor. Party A and Party B agree that, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the recital to this Annex, Paragraph 1(b) or 
Paragraph 2 or the definitions in Paragraph 12, (a) the term "Secured Party" as used in this 
Annex means only Party A, (b) the term "Pledgor" as used in this Annex means only Party 
B. (c) only Party B makes the pledge and grant in Paragraph 2, the acknowledgment in the 
final sentence of Paragraph 8(a) and the representations in Paragraph 9, (d) only Party B will 
be required to make Transfers of Eligible Credit Support hereunder and (e) Paragraph 7 shall 
apply to Party B only and shall not apply to Party A. 
(iv) 
Transfer. 
Eligible Collateral contained in Eligible Accounts shall be deemed (i) "Transferred" to Party 
A for purposes of this Annex at all times while such Eligible Accounts are designated as 
Cash Collateral Accounts in accordance with this Agreement, (ii) "Transferred" to Party B 
for purposes of this Annex when the security interest in such Eligible Collateral in favor of 
Party A is released, and (iii) held by Party A for purposes of this Annex at all times on and 
after the Transfer of such Eligible Collateral to Party A and before the Transfer of such 
Eligible Collateral to Party B. 
(v) 
The terms of Paragraph 13 of the Annex shall be amended by inserting the following as a 
new paragraph (m) as follows: 
"(m) Withholding Tax on Interest Amount with respect to Posted Collateral comprised 
of Cash: 
The provisions of Section 2(d) of this Agreement shall not apply with respect to payment of 
the Interest Amount under this Annex, and any withholding tax on the Interest Amount shall 
not constitute an Indemnifiable Tax under this Agreement. Paragraph 6(d)(ii) of this Annex 
is hereby amended by inserting "less any applicable withholding tax" after "The Interest 
Amount" in line 4 thereof. 
The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that, when interpreting any provision or 
representation in this Agreement (other than this Annex) relating to tax matters, references to 
"payment under this Agreement" or any other words with a similar purport made in this 
Agreement (excluding this Annex) shall be deemed to exclude payment of the Interest 
Amount under this Annex." 
(signature page follows) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105292 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251476 
EFTA01449820

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449821.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449821.pdf
----------------------------------------
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
By: 
By: 
Name: 
Name: 
Title: 
Tide: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
DARREN K. INDYKE ACTING AS TRUSTEE 
FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE HAZE 
TRUST 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
This undersigned entity, which is an affiliate of Party A, is executing this Annex to evidence its 
agreement to Paragraph 13(g)(iv) hereof. 
DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105293 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251477 
EFTA01449821

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449822.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449822.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A 
For the purposes of the Credit Support Annex to which this Exhibit is attached and made a part. each of the 
following shall be an Eligible Account:-
PARTY B 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
SECURITIES INC. PRIMARY 
ACCOUNT NUMBER 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
SECURITIES INC. 
SECONDARY ACCOUNT 
NUMBER 
Southern Financial LLC 
I 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
I 
Darren K. Indyke acting as 
trustcc for and on behalf of the 
haze trust 
I
I 
Ix 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105294 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251478 
EFTA01449822

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449823.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449823.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Tazia Smith 
9/27/2013 11:56:09 AM 
Paul Morris 
aroline Kitidis 
; Amanda Kirby 
Vahe Stepania 
• Kevin Quinn 
DB ISDA - Draft ICI 
Each counterparty listed on Appendix I - ISDA Schedule - 27 Sept 2013 -_ Draft.doc; Guaranty - Jeffrey Epstein - 27 
Sept 1013 - Draft.doc; Each counterparty listed on Appendix I - CSA - 27 Sept 2013 - Draft.doc; pic17441.gif; 
pic19632.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning Darren, 
Please find the ISDA draft for Jeffrey's 
look forward to following up. 
Best Regards, 
Tazia 
Deutsche Bank accounts attached. we 
(See attached file: Each counterparty listed 
Sept 2013 - Draft.doc)(See attached file: 
Sept 1013 - Draft.doc) 
(See attached file: Each counterparty listed 
2013 - Draft.doc) 
on Appendix I - ISDA Schedule -
Guaranty - Jeffrey Epstein - 27 
on Appendix I - CSA - 27 Sept 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17441.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
New York, NV 10154 
Tel. 
Fax + 
Mobil 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19632.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251479 
DB-SDNY-0 105295 
EFTA01449823

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449824.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449824.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
SCHEDULE 
to the 
2002 ISDA Master Agreement 
dated as of 
among 
Deutsche Bank AG ("Party A"), 
and 
Each counterparty listed on Appendix I attached to the Schedule to the Agreement and made a part 
thereof, severally, and not jointly (each a "Party 8") 
It is understood and agreed that this document shall constitute a separate agreement with each party listed 
on Appendix I attached hereto, as if each such party had executed a separate document naming only itself 
as Party B, and that no party listed on Appendix I shall have any liability under this document for the 
obligations of any other party so listed. With respect to any one such party, (i) only Confirmations of 
Transactions between Party A and Party B shall be part of the agreement with such party and (ii) 
references in the Agreement to the Schedule shall be deemed to refer to the Schedule as prepared for such 
party, and the term 'this Agreement" shall be construed accordingly. 
Part 1. Termination Provisions. 
(a) 
"Specified Entity" means: 
in relation to Party A: 
Not Applicable 
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of: 
Section 5(aXv): 
Section 5(aXvi): 
Section 5(aXvii): 
Section 5(bXv): 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
(b) 
The definition of "Specified Transaction" in Section 14 of this Agreement is hereby amended by 
adding the text "prime brokerage or margin lending transaction" after the words "weather index 
transaction- in the tenth line thereof. 
(c) 
The "Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will not apply to Party A and will apply to 
Party B. 
With regard to Party B, "Threshold Amount" means USD 1,000,000 or the equivalent in any 
other currency. 
(d) 
The "Credit Event Upon Merger" provision in Section 5(bXv) will apply to both parties. 
(e) 
The "Bankruptcy" provisions of Section 5(a)(vii) shall apply to Party A and Party B. 
(f) 
The "Automatic Early Termination" provisions of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A or Party 
B. 
(g) 
"Termination Currency" means United States Dollars unless the party which is not the 
Defaulting Party or the Affected Party, as the case may be, shall select an alternative freely 
available and convertible currency as the Termination Currency. 
Confidaitial 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105296 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251480 
EFTA01449824

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449825.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449825.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
Additional Termination Events. The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute a 
Termination Event: 
(i) 
Change of ownership - If there is any change in the beneficial ownership of Jeffrey 
Epstein as of the date of this Agreement. 
(ii) 
The Credit Support Provider of Party B fails to maintain (x) total assets: (y) net worth: and 
(z) liquid assets at least equal to the amounts specified in Appendix B. 
For purposes hereof, net worth of the Credit Support Provider of Party B equals the assets 
of Credit Support Provider of Party B (exclusive of home, furnishings and automobiles) 
minus the liabilities of Credit Support Provider of Party B as reflected in the most recent 
financial statements of Credit Support Provider of Party B delivered to Party A. 
(iii) 
An Adverse Regulatory Change occurs and is continuing. -Adverse Regulatory Change" 
means the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law after the date on which a 
Transaction is entered into, or issuance of any directive or the promulgation of, or any 
change in, the interpretation, whether formal or informal, of any law or directive (or any 
requests, whether or not having the force of law) made by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction after such date which, in respect of a 
Transaction or any assets or hedge incidental thereto, in Party A's good faith 
determination, has the effect with regard to either party of: (A) imposing or adversely 
modifying, in any material respect, any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement; 
or (B) materially affecting the amount of regulatory capital to be maintained by such 
party or (C) subjecting such party to any material loss due to the re-characterization of any 
payments or deliveries to be made under such Transaction; or 
(iv) 
In the reasonable opinion of Party A, there is a material adverse change in the financial 
condition or credit standing of Party B or the Credit Support Provider of Party B from 
either the date of this Agreement or the date of the most recent financial statements of 
Party B or the Credit Support Provider of Party B delivered to Party A. 
For the purpose of the foregoing Termination Events specified in clauses (i) through (iv) above, 
Party B shall be deemed to be the Affected Party and Party A shall not be an Affected Party. 
Part 2. Tax Representations. 
(a) Payer Tax Representations. 
(i) For the purposes of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B will each make 
the following representations to the other. 
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental 
revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on 
account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) 
to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, each 
party may rely on: 
(i) 
the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of 
this Agreement; 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01449825

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449826.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449826.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
(ii) 
the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) 
of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the 
other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(aXiii) of this Agreement, and 
(iii) 
the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this 
Agreement, 
except that it will not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and 
the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(aXiii) by reason of material 
prejudice to its legal or commercial position. 
(b) 
Payee Tax Representations. 
For purposes of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party A makes the following representations: 
(1) Each Transaction entered into by (i) Deutsche Bank AG, New York branch and (ii) Deutsche 
Bank AG, London branch acting through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. or Deutsche Bank AG, 
New York branch, will be treated, solely for United States income tax purposes, as entered into 
by a United States corporation. 
(2) In respect of all Transactions (other than those described in (1) above),it is a "foreign person" 
within the meaning of the applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations concerning information reporting 
and backup withholding tax. No payment received or to be received by it in connection with this 
Agreement is attributable to a trade or business carried on by it through a permanent 
establishment in the United States. 
(3) (a) In respect of each Transaction it enters into through a branch office in the jurisdiction from 
which payment is made or which will be allocated to a trade or business in that jurisdiction for the 
purposes of its income tax, each payment received or to be received by it under such Transaction 
will be derived in carrying on business through a permanent establishment of itself in that 
jurisdiction; 
(b) In respect of all Transactions other than those described in subsection (a) above, it is fully 
eligible for the benefits of the "Business Profits" or "Industrial and Commercial Profits" 
provision, as the case may be, the "Interest" provision, "Dividends" provision or the "Other 
Income". provision (if any) of the Specified Treaty with respect to any payment described in such 
provision and received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement and no such 
payment is attributable to a trade or business carried on by it through a permanent establishment 
in the Specified Jurisdiction. 
"Specified Treaty" means the income tax treaty, if any, between Germany and the jurisdiction 
from which Party B is making payment. 
"Specified Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction from which Party B is making payment. 
(4) In respect of all Transactions where payments made by Party B to Party A are subject to United States 
Dividend Equivalent Tax, other than payments made to Party A's Ncw York branch or payments 
made with respect to Transactions entered into by Party A's London branch acting through Deutsche 
Bank Securities Inc. or Deutsche Bank AG, New York branch, it is fully eligible for the benefits of 
the "Business Profits" or "Industrial and Commercial Profits" provision, as the case may be, the 
"Interest" provision, "Dividends" provision or the -Other Income" provision of the Income Tax 
Confidants' 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105298 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251482 
EFTA01449826

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449827.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449827.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
Convention between the United States and Germany with respect to any payment described in such 
provisions and received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement. 
(b) Payee Tax Representations. 
For purposes of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party B makes the following representations: 
(1) In relation to Darren K. Indyke acting as trustee for and on behalf of The Haze Trust (and 
Southern Financial LLC and Southern Trust Company Inc.): 
[It is a U.S. person, and it is a corporation that is the beneficial owner of all payments to be made to it 
under this Agreement, or it is a [corporation/partnershipitrust/other
1, organized under the 
State of Tennessee, and its taxpayer identification number is [ 
]. 
Or 
(1) In relation to Southern Financial LLC and Southern Trust Company Inc.: 
It is (A) a "foreign person" within the meaning of the applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations 
concerning information reporting and backup withholding tax, (B) organized under the laws of 
and (C) treated as a [corporation/partnership/trust/other 
] for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. No payment received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement 
is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business conducted in the United States.] 
Please confirm which of the above reps would be appropriare in irlalion to Southern Financial I.,IX 
and Southern TRIM Company Inc 
(2) 
It is fully eligible for the benefits of the "Business Profits" or Industrial and Commercial Profits" 
provision, as the case may be, the "Interest" provision, "Dividends" provision or the "Other 
Income" provision (if any) of the Specified Treaty with respect to any payment described in such 
provisions and received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement and no such 
payment is attributable to a trade or business carried on by it through a permanent establishment 
in the Specified Jurisdiction. 
"Specified Treaty" means the income tax treaty, if any, between United States and United 
Kingdom, France, Singapore, Belgium, Australia, Netherlands. Austria, Canada. New Zealand. 
Switzerland or Germany. 
"Specified Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction of Party A's branch office from which pa inent is 
made. 
Part 3. Agreement to Deliver Documents. 
(a) 
For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i), the documents to be delivered are: 
Party required to deliver 
document 
Party A 
Form/Document/ 
Certificate 
A properly executed: 
United 
States 
Internal 
Revenue Service Form W-9 
(or any successor thereto). a 
Date by which to be 
delivered 
(i) Upon execution of this 
Agreement. (ii) promptly 
upon reasonable demand by 
Party B and (iii) promptly 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 105299 
SONY GM_00251483 
EFTA01449827

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449828.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449828.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
Party B 
Party A and Party B 
United 
States 
Internal 
Revenue Service Form W-
SIMY 
and 
withholding 
statement with attached Form 
W-9 from and a United States 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service 
Form 
W-SBEN (or 
any 
successor forms thereto). 
A properly executed United 
States 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service Form W-8BEN (or 
any succesor thereto); Form 
W-8IMY (or any successor 
thereto) along with Forms W-
8/ W-9 from partners plus a 
-withholding statement": or 
Form W-9 (or any successor 
thereto), 
whichever 
is 
applicable. 
My forms required to be 
delivered pursuant to section 
1471(b) or section 1472(bX I ) 
of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 or to any other 
domestic or international law 
or 
intergovernmental 
agreement which brings such 
sections into force in the 
Relevant 
Jurisdictions, 
as 
amended, and 
any 
other 
documentation 
reasonably 
requested by the other party 
as it relates thereto. 
upon learning that any such 
form previously provided by 
Party A has become obsolete 
or incorrect 
(i) Upon execution of this 
Agreement. 
(ii) 
promptly 
upon reasonable demand by 
Party A and (iii) promptly 
upon learning that any such 
form previously provided by 
Party B has become obsolete 
or incorrect. 
On or before the date such 
forms are prescribed by law to 
be supplied and otherwise at 
the time or times reasonably 
requested by the other party. 
but in no event before the 
form and content of such 
forms or other documentation 
are made knout by the IRS. 
(b) 
For the purposes of Section 4(aXii), the other documents to be delivered (which will be covered 
by the representation in Section 3(d) of the Agreement if specified) are: 
Party required to deliver 
document 
Party A and Party B 
Party B 
Form/Document/ 
Certificate 
Evidence 
of 
the 
authority. 
incumbency 
and 
specimen 
signature of each person executing 
this 
Agreement 
or 
any 
Confirmation, 
Credit 
Support 
Document or 
other document 
entered into in connection with this 
Agreement on its behalf or on 
behalf of a Credit Support Provider 
or otherwise, as the case may be. 
Its most recent Prospectus. Private 
Placement 
or 
Offering 
Memorandum, 
the 
Investment 
Management 
Agreement, 
the 
investment policies, procedures. 
restrictions, or guidelines of Party 
the 
current 
disclosure 
documents of Party B, if any, the 
Confidential 
Date by which to be 
delivered 
Upon 
or 
prior 
to 
the 
execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and. with respect 
to any Confirmation upon 
request by the other party. 
As of execution of this 
Agreement, or upon any 
material 
change 
in such 
documents. 
Covered by Section 
3(d) Representation 
Yes 
Yes 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251484 
DB-SDNY-0105300 
EFTA01449828

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449829.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
(g) 
Credit Support Provider. Jeffrey Esptein shall be a Credit Support Provider with respect to Party 
B for all purposes hereof. 
(h) 
Governing Law. 
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York (without reference to its choice of law 
doctrine). 
(i) 
Multiple Transaction Payment Netting. Multiple Transaction Payment Netting will apply 
separately as agreed in writing from time to time. 
(j) 
Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c): 
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, Party A's Affiliates. 
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B. Party B's Affiliates. 
No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement. 
Additional Representation will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement each of 
the following will constitute an Additional Representation: 
(i) 
Representations of All Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent and warrant to 
the other party on and as of the date that it enters into a Transaction (which 
representations and warranties shall be deemed repeated on and as of each date that any 
Transaction remains outstanding) that (absent a written agreement between the parties 
that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction): 
(A) 
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own 
independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that 
Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon 
advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any 
communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a 
recommendation to enter into that Transaction: it being understood that 
information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction 
shall not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to enter 
into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other 
party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results 
of that Transaction. 
(B) 
Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and 
understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), 
and understands and accepts the terms and conditions and risks of that 
Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that 
Transaction. 
(C) 
Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or adviser to it 
in respect of that Transaction. 
(iii) 
Securities Act Representations. 
Each party represents to the other party (which 
representations will be deemed to be repeated by each party on each date on which a 
Transaction is entered into) that: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105303 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251487 
EFTA01449829

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449830.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449830.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
(A) 
it acknowledges that certain Transactions under the Agreement may involve the 
purchase or sale of "securities" as defined under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act') and understands that any such purchase or sale 
of securities will not be registered under the Securities Act and that any such 
securities may not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except 
(I) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and (2) in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States of America. 
(B) 
it is a "qualified institutional buyer" as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act, or an "accredited investor" as defined under the Securities Act; and 
(C) 
unless otherwise expressly provided in a Confirmation for a Transaction, any 
securities it is required to deliver under this Agreement and any Transaction will 
not at the time of such delivery constitute "restricted securities" or be subject to 
restrictions on transfer (including so-called "control securities") under the 
Securities Act (as defined above) or othemisc. This representation will be 
deemed repeated at the time of such delivery. 
(iv) 
Additional Representations of Party B. Party B on and as of the date hereof and at all 
times until the tennination of this Agreement and the Transactions, that (A) the assets of 
Party B do not and, prior to termination of this Agreement and the Transactions, will not 
constitute "plan assets" under Section 3(42) of the Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended ("'ERISA"), and, together with the Agreement and the 
Transactions, are not and will not be subject to Part 4, Subtitle B. Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code'); (B) either (x) 
the assets of Party B do not and will not constitute the assets of any "governmental plan" 
within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA and, together with the Agreement and the 
Transactions, will not be subject to any law, rule or other restriction applicable to the 
assets of any such governmental plan ("Governmental Plan Law") or (y) the execution, 
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transactions do not and will not 
violate any Governmental Plan Law; and (C) Party B is not and, prior to termination of 
this Agreement and the Transactions, will not be, a "Special Entity" as deemed under 
Title VII, Sections 731 or 764 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act of 2010 ("Reform Act") (or the amendments affected thereby). Party B 
will take or permit any action (including, without limitation, permitting or effecting 
withdrawals from Party B or transfers of interests in Party B) during the term of this 
Agreement that may render any of the foregoing representations and/or warranties untrue, 
incorrect or incomplete, and Party B shall promptly notify Party A in writing if it 
becomes aware that any event, condition or circumstance has occurred or will occur that 
may render (or has rendered) any of the foregoing representations and/or warranties 
untrue, incorrect or incomplete. 
Part 5. Other Provisions. 
(a) 
Elective Termination. Unless a confirmation of a Transaction otherwise provides, either party 
(the "Electing Party". the other party being the "Non-electing Party') may elect to terminate any 
Transaction (which shall be deemed to be the only Affected Transaction) on the second (21 
anniversary of the Trade Date of such Transaction and annually thereafter (which date shall be 
the Early Termination Date with respect to such Transaction) by at least five (5) days' prior 
Confidaitial 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105304 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251488 
EFTA01449830

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449831.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449831.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
notice, provided that no other Event of Default, Potential Event of Default, or Termination Event 
shall have occurred and then be continuing under this Agreement on such Early Termination Date 
(any such termination, an "Elective Termination"). 
For purposes of calculating amounts due under this Part 5(a), the Electing Party shall be treated as 
if it were the Affected Party and the Non-electing Party shall be treated as if it were the Non-
affected Party. 
For the purposes of calculating amounts due under an Elective Termination, all references to 
Additional Termination Event under Sections 6(b), (c), (d), and (c) should be read as references to 
an Elective Termination and should apply mutatis mutandi. 
(b) 
Consent to Recording. Each party (i) consents to the recording of the telephone conversations of 
trading and marketing and/or other personnel of the parties and their Affiliates in connection with 
this Agreement or any potential Transaction (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of and 
give notice of such recording to such personnel of it and its Affiliates; and (iii) agrees that 
recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings relating to this Agreement. 
(e) 
Tax Provisions. 
(I) ISDA 2010 Short Form HIRE Act Protocol. The parties agree that solely as between Party 
A and Party B, the definitions and provisions contained in the ISDA 2010 Short Form HIRE 
Act Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on 
November 30, 2010, including the Attachment thereto ("Short Form Protocol"), will be 
deemed to be incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis. as though such definitions and 
provisions were set out in full herein. with any such conforming changes as are necessary to 
deal with what would otherwise be inappropriate or incorrect cross references. The parties 
further agree that the Implementation Date (as such term is defined in the Short Form 
Protocol) shall be the date of execution of this Agreement. 
(2) Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United 
States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. "Tax" as used in Part 2(a) of this Schedule 
(Payer Tax Representation) and -Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of this 
Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a "FATCA Withholding 
Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or 
withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this 
Agreement. 
(d) 
Party B Representations and Acknowledgements, Non-Reliance, Etc. 
Party B hereby 
represents, warrants and acknowledges to Party A as of the date of this Agreement and will be 
deemed to represent to Party A on the date that Party B enters into a Transaction that (absent a 
written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the 
contrary for that Transaction) that: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105305 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251489 
EFTA01449831

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449832.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449832.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
(i) Party B understands that (x) that Transactions may at times be volatile and are subject to 
complex and substantial risks that may arise without warning and (y) losses in value for 
Party B's position in that Transactions may occur quickly and in unanticipated magnitude. 
(ii) Party A has made no representations, guarantees, or assurances whatsoever as to the 
expected or projected profitability, return, success, performance result, effect. consequence 
or benefit (whether legal, regulatory, tax, financial, accounting or otherwise) of that 
Transaction. Party B will be relying upon its own judgement and its own advisors with 
respect to that Transaction and Party• B has not sought and is not relying on any views of 
Party A with respect to that Transaction. All terms of, and the documentation evidencing, 
this Agreement and that Transaction have been the result of arm's-length negotiations 
between the parties. 
(iii)Party A shall not be liable to Party B for any losses, costs, expenses, fees, charges, 
amounts, liabilities, claims, damages. penalties, interest, taxes, or fines associated %% ith that 
Transaction, including the failure of that Transaction to achieve Party B's legal, regulatory. 
tax, business, investment, financial, or accounting objectives. 
(iv) Party B entered into this Agreement and is entering into that Transaction for Party B's own 
account as principal (and not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise). 
(v) Party B has, as of such date, (x) total assets; (y) net worth (for the purposes hereof, net 
worth equals the assets of Party B minus the liabilities of Party B as reflected in the most 
recent financial statements of Party B delivered to Party A); and (z) liquid assets at least 
equal to the amounts specified in Appendix II to the Schedule to the Agreement. Party B is 
prepared to bear, and will be capable of bearing (financially and otherwise) all risks 
associated with that Transaction and all other Transactions and has sufficient financial 
wherewithal to incur any loss associated with entering into and performing its obligations 
under that Transaction and all other Transactions. 
(vi) Party B's entrance into this Agreement and that Transaction complied and will comply in 
all respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, interpretations, guidelines, and 
governmental and regulatory• authorities affecting Party B. 
(vii) The financial information of Party B heretofore furnished to Party A fairly presents the 
financial condition of Party B on the dates and for the periods covered thereby. As of the 
date of this Agreement, Party B does not have any material liability or contingent 
obligation not shown on such statements. Since the date of such financial information there 
has been no material adverse change in the financial condition, operations, assets, and 
prospects of Party B. 
(e) 
Set Off Section 6(f) of this Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"(t) 
Upon the designation of any Early Termination Date, the party that is not the Defaulting 
Party or Affected Party ("X") may, without prior notice to the Defaulting or Affected Party 
("Y"), set off any sum or obligation (whether or not arising under this Agreement, whether 
matured or unmatured, whether or not contingent and irrespective of the currency. place of 
payment or booking office of the sum or obligation) owed by Y to X or any Affiliate of X (the "X 
Set Off Amount") against any sum or obligation (whether or not arising under this Agreement, 
whether matured or unmatured, whether or not contingent and irrespective of the currency, place 
of payment or booking office of the sum or obligation) owed by X or any Affiliate of X to Y (the 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105306 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251490 
EFTA01449832

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449833.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449833.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
"Y Set Off Amount"). X will give notice to the other party of any set off effected under this 
Section 6(f). 
For this purpose, either the X Set Off Amount or the Y Set Off Amount (or the relevant portion of 
such set off amounts) may be converted by X into the currency in which the other set off amount 
is denominated at the rate of exchange at which X would be able, acting in a reasonable manner 
and in good faith, to purchase the relevant amount of such currency. 
If a sum or obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that obligation and set-off in 
respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is 
ascertained. 
Nothing in this Section 6(f) shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This 
Section 6(f) shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, combination of 
accounts, lien or other rights to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by 
operation of law, contract or otherwise)." 
(f) 
Escrow. On any date on which both parties arc required to make payments hereunder, either 
party may at its option and in its sole discretion notify the other party that payments on that date 
arc to be made in escrow. In this case deposit of the payment due earlier on that date shall be 
made by 2:00 p.m. (local time at the place for the earlier payment if there is a time difference 
between the cities in which payments are to be made) on that date with an escrow agent selected 
by the party giving the notice and reasonably acceptable to the other party, accompanied by 
irrevocable payment instructions (i) to release the deposited payment to the intended recipient 
upon receipt by the escrow agent of the required deposit of the corresponding payment from the 
other party on the same date accompanied by irrevocable payment instructions to the same effect 
or (ii) if the required deposit of the corresponding payment is not made on that same date, to 
return the payment deposited to the party that paid it into escrow at such party's request. The 
party that elects to have payments made in escrow shall pay the costs of the escrow arrangements 
and shall cause those arrangements to provide that the intended recipient of the payment due to be 
deposited first shall be entitled to interest on that deposited payment for each day in the period of 
its deposit at the rate offered by the escrow agent for that day for overnight deposits in the 
relevant currency in the office where it holds that deposited payment (at 11:00 a.m. local time on 
that day) if that payment is not released by 5:00 p.m. local time on the date it is deposited for any 
mason other than the intended recipient's failure to make the escrow deposit it is required to make 
hereunder in a timely fashion. 
(g) 
Additional Acknowledgments and Agreements of the Parties. Section 4 is hereby amended by 
adding the following new agreements: 
(i) 
Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. Each of the parties hereby irrevocably waives any and 
all right to a trial by jury with respect to any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement or any Transaction. 
(ii) 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Each party acknowledges and agrees that (A) Deutsche 
Bank Securities Inc. or another designated Affiliate of Party A (the "Designated Agent") 
will act as agent for Party A in connection with certain Transactions when so specified in 
the Transaction Confirmation: and (B) the Designated Agent is acting solely as agent and 
shall have no liability for the performance of either party's obligations under this 
Agreement or any Transaction, or for costs, expenses, damages or claims arising out of 
the failure of either party to perform any such obligation. 
Contidmtial 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105307 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251491 
EFTA01449833

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449834.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449834.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
(iii) 
Bankruptcy Code Without limiting the applicability if any, of any other provision of the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code as amended (the "Bankruptcy Code") (including without 
limitation Sections 362, 546, 556, and 560 thereof and the applicable definitions in 
Section 101 thereof), the parties acknowledge and agree that all Transactions entered into 
hereunder will constitute "forward contracts" or "swap agreements" as defined in Section 
101 of the Bankruptcy Code or "commodity contracts" as defined in Section 761 of the 
Bankruptcy Code, that this Agreement is a "master netting agreement" as defined in 
Section 101 of the Bankruptcy Code, that the rights of the parties under Section 6 of this 
Agreement will constitute contractual rights to liquidate Transactions, that any margin or 
collateral provided under any margin, collateral, security, pledge, or similar agreement 
related hereto will constitute a -margin payment" as defined in Section 101 of the 
Bankruptcy Code, and that the parties arc entities entitled to the rights under, and 
protections afforded by, Sections 362, 546, 556, and 560 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
(1) 
Amendments. Section 9(b) is modified by the deletion of the words "or confirmed by an 
exchange of telexes or by an exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging 
system". 
(i) 
Counterparts and Confirmation Section 9(e)(i) is modified by the deletion of the words "and 
by electronic messaging system". 
(j) 
Foreign Exchange, Currency Option, Commodity and Bullion Transactions 
(i) 
The parties agree that any transaction that is entered into between them through an Office 
specified in Part 4 of the Schedule to this Agreement which is (a) outstanding between 
them at the date this Agreement comes into effect or (b) entered into by them on or after 
the date this Agreement comes into effect, and is 
(I) 
an FX Transaction or a Currency Option Transaction (as those terms are defined 
in the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions, including Annex A, published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), the 
Emerging Markets Traders Association and the Foreign Exchange Committee 
(the "FX Definitions")) will be deemed to incorporate the FX Definitions into 
the Confirmation thereof: or 
(II) 
a Transaction (as that term is defined in the 2005 ISDA Commodity Definitions 
(published by ISDA) (the "2005 Commodity Definitionn) will be deemed to 
incorporate the 2005 Commodity Definitions into the Confirmation thereof 
and each transaction of a type described in (I) and (II) will be a Transaction for the 
purpose of this Agreement whether or not a Confirmation of such a Transaction refers to 
this Agreement and irrespective of any reference in a Confirmation to the -International 
Bullion Master Agreement", the "LBMA", or the -IBMA", provided however, if a 
confirmation of any such transaction expressly states that another master agreement 
governs, such transaction will not be a Transaction for the purpose of this Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, FX Transaction(s) include foreign exchange swap(s) but not 
cross currency interest rate swap(s). 
(ii) 
Section 1(b) of this Agreement is amended by adding the following proviso at the end 
thereof: "provided, however, that with respect to (i) an FX Transaction (other than one 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105308 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251492 
EFTA01449834

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449835.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449835.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
that is identified as non-deliverable in the relevant Confirmation) and (ii) a Transaction 
(which is confirmed using an electronic messaging system) (as each such transaction type 
is defined in this provision of the Schedule to this Agreement) this Agreement will 
prevail unless the relevant Confirmation specifically references this Agreement." 
(k) 
Disclosure 
Each party hereby consents to the communication or disclosure by the other party 
of information in respect of or relating to this Agreement and any Transactions hereunder to such 
other party's branches, subsidiaries and Affiliates and, to the extent required by law or regulation. 
any government or regulatory authority. 
(1) 
2002 Master Agreement Protocol 
The parties agree that the provisions of the 2002 Master Agreement Protocol including Annexes 1 
- 18 inclusive published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc on 15th July 
2003 (the "Protocol") are incorporated into and apply to this Agreement with the same effect as 
if the parties had complied with the provisions of Section 2 of the Protocol. In this respect, 
references in the Protocol to an "ISDA 2002 Master Agreement" will be deemed to be references 
to this Agreement and the term "the parties", as used in the Protocol shall be construed as 
referring to Party A and Party B. 
(m) 
Master Representations. 
The representations set forth in Section 3(a)(ii)-(iv) are hereby 
amended by adding to the end of each such sub-section the following: 
provided that, solely to 
the extent made by Party A, this representation does not apply with respect to section 406 of 
ERISA, section 4975 of the Code, Governmental Plan Law, or Sections 731 or 764 of the Reform 
Act (or the statutory amendments enacted thereunder)." 
(n) 
(A) Eligible Contract Participant Representation. (i) Party A represents to Party B on and as 
of the date hereof and on each date on which a Transaction is entered into between them that (a) it 
is a -swap dealer" as defined in Section la(49) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended 
("CEA") and Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") Regulation I .3(ggg) and (b) it 
is an "eligible contract participant" within the meaning of Section la(18XAXi) of the CEA and 
CFTC Regulation 1.3(m). (ii) Party B represents to Party A on and as of the date hereof and on 
each date on which a Transaction is entered into between them it is an "eligible contract 
participant" within the meaning of Section la(18XA) [insert relevant provision(s)] of the CEA 
and CFTC Regulation I .3(m). (iii) Each party agrees to promptly notify the other party in writing 
of any material changes to its representation(s) in this provision. 
(B) US Person Classification. Party B is a U.S. person as such term is defined by the CFTC in 
any law, order, interpretation rulemaking or release that may be promulgated by the CFTC. 
(C) In order to comply with certain obligations pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank") and the rules, regulations, orders and 
interpretations that are published or issued by the CFTC to implement Dodd-Frank, Party A and 
Party B agree that, prior to entering into a Transaction governed by this Agreement, they (I) have 
or will (a) adhere to the ISDA August 2012 DF Protocol Agreement, published by International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") on August 13, 2012 and (b) submit the related 
Questionnaire (the "August 2012 DF Protocol Questionnaire") to Party A [[via ISDA Amend (at 
www.Markit.com)] or [by email to df.protocol@db.com together with the related Answer Sheet 
in excel format] and in such Questionnaire have or will agree that DF Schedule [3/4/5/6], if 
applicable, is incorporated in the Agreement and (2) have or will (a) adhere to the ISDA March 
2013 DF Protocol Agreement, published by ISDA on March 22, 2013 and (b) submit the related 
Contideniial 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105309 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251493 
EFTA01449835

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449836.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
questionnaire (the "March 2013 
Protocol Questionnaire"; and together with the August 2012 
■ 
Protocol Questionnaire, the " 
estionnaires" to Party A [[via ISDA Amend (at 
www.Markit.com)] or [by email to 
together with the 'elated Answer Sheet 
in excel format] and has elected that 
Schedules 3 and 4. if applicable, are incorporated in the 
Agreement. In addition, if one or more Designated Evaluation Agents, Designated QIRs or 
Designated Fiduciaries is identified in the August 2012 
Protocol Questionnaire, each such 
Designated Evaluation Agent Designated QIR or Designated Fiduciary, as the case may be, must 
countersign the August 2012 r 
Protocol Questionnaire where required and submit it to Party A 
usin ISDA Amend or send the August 2012 
Protocol Questionnaire via email to 
The parties agree that if the Questionnaires are exchanged prior to the date of this Agreement, this 
Agreement shall be a Protocol Covered Agreement notwithstanding the terms of the respective 
Protocol. 
(signature page follows) 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
By: 
By: 
Name: 
Name: 
Title: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
DARREN K. INDYKE ACTING AS TRUSTEE 
FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE HAZE 
TRUST 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105310 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251494 
EFTA01449836

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449837.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
Appendix I 
Party B 
Addresses for Notices 
Process Agent 
Southern Financial LLC 
6100 Redd Hook Quarter, B3 
St. Thomas 00802 
Virgin Islands (U.S) 
Please specify address in NY 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
Same as above 
Please specify address in NY 
Darren K. Indyke acting as 
trustee for and on behalf of The 
Haze Trust 
New York (Please advise address) Not applicable 
Contideniial 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105311 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251495 
EFTA01449837

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449838.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449838.pdf
----------------------------------------
DRAFT 
Appendix II 
Party B 
Amounts for the purposes of Part 1(h)(ii) of this Schedule to the 
Agreement 
Total Assets 
Liquid Assets 
Net worth 
Southern Financial LLC 
USD 100,000,000 
USD 25,000,000 
USD 100,000,000 
Southern Trust Company 
Inc. 
Darren K. Indyke acting 
as trustee for and on 
behalf of The Haze Trust 
Party B 
Amounts for the purposes of Part 5(d)(v) of this Schedule to the 
Agreement 
Total Assets 
Liquid Assets 
Net worth 
Southern Financial LLC 
USD 100,000,000 
USD 25.000,000 
USD 100,000,000 
Southern Trust 
Company Inc. 
USD 25,000,000 
USD I5.900.00o 
USD 25,000,000 
Darien K. Indyke acting 
as trustee for and on 
behalf of The Haze Trust 
USD 75,000,000 
USD 15,000,000 
USD 75,000,000 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251496 
DB-SDNY-0105312 
EFTA01449838

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449839.pdf
----------------------------------------
GUARANTY 
GUARANTY dated as of September 
j. 2013 made by Jeffrey Epstein, a 
resident (the "Guarantor") in favor of Deutsche Bank AG, a corporation 
organized under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, including any of its branches 
anywhere (the "Bank"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have 
the meaning provided in the Master Agreement referred to below. 
WHEREAS, the Bank and each counterparty listed on Appendix A attached hereto 
and made a part hereof, severally, and not jointly (each an "Obligor") have entered into a 
Master Agreement of even date herewith (as amended, modified or supplemented from time 
to time, by any confirmation contemplated therein or otherwise, the "Master Agreement") 
and it is a requirement of the Master Agreement that the Obligor deliver this Guaranty for 
Obligor's obligations under the Master Agreement to the Bank. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above and other 
good and valuable consideration receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and as an 
inducement to the Bank to enter into Transactions with the Obligor, the Guarantor hereby 
consents and agrees as follows: 
1. 
Guaranty. (a) The Guarantor unconditionally, irrevocably guarantees to the 
Bank payment when due, whether by acceleration or otherwise, of the full amount of any 
and all obligations and liabilities, direct or contingent, joint, several or independent, now or 
hereafter existing, due or to become due to, or held or to be held by, the Bank, whether 
created directly or acquired by assignment or otherwise, of the Obligor to the Bank arising 
from or in connection with the Master Agreement together with all expenses incurred by the 
Bank in enforcing any of such obligations and liabilities or the terms hereof, including, 
without limitation, fees and expenses of legal counsel. The Guarantor waives notice of 
acceptance of this Guaranty and of any obligation to which it applies or may apply under the 
terms hereof, and waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, notice of dishonor or 
non-payment, protest, notice of protest, of any such obligations, suit or taking other action 
by the Bank against, and giving any notice of default or other notice to, or making any 
demand on, any party liable thereon (including the Guarantor). Payment by the Guarantor is 
in all cases to be made in the Contractual Currency of the payment obligation of the Obligor 
and to the account designated for payments by the Obligor or such other account as the Bank 
may direct. 
(b) This Guaranty is a primary obligation of the Guarantor and is an absolute, 
unconditional, continuing and irrevocable guaranty of payment and not of collectibility or 
performance and is in no way conditioned on or contingent upon any attempt to enforce in 
whole or in part the Obligor's liabilities and obligations to the Bank. If the Obligor shall fail 
to pay any liabilities or obligations to the Bank as and when they are due, the Guarantor shall 
forthwith pay such liabilities or obligations in immediately available funds without the Bank 
having any obligation to notify Guarantor of such failure to pay. Each failure by the Obligor 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105313 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251497 
EFTA01449839

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449840.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449840.pdf
----------------------------------------
to pay any liabilities or any obligations shall give rise to a separate cause of action herewith, 
and separate suits may be brought hereunder as each cause of action arises. 
(c) The Bank may, at any time and from time to time (whether or not after 
revocation or termination of this Guaranty) without the consent of or notice to the 
Guarantor, except such notice as may be required by applicable statute which cannot be 
waived, without incurring responsibility to the Guarantor, without impairing or releasing the 
obligations of the Guarantor hereunder, upon or without any terms or conditions and in 
whole or in part, (i) change the manner, place and terms of payment or change or extend 
the time of payment of, renew, or alter any obligation of the Obligor hereby guaranteed, or 
any obligations and liabilities (including any of those hereunder) incurred directly or 
indirectly in respect thereof or hereof or in any manner modify, amend or supplement the 
terms of the Master Agreement or any documents, instruments or agreements executed in 
connection therewith, including with respect to security or collateral, and the Guaranty 
herein made shall apply to the obligations and liabilities of the Obligor, changed, extended, 
renewed, modified, amended, supplemented or altered in any manner, (ii) exercise or 
refrain from exercising any rights against the Obligor or others (including the Guarantor) or 
otherwise act or refrain from acting, including with respect to security or collateral (iii) 
settle or compromise any obligations and liabilities hereby guaranteed and/or any obligations 
and liabilities (including any of those hereunder) incurred directly or indirectly in respect 
thereof or hereof, and may subordinate the payment of all or any part thereof to the payment 
of any obligations and liabilities which may be due to the Bank or others, (iv) sell, 
exchange, release, surrender, realize upon or otherwise deal with in any manner or in any 
order any property by whomsoever pledged or mortgaged to secure or howsoever securing 
the liabilities or obligations hereby guaranteed or any liabilities or obligations (including any 
of those hereunder) incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof or hereof and/or any 
offset thereagainst and (v) apply any sums by whomsoever paid or howsoever realized to 
any obligations and liabilities of the Obligor to the Bank regardless of what obligations and 
liabilities remain unpaid. 
(d) No invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of the obligations or liabilities 
hereby guaranteed, ineffectiveness of, or absence or failure of first priority status of, any 
security interest in property of the Obligor intended to secure the obligations or liabilities 
hereby guaranteed, or incapacity of the Obligor, shall affect, impair, or be a defense to this 
Guaranty, which is a primary obligation of the Guarantor. 
(e) This Guaranty shall not be affected by the occurrence of any Event of Default, 
Potential Event of Default or Termination Event, by the existence of any bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization or similar proceedings involving the Obligor, by any change in 
the laws, ►ules or regulations of any jurisdiction or by any present or future action of any 
governmental authority or court amending, varying, reducing or otherwise affecting or 
purporting to amend, vary, reduce or otherwise affect, any of the obligations of the Obligor 
under the Master Agreement or of the Guarantor under this Guaranty or by any other 
circumstance (other than complete, irrevocable payment) that might otherwise constitute a 
legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or a guarantor. This Guaranty shall be 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105314 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251498 
EFTA01449840

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449841.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449841.pdf
----------------------------------------
reinstated if at any time (including any time after its termination or expiration) any payment 
by the Obligor, in whole or in part, is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by the Bank 
upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Obligor or otherwise, all as though 
that payment had not been made. 
(f) 
This is a continuing Guaranty and all obligations to which it applies or may 
apply under the terms hereof shall be conclusively presumed to have been created in reliance 
hereon. If the Guarantor gives the Bank written notice of its intention to terminate its 
obligations under this Guaranty, the notice shall operate to terminate those obligations in 
respect of all Transactions whose Trade Dates occur on or after the termination date 
specified in the notice; provided however that no such notice shall have any effect unless the 
termination date stated in it occurs at least ten Business Days after the date the notice is 
effective. A notice given in accordance with this provision shall not affect the obligations of 
the Guarantor under this Guaranty in respect of Transactions whose Trade Date occurs 
before the termination date stated in the notice. 
(g) If any amount payable by the Guarantor hereunder is not paid as and when due, 
the Guarantor authorizes the Bank to proceed, without prior notice, by right of set-off, 
counterclaim or otherwise, against any assets of the Guarantor that may at the time be in the 
possession of the Bank at any branch or office, to the full extent of all amounts payable to 
the Bank hereunder. 
(h) Except as otherwise required by law, each payment required to be made by the 
Guarantor to the Bank hereunder shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on 
account of Taxes. If such deduction or withholding is so required, the Guarantor shall (i) 
pay the amount required to be deducted or withheld to the appropriate authorities before 
penalties attach thereto or interest accrues thereon, (ii) promptly forward to the Bank an 
official receipt evidencing such payment (or a certified copy thereof), and (iii) in the case of 
any such deduction or withholding, forthwith pay to the Bank such additional amount as 
may be necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by the Bank free and clear 
of such Taxes, including any Taxes on such additional amount, is equal to the amount that 
the Bank would have received had there been no such deduction or withholding. 
(i) 
The provisions of Section 8 of the Master Agreement shall apply to amounts 
payable under this Guaranty as fully as if they were set forth in and referred to this Guaranty. 
2. 
Representations and Warranties. The Guarantor makes the representations and 
warranties set forth in subsections (a) through (c) and (e) of Section 3 of the Master 
Agreement to the Bank on such basis and as if the references therein to the Master 
Agreement were references to this Guaranty. The Guarantor also represents and warrants to 
the Bank that any certificates relating to the Guarantor to be delivered pursuant to Section 4 
of the Agreement are true, accurate and complete in every material respect as of the dates of 
the certificates, and that any financial information to be provided pursuant to that Section 
fairly presents the financial condition of the Guarantor as at the dates at which the financial 
information is stated to apply and the results of the operations of the Guarantor for the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105315 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251499 
EFTA01449841

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449842.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449842.pdf
----------------------------------------
applicable periods. The immediately preceding representation shall be deemed repeated each 
time such financial information is delivered pursuant to the Master Agreement. 
3. 
Covenants. (a) On or prior to the date hereof, the Guarantor shall deliver to 
the Bank an opinion letter substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto. 
(b) So long as the Obligor has any obligation to the Bank of a kind described in 
Section I of this Guaranty, the Guarantor agrees that: 
(i) 
It will use all reasonable efforts to maintain in full force and effect all consents 
of any governmental or other authority that are required to be obtained by it with respect to 
this Agreement and will use all reasonable efforts to obtain any that may become necessary 
in the future; 
(ii) It will comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and orders to 
which it may be subject if failure so to comply would materially impair its ability to perform 
its obligations under this Agreement and; 
(iii) It will perform any agreements set forth in Section 4 of the Master Agreement 
with respect to the Guarantor for the benefit of the Bank as if the Guarantor were a party to 
the Master Agreement and references therein to the Master Agreement were references to 
this Guaranty. 
4. 
Subrogation. So long as any amount payable by the Obligor under the Master 
Agreement is overdue and unpaid, the Guarantor shall not (i) exercise any right of 
subrogation or indemnity, or similar right or remedy, against the Obligor or any of its assets 
or property in respect of any amount paid by the Guarantor under this Guaranty or (ii) file a 
proof of claim in competition with the Bank for any amount owing to the insolvency or 
liquidation of the Obligor. If at any time when any such amount is overdue and unpaid the 
Guarantor receives any amount as a result of any action against the Obligor or any of its 
property or assets or otherwise for or on account of any payment made by the Guarantor 
under this Guaranty, the Guarantor shall forthwith pay that amount received by it to the 
Bank, to be credited and applied against the amount so payable by the Obligor 
5. 
Successions or Assignments. (a) This Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of 
the successors or assigns of the Bank who shall have, to the extent of their interest, the rights 
of the Bank hereunder; provided, however, that the rights of the Bank hereunder, if any be 
retained by it, shall have priority over and be senior to the rights of its successors or assigns 
unless the Bank shall otherwise elect. 
(b) 
This Guaranty is binding upon the Guarantor and its successors and assigns. 
The Guarantor is not entitled to assign its obligations hereunder to any other person or any 
of its other branches or offices without the written consent of the Bank, and any purported 
assignment in violation of this provision shall be void. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105316 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251500 
EFTA01449842

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449843.pdf
----------------------------------------
6. 
Amendments, Waivers, Notices. All amendments, waivers and modifications 
of or to any provision of this Guaranty and any consent to departure by the Guarantor from 
the teens hereof shall be in writing and signed and delivered by the Bank and, in the case of 
any such amendment or modification, by the Guarantor, and shall not otherwise be effective. 
Any such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the 
purpose for which it is given. Any notice or communication to the Bank or the Guarantor in 
connection with this Guaranty shall be addressed to it at the address specified in Part 4(a) of 
the Schedule to the Master Agreement, or such other address as may be specified by notice 
to the intended recipient. The giving of notice to the Guarantor in any instance shall not 
entitle the Guarantor to any other or further notice in similar or other circumstances. 
7. 
Waiver of Jury Trial. 
The Guarantor waives the right of trial by jury in any 
event of any litigation between it and the Bank in respect of any matter arising under this 
Guaranty, and agrees that, if the Bank brings any judicial proceedings in relation to any such 
matter, the Guarantor will not interpose any counterclaim or set-off of any nature. 
8. 
Interpretation and Definitions. Terms defined in the Master Agreement or the 
2006 ISDA Definitions that are used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the 
meanings given to them in the Master Agreement except that references to "Agreement" in 
the definition of any such term shall be deemed for the purposes of the Guaranty to be 
references to the Guaranty. 
9. 
Jurisdiction; Governing Law. 
This Guaranty shall be governed by and 
construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without 
reference to choice of law doctrine). The Guarantor irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive 
jurisdiction of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the 
Borough of Manhattan in New York City for purposes of any suit, action or proceedings 
relating to this Guaranty ("Proceedings"). The Guarantor irrevocably waives, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, any defense or objection it may have that any such Proceedings in 
any such court have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to 
object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court does not have jurisdiction over the 
Guarantor. Nothing herein contained shall preclude the Bank from bringing Proceedings in 
any other jurisdiction nor will the bringing of Proceedings in one jurisdiction preclude the 
bringing of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction. 
10. 
Integration of Terms. 
This Guaranty contains the entire agreement between 
the Guarantor and the Bank relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all oral 
statements and prior writing with respect hereto. 
11. 
Headings. Headings in this Guaranty are provided for convenience only and 
shall not affect the meaning or construction of any provision hereof. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Guarantor has caused this Guaranty to be duly 
executed and delivered in New York City as of the day and year first written above. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105317 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251501 
EFTA01449843

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449844.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449844.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
By: 
Title: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105318 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251502 
EFTA01449844

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449845.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449845.pdf
----------------------------------------
Appendix A 
Name of Counterparty 
Southern Financial LLC 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
Darren K. Indyke acting as trustee for and on behalf of The Haze 
Trust 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105319 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251503 
EFTA01449845

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449846.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449846.pdf
----------------------------------------
(e) 
Valuation and Timing. 
(i) 
"Valuation Agent" means: Party A. 
(ii) 
"Valuation Date" means: Any Local Business Day. 
(iii) 
"Valuation Time" means: 
the close of business in the city of the Valuation Agent on the Valuation Date or date 
of calculation, as applicable; 
R1 
the close of business on the Local Business Day before the Valuation Date or date of 
calculation, as applicable; 
provided that the calculations of Value and Exposure will be made as of approximately the 
same time on the same date. 
(iv) 
"Notification Time"  means 1:00 pm, New York time, on a Local Business Day. 
(d) 
Conditions Precedent and Secured Party's Rights and Remedies. 
Each Termination Event 
specified below with respect to a party will be a "Specified Condition" for that party (the specified 
party being the Affected Party if a Termination Event or Additional Termination Event occurs with 
respect to that party): 
Parry A 
Party B 
Illegality 
IX] 
[X] 
Tax Event 
I 1 
I ] 
Tax Event Upon Merger 
I 1 
I 1 
Credit Event Upon Mager 
IX] 
[X] 
The Additional Termination Events 
IX] 
[X] 
mocified in Pan I (other than an Elective 
Termination) of the Schedule to this 
Agimunnt or any event which. with the 
giving of notice or the lapse of time or both. 
;mild constitute an Additional Termination 
Event. 
(e) 
Substitution. 
(i) 
"Substitution Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(ii). 
(ii) 
Consent. If specified here as applicable, then the Pledgor must obtain the Secured Party's 
consent for any substitution pursuant to Paragraph 4(d): Inapplicable 
(f) 
Dispute Resolution. 
(i) 
"Resolution Time" means 1:00 p.m., New York time, on the Local Business Day following 
the date on which the notice is given that gives rise to a dispute under Paragraph 5. 
(ii) 
Value. For the purpose of Paragraphs 5(i)(C) and 5(ii), the Value of Posted Credit Support 
will be calculated as follows: as set forth for other purposes in Paragraph 12. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105322 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251506 
EFTA01449846

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449847.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449847.pdf
----------------------------------------
(iii) 
Alternative. The provisions of Paragraph 5 will apply, except to the following extent: (A) 
pending the resolution of a dispute. Transfer of the undisputed Value of Eligible Credit 
Support or Posted Credit Support involved in the relevant demand will be due as provided in 
Paragraph 5 if the demand is given by the Notification Time, but will be due on the second 
Local Business Day after the demand if the demand is given after the Notification Time: and 
(B) the Disputing Party need not comply with the provisions of Paragraph 5(I1X2) if the 
amount to be Transferred does not exceed the Disputing Party's Minimum Transfer Amount. 
(g) 
Holding and Using Posted Collateral. 
(i) 
Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral; Custodians. Party A and its Custodian will be entitled 
to hold Posted Collateral pursuant to Paragraph 6(b). 
Initially, the Custodian for Party A is: Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch. 
(ii) 
Use of Posted Collateral. The provisions of Paragraph 6(e) will apply to Party A. 
(iii) 
Collateral Account All Eligible Collateral received by Party A from Party B (other than 
Contract Rights and Eligible Accounts) shall be credited to one or more accounts (each, a 
"Collateral Account") at Party A, or its Custodian, each of which may include property of 
other parties but %%ill bear a tide indicating that the property in such Collateral Account is 
held as security. 
Party A shall cause statements concerning the Posted Collateral held in each Collateral 
Account to be delivered to Party B on request, which may not be made more frequently than 
once in each calendar month. Nothing in this Paragraph 13(g)(iii) shall be constructed as 
limiting the right of Party A to use or otherwise dispose of Posted Collateral pursuant to 
Paragraph 6(c). 
Party A shall have no responsibility for ascertaining or informing Party B with respect to, 
and shall not be required to take any action concerning, any maturities, calls, conversions, 
exchanges, offers, tenders, redemptions or similar matters relating to any of the Posted 
Collateral, regardless of whether Party A has or is deemed to have knowledge of any thereof. 
(iv) 
Eligible Accounts. 
Party B may close, or withdraw funds or property from, an Eligible 
Account provided as Eligible Collateral only if (i) such close or withdrawal is part of a 
substitution effected in accordance with Paragraph 4(d) of this Annex or (ii) after giving 
effect to such close or withdrawal, the value of the remaining Posted Collateral for purposes 
of this Annex will be equal to or greater than that required hereunder. 
Party B hereby irrevocably authorizes Party A and its affiliates to disregard any instruction 
from Party B relating to an Eligible Account established with such entity which violates the 
provisions of this Paragraph 13(g)(iv). 
Party B hereby irrevocably authorizes Party A to originate entitlement orders (within the 
meaning of Article 8 of the Ncw York Uniform Commercial Code) with respect to each 
Eligible Account maintained with an affiliate of Party A, and each such affiliate agrees that 
(x) it will comply with such entitlement orders originated by Party A without further consent 
by Party B and (y) it is acting as agent for Party A N% ith respect to such Eligible Account. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105323 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251507 
EFTA01449847

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449848.pdf
----------------------------------------
(h) 
Distributions and Interest Amount 
(i) 
Interest Rate. The "Interest Rate" will be with respect to Eligible Collateral in the fonn of 
Cash, for any day, the rate opposite the caption "Federal Funds (Effective)" for such day as 
published for such day in Federal Reserve Publication H.15(519) or any successor 
publication as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
(i) 
(ii) 
Transfer of Interest Amount. The Transfer of the Interest Amount will be made on the first 
Local Business Day of each calendar month. 
(iii) 
Alternative to Interest Amount The provisions of Paragraph 6(d)(ii) will apply. 
Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support 
(i) 
"Value" with respect to Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support means: 
Inapplicable 
(ii) 
"Transfer" with respect to Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support means: 
Inapplicable 
(j) 
Demands and Notices All demands, specifications and notices under this Annex will be made 
pursuant to the Notices Section of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified here: 
Party A: 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Ncw York, NY 10005 
Attention: 
Collateral Management 
Telephone No.: 
Fax No.: 
Pam• B: 
Same as provided in Notices section of the Agreement 
(k) 
Addresses for Transfers 
Party A: 
Party B: 
To be notified from time to time 
To be notified from time to time 
(I) 
Other Provisions 
(i) 
Limit on Secured Party's Liability. The Secured Party will not be liable for any losses or 
damages that the Pledgor may suffer as a result of any failure by the Secured Party to 
perform, or any delay by it in performing, any of its obligations under this Annex if the 
failure or delay results from circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the Secured 
Party or its Custodian, such as intemiption or loss of computer or communication services, 
labor disturbance, natural disaster or local or national emergency. 
(ii) 
Further Assurances If the Pledgor fails (a) to execute and deliver to the Secured Party such 
financing statements, assignments, or other documents or (b) to do such other things relating 
to the Posted Collateral as the Secured Party may reasonably request in order to protect and 
maintain its security interest in the Posted Collateral and to protect, preserve, and realize 
upon the Posted Collateral, then the Secured Party is hereby authorized by the Pledgor (but 
not required) to complete and execute such financing statements, assignments, and other 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105324 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251508 
EFTA01449848

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449849.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449849.pdf
----------------------------------------
documents as the Secured Party deems appropriate for such purposes. The Pledgor hereby 
appoints the Secured Party, during the term of this Agreement, as the Pledgor's agent and 
attomey-in-fact to complete and execute such financing statements, assignments and other 
documents and to perform all other acts which the Secured Party may deem appropriate to 
protect and maintain its security interest in the Posted Collateral and to protect, present, and 
realize upon the Posted Collateral. The power-of-attorney granted herein to the Secured 
Party is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable during the term of this Agreement. 
(iii) 
Agreement as to Single Secured Party and Pledgor. Party A and Party B agree that, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the recital to this Annex, Paragraph 1(b) or 
Paragraph 2 or the definitions in Paragraph 12, (a) the term "Secured Party" as used in this 
Annex means only Party A, (b) the term "Pledgor" as used in this Annex means only Party 
B. (c) only Party B makes the pledge and grant in Paragraph 2, the acknowledgment in the 
final sentence of Paragraph 8(a) and the representations in Paragraph 9, (d) only Party B will 
be required to make Transfers of Eligible Credit Support hereunder and (e) Paragraph 7 shall 
apply to Party B only and shall not apply to Party A. 
(iv) 
Transfer. 
Eligible Collateral contained in Eligible Accounts shall be deemed (i) "Transferred" to Party 
A for purposes of this Annex at all times while such Eligible Accounts are designated as 
Cash Collateral Accounts in accordance with this Agreement, (ii) "Transferred" to Party B 
for purposes of this Annex when the security interest in such Eligible Collateral in favor of 
Party A is released, and (iii) held by Party A for purposes of this Annex at all times on and 
after the Transfer of such Eligible Collateral to Party A and before the Transfer of such 
Eligible Collateral to Party B. 
(v) 
The terms of Paragraph 13 of the Annex shall be amended by inserting the following as a 
new paragraph (m) as follows: 
"(m) Withholding Tax on Interest Amount with respect to Posted Collateral comprised 
of Cash: 
The provisions of Section 2(d) of this Agreement shall not apply with respect to payment of 
the Interest Amount under this Annex, and any withholding tax on the Interest Amount shall 
not constitute an Indemnifiable Tax under this Agreement. Paragraph 6(d)(ii) of this Annex 
is hereby amended by inserting "less any applicable withholding tax" after "The Interest 
Amount" in line 4 thereof. 
The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that, when interpreting any provision or 
representation in this Agreement (other than this Annex) relating to tax matters, references to 
"payment under this Agreement" or any other words with a similar purport made in this 
Agreement (excluding this Annex) shall be deemed to exclude payment of the Interest 
Amount under this Annex." 
(signature page follows) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105325 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251509 
EFTA01449849

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449850.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449850.pdf
----------------------------------------
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
By: 
By: 
Name: 
Name: 
Title: 
Tide: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
DARREN K. INDYKE ACTING AS TRUSTEE 
FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE HAZE 
TRUST 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
This undersigned entity, which is an affiliate of Party A, is executing this Annex to evidence its 
agreement to Paragraph 13(g)(iv) hereof. 
DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC. 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105326 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251510 
EFTA01449850

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449851.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449851.pdf
----------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A 
For the purposes of the Credit Support Annex to which this Exhibit is attached and made a part. each of the 
following shall be an Eligible Account:-
PARTY B 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
SECURITIES INC. PRIMARY 
ACCOUNT NUMBER 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
SECURITIES INC. 
SECONDARY ACCOUNT 
NUMBER 
Southern Financial LLC 
I 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
I 
Darren K. Indyke acting as 
trustcc for and on behalf of the 
haze trust 
I
I 
Ix 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105327 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251511 
EFTA01449851

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449852.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449852.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105328 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251512 
EFTA01449852

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449853.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449853.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105329 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251513 
EFTA01449853

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449854.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449854.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 [misetl. 
Sent: 
9/28/2013 2:32:45 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20130928 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/27/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Pil 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105330 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251514 
EFTA01449854

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449855.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Paul Morris 
9/30/2013 12:26:07 PM 
Tazia Smith 
Re: DB ISDA - Draft [CI 
pic30297.gif; pic15962.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
he called this a.m. and is going through them, 
tomorrow 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: 
To: 
probably get back to you 
Cc: 
Paul Morris
Date: 
09/27/2013 11:56 AM 
Subject: 
DB ISDA - Draft [C] 
classification: confidential 
Good Morning Darren, 
Please find the ISDA draft for Jeffrey's 
look forward to following up. 
Best Regards, 
Tazia 
Deutsche Bank accounts attached. we 
[attachment "Each counterparty listed on Appendix I 
2013 - Draft.doc" deleted by Paul Morris/db/dbcom] 
Jeffrey Epstein - 27 Sept 1013 - Draft.doc" deleted 
[attachment "Each counterparty listed on Appendix I 
Draft.doc" deleted by Paul Morris/db/dbcom] 
- ISDA Schedule - 27 Sept 
[attachment "Guaranty -
by Paul Morris/db/dbcom] 
- CSA - 27 Sept 2013 - 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30297.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251515 
DB-SDNY-0 105331 
EFTA01449855

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449856.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449856.pdf
----------------------------------------
34S Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic1S962.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105332 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251516 
EFTA01449856

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449857.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105333 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251517 
EFTA01449857

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449858.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449858.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105334 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251518 
EFTA01449858

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449859.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449859.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
9/30/2013 12:27:31 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: DB ISDA - Draft [CI 
Attachments: pic31587.gif; pic23714.gif; pic06146.gif; pic17849.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
ok ty 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic31587.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 
New York. NY 10154 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic23714.gif) 
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
To: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbco 
Date: 
09/30/2013 12:26 PM 
Subject: 
Re: DB ISDA - Draft [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
he called this a.m. and is going through them, probably get back to you 
tomorrow 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 
New York, NY 10154 
Office 
Cell: 
From: 
Tazia Smith/db/dbcom 
To: 
Cc: 
Paul Morris, Caroline Kitidis/dbi 
Stepanian/db/dbco 
, Kevin Quinn/db 
, Amanda Kirby/db 
vahe 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105335 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251519 
EFTA01449859

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449860.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449860.pdf
----------------------------------------
Date: 
09/27/2013 11:56 AM 
Subject: 
DB ISDA - Draft [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning Darren, 
Please find the ISDA draft for 
look forward to following up. 
Best Regards, 
Tazia 
[attachment "Each counterpart 
2013 - Draft.doc" deleted by 
Jeffrey Epstein - 27 Sept 1013 
[attachment "Each counterpart 
Draft.doc" deleted by 
Jeffrey's Deutsche Bank accounts attached. we 
listed on Ap endix I - ISDA Schedule - 27 Sept 
[attachment "Guaranty -
- Ora t.doc" de eted by 
listed on Appendix I - CSA - 27 Sept 2013 - 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic06146.gif) 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17849.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 105336 
SDNY_GM_00251520 
EFTA01449860

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449861.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449861.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105337 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251521 
EFTA01449861

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449862.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449862.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105338 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251522 
EFTA01449862

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449863.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449863.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105339 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251523 
EFTA01449863

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449864.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449864.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105340 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251524 
EFTA01449864

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449865.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449865.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
9/30/2013 1:55:45 PM 
To: 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: DB ISDA - Draft ICI 
Attachments: pic13398.gif; pic12003.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Hello Darren - No ►taster (provided you're referencing a 'boiler plate isda' 
form correct?). Just the complete ISDA. Call me if you'd like to discuss 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic13398.gif) 
Tazia smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12003.gif) 
From: 
Darren Indyke < 
To: 
Date: 
09/30/2013 12:57 PM 
Subject: 
Re: DB ISDA - Draft [C] 
Do you have the master agreement that we are to use and sign, please. Thanks. 
DARREN R. INDYKE 
DARREN R. INDYKE, PLLc 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
Telephone: 
Telecopier: 
mobile: 
email: 
*Irk***40(tk***LArfc*****Ar***44****444****44**************QP4***4Q******************************* 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be 
attorney-client 
privileged, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105341 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251525 
EFTA01449865

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449866.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449866.pdf
----------------------------------------
property of 
Darren K. Indyke, PLLC. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication 
or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail, and 
destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
Copyright of Darren K. Indyke, PLLC - 
2011 Darren K. 
Indyke, PLLC - All rights reserved. 
ft**0*.tettitly**fife*A.14**140*****40***tetittle********trich*feir******irfeleft*************Arntefikt~htefikte********0 
on Sep 27, 2013, at 11:56 AM, Tazia smith wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning Darren, 
Please find the ISDA draft for Jeffrey's Deutsche Bank accounts 
attached. we look forward to following up. 
Best Regards, 
Tazia 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
Tazia Smith 
Director I Key Client Partners - US 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
34S Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel 
Fax 
Mob 
Ema 
<Mail Attachment.gif> 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged 
information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this 
communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of 
the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such.<Each 
counterparty listed on Appendix I - ISDA Schedule - 27 Sept 2013 - 
Draft.doc><Guaranty - Jeffrey Epstein - 27 Sept 1013 - Draft.doc><Each 
counterparty listed on Appendix I - CSA - 27 Sept 2013 - Draft.doc> 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105342 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251526 
EFTA01449866

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449867.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449867.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105343 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251527 
EFTA01449867

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449868.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449868.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105344 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251528 
EFTA01449868

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449869.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449869.pdf
----------------------------------------
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such.<Each counterparty listed on 
Appendix I - ISDA Schedule - 27 Sept 2013 - Draft.doc><Guaranty - Jeffrey Epstein - 27 Sept 1013 - 
Draft.doc><Each counterparty listed on Appendix I - CSA - 27 Sept 2013 - Draft.doc> 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105347 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00251531 
EFTA01449869

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449870.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449870.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
10/1/2013 2:32:40 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20131001 
RM CODE 
81851 
09/30/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
m 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105348 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251532 
EFTA01449870

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449871.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449871.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
10/1/2013 11:38:31 AM 
To: 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
ST ACAT 
Attachments: ST Full ACAT.pdf; pic29077.gif; pic28285.gif 
Classification: Public 
Hi Harry, 
Please have Jeffrey sign and date on the 2 highlighted sections. I can 
receive electronic copies for this but please save originals as I may need 
them later on 
(See attached file: ST Full ACAT.pdf) 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic29077.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28285.gin 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105349 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251533 
EFTA01449871

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449872.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449872.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer. For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing' the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
W 
Provide your Pershing account number. 
■ 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
■ 
If the account is a icnnt account, provide the SSN or TIN for the joint owner. 
® 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
II. OFT IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
■ 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
■ 
Provide the onginal account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
■ 
Provide the account title as it appears on your statement for the account you are transferring. 
III TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only oriel 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box. Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and pnce you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. When you receive the check, mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING. ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
■ 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
■ 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual lund position from the mutual fund company. 
■ 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or defer these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments 'Please read section V and sign when applicable.' 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS, DIRECT MLITUAl FUNDS AND I ICUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
■ 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation (NSCC) firms. 
■ 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. If a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 112, read this section carefully. Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
U 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
■ 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets. Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees after the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: If you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
■ 
Sign and dale the form 
■ 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
PWIA -059/ 00/09) Par 1 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0105350 
SDNY_GM_00251534 
EFTA01449872

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449873.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449873.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per TONT) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER: 0443 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL 
SECURITY NUMBER: 
I 
- FF1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) 
C 0 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
Nonratuemeni. 
JT—(Joint) TR —(Trustl CT-(Coitustee) CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —(Estate) 
BC —(Bank Custody) AG—(Agency) 
Retirement. 
IR —I Iraditional IRA( RI—(Roth IRA, DR —(Direct Rollover) RI —IBeneliciary) BR —TEleneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(401k) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) QP—(Qualified Plan) 4B—(403b) 
78—(457 Plan) HS—(Health Savings Account) 5P-(529 Plan) 
OT—tOthen 
Other.
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER: a 
FIRM NAME. JP Morgan 
ACCOUNT TITLE: (As it appears on your statement) 
Southern Trust Company. Inc 
NOTE: A complete copy of yet.
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED' 
CONTACT NAME:
FIRM ADDRESS. (No PO Box)  
CITY: 
 STATE: 
 ZIP.  
TELEPHONE NUMBER:  
—II statement is necessary to process this form. 
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only one) 
A ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
U FULL 'Check one below) 
K TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN KIND (Skip to Section VII 
U LIQUIDAI E ALL ASSETS LISTED IN SECTION IV (Lquicielions are not for brokerage accounts) 
U TRANSFER ALL ASSE IS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USTED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
U PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
U FULL (Check one below) 
U SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
U PARI IAL (List assets in Section NI 
NOTE: For transfer agents, electronically send positions o issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem Tractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
U TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECILY AI THE FUND COMPANY 'See list in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
K LIQUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an early withdraws. 
O LIQUIDATE Af MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Sootily maturity dale (submit two to litree weeks before maturity date). 
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts, or savings accounts can only be processed Irom retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
DATE 
ul 
J 
111 
:TPD 150 ACAT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251535 
IViM-0697 110091 Page 2 of 3
DB-SDNY-0105351 
EFTA01449873

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449874.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449874.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
C.. Army 
al,sLT DESCRiPTON 
CUSiruz,,rotint i-uND ACCOUNT 
ranARER 
TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS' 
04ViDEN0CeTI0N, 
CAPITAL 0MN 
OPTION 
ESTIMATED $ 
VALUE 
Transfer in Kind U Liquidate CI Cash 0 Reinvest 0 Cash 0 Reinvest 
- 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash LI Reinvest LI Cash LI Reinvest 
O Transfer in Kind CI Liquidate CI Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind U Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind CI Liquidate CI Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate U Cash U Reinvest 0 Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in Kind CI Liquidate ()Cash 0 Reinvest 0 Cash U Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate CI Cash 0 Reinvest 0 Cash U Reinvest 
If you have requested a altar:taken. Wag market price is not guaranteed. Y0u 'MI receive the current market puce after your trenster request 
is received, reviewed, and determined to be in good order by the delivering firm. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
n the review process. DRS items cannot be liquidated. 
II this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
pr0Cess this request as reinvest.
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
Ago 70 restrictions .1 you are at :ea.,t the age at 70 • this year and ',Cu are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualified plan or 403(b) 
account. you may be required to lake a minimum distribution IRM0) from your qualified plan or 403(b) account before rolling over your assets. 
Is Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the rules and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over funds or property. I have been advised to see a tax professional. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume lull responsibility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result. I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in funds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
Z1 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
J 
Please be advised that  
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
(Insert Fern Name) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
 DATE: 
VI. PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering Firm Named Above: II this account is a qualified retirement account. I have amended the applicable ptan so that it names as SuCCeSSOI Custodian 
the trustee listed above. Unless otherwise indicated in the Instruction above, please transfer all assets in my account to Pershing without penalties, such assets 
may be transferred within the time trans required by NYSE Rule 412 or similar rule ol the NASD or other designated 'sunning authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, 1 authorize you to liquidate any nontransferable proprietary money market fund assets that are part of My account and transfer 
the resuling credit balance to the successor custodian. I author°e you to deduct any outstaring fees due to you Dorn the credit balance in my account. If my 
account does not contain a credit balance, or if the credit balance in the account is insult icient to satisfy any outstanding lees due to you. I authorize you to 
liquidate the assets ei my account to the extent necessary to satisfy that obligation. If certificates or other instruments n my account are in your physical 
possession. t instruct you to transfer them in good deliverable form, including affixing any necessary tax wavers, to enable the successor custodian 10 transfer 
them in its name for the purpose of the sale, when, and as directed to me. I understand that upon receiving a copy of this transfer information, you vat cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you creds/debit cards and/or unused checks issued tome n connection 
with my brokerage account. I understand that v3u well contact me vent respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nontransferable. 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE: 
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME: 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER' 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CUSH"' belongs to its respective owner. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
PWM 059/ NOAH) Patio 3 of 3 
DB-SDNY-0105352 
SDNY_GM_00251536 
EFTA01449874

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449875.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449875.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105353 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251537 
EFTA01449875

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449876.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449876.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105354 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251538 
EFTA01449876

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449877.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449877.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form Instructions 
Complete all sections according to the instructions below. Please print or type all information. Return the completed 
form to your financial organization. 
NOTE: You must attach your most recent statement to process this account transfer. For an internal transfer (for instance, a transfer of 
assets between two introducing broker-dealers who clear through Pershing' the statement is not required. 
I RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per form) 
W 
Provide your Pershing account number. 
■ 
Provide your Social Security Number (SSN) or Tax Identification Number (TIN). 
■ 
If the account is a icnnt account, provide the SSN or TIN for the joint owner. 
® 
Provide the two character account type code that most accurately describes your account. 
II. OFT IVFRING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
■ 
Provide the clearing firm number. II there is no clearing firm number, enter the delivering firm name, contact name, and telephone 
number. 
■ 
Provide the onginal account number of the account you are delivering to Pershing. 
■ 
Provide the account title as it appears on your statement for the account you are transferring. 
III TRANSFER TYPE (Chose only oriel 
Indicate the type of transfer you are requesting by checking the appropriate box. Pershing will only transfer positions in kind for retail 
accounts. For nonretirement accounts, the quickest way to liquidate your assets is to call your existing financial organization and place a 
sell order. In order to ensure that the trade is executed at the time and pnce you want, request to have the proceeds check mailed directly 
to you. When you receive the check, mail it (including your account number on the check) to: PERSHING. ONE PERSHING PLAZA, 14TH 
FLOOR, JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY 07399, ATTENTION: MONEY DESK. 
■ 
A Direct Registration System (DRS)/Direct Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) transfer is a transfer of a position held 
directly at the transfer agent. 
■ 
A direct mutual fund transfer is a transfer in kind of a direct mutual lund position from the mutual fund company. 
■ 
Bank retirement plan accounts involve transfers of retirement plans at banks with CDs, checking accounts, or savings accounts. Please 
indicate if you want to liquidate immediately or defer these instructions until maturity date. Please contact your financial organization 
to stop any automated rollover reinvestments 'Please read section V and sign when applicable.' 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS, DIRECT MLITUAl FUNDS AND I ICUIDATIONS 
If you selected Partial Transfer, use this section to specify the appropriate assets for a partial transfer. If you selected Direct Mutual Fund 
Transfer, use this section to identify the mutual fund positions to transfer. 
■ 
Liquidation instructions will only be accepted from non-National Securities Clearing Corporation (NSCC) firms. 
■ 
Select a dividend and capital gain option for direct, in kind mutual fund transfers. If a box is not checked, Pershing will process the 
transfer as reinvest, for dividend and capital gain options 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
II you are transferring a retirement account and are over the age of 70 112, read this section carefully. Contact your investment professional 
or financial organization if you have any questions. 
U 
The new custodian must provide the appropriate paperwork. 
■ 
For retirement accounts for which Pershing LLC acts as the custodian or servicing agent, you must pay all termination fees to your 
prior custodian before you can transfer assets. Any deposit made to your Pershing LLC custodian account to reimburse fees after the 
transfer shall be processed as a current year contribution. 
NOTE: If you are transferring from a trustee, make the appropriate selection. If you have selected someone other than Pershing LLC as 
custodian, have your investment professional or financial organization obtain the necessary signatures to accept custodianship. 
VI PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
■ 
Sign and dale the form 
■ 
The form must be signed, dated, and signature guaranteed within 90 days of its receipt. 
PWIA -059/ 00/09) Par 1 of 3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0105356 
SDNY_GM_00251540 
EFTA01449877

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449878.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449878.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account Transfer Form 
I. RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION (Only one per TONT) 
RECEIVING FIRM CLEARING NUMBER: 
ACCOUNT NUMBER.
SOCIAL SECURITY 
NUMBER 
SECONDARY SOCIAL 
SECURITY NUMBER.
- FF1-
ACCOUNT TYPE: (Enter the two character code) 
C 0 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
or TAXPAYER 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER: 
Nonratuemeni. 
JT—(Joint) TR —(Trust) CT-(Coitustee) CO—(Corporate) CU—(Custodian) ES —(Estate) 
BC —(Bank Custody) AG—(Agency) 
Retirement. 
IR —I traditional IRA( RI—(Roth IRA, DR —(Direct Rollover) RI —IBeneliciary) BR —TEleneficiary Roth IRA) 
4K —(401k) El—(Education Savings Account) SI —(SIMPLE IRA) QP—(Qualified Plan) 4B—(403b) 
78—(457 Plan) HS—(Health Savings Account) 5P-(529 Plan) 
OT—tOthen 
Other.
II. DELIVERING ACCOUNT INFORMATION 
CLEARING NUMBER.
ACCOUNT NUMBER.
FIRM NAME JP Morgan 
ACCOUNT TITLE: (As it appears on your statement) 
Southern Trust Company. Inc 
NOTE: A complete copy of yet.
DELIVERING FIRM CONTACT INFORMATION 
(MANDATORY WHEN CLEARING NUMBER IS NOT PROVIDED' 
CONTACT NAME:
FIRM ADDRESS- (No PO Box)  
CITY: 
 STATE: 
 ZIP.  
TELEPHONE NUMBER.  
-11 statement is necessary to process this form. 
III. TRANSFER TYPE (Choose only one) 
A ACCOUNT TRANSFER 
U FULL 'Check one below) 
K TRANSFER ALL ASSETS IN KIND (Skip to Section VII 
U LIQUIDAI E ALL ASSETS LISTED IN SECTION IV(L.quicielions are not for brokerage accounts) 
U TRANSFER AU- ASSE IS IN KIND EXCEPT FOR THE ASSETS USTED IN SECTION N. WHICH REQUIRE LIQUIDATION 
U PARTIAL (Complete Section M 
B. DRS/DRIP 
U FULL (Check one below) 
U SELL FRACTIONS AND CLOSE ACCOUNT 
TRANSFER ALL FULL SHARES ONLY 
U PARI IAL (List assets in Section NI 
NOTE: For transfer agents. electronically send positions o issue a certificate for whole shares and redeem fractional shares. 
C. DIRECT MUTUAL FUND 
U TRANSFER MUTUAL FUNDS FROM THE ACCOUNT HELD DIRECILY AI THE FUND COMPANY 'See list in Section IV for exact 
instructions) 
NOTE: Only one fund family per form. 
D. BANK RETIREMENT PLAN ACCOUNTS (Select only one) 
K LIQUIDATE IMMEDIATELY AND TRANSFER CASH I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from an early withdraws. 
O LIQUIDATE Af MATURITY AND TRANSFER CASH Sootily maturity dale (submit two to litree weeks before maturity date). 
NOTE: Liquidations involving bank CDs. checking accounts, or savings accounts can only be processed Irorn retirement accounts. 
SIGNATURE 
SIGNATURE 
DATE 
DATE 
ul 
J 
:TPD 150 ACAT 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251541 
u9 IViM-0697 110091 Page 2 of 3
DB-SDNY-0 105357 
EFTA01449878

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449879.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449879.pdf
----------------------------------------
Account # 
IV. PARTIAL TRANSFERS, DIRECT MUTUAL FUNDS AND LIQUIDATIONS 
(If there are more than eight assets, attach a signed list to this form) 
C.. Army 
al,sLT DESCRiPTON 
CUSiruz,,rotint i-uND ACCOUNT 
ranARER 
TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS' 
04ViDEN0CeTI0N, 
CAPITAL 0MN 
OPTION 
ESTIMATED $ 
VALUE 
Transfer in Kind U Liquidate CI Cash 0 Reinvest 0 Cash 0 Reinvest 
- 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate 0 Cash LI Reinvest LI Cash LI Reinvest 
O Transfer in Kind CI Liquidate CI Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind U Liquidate 0 Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash U Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind CI Liquidate CI Cash 0 Reinvest J Cash 0 Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate U Cash U Reinvest 0 Cash U Reinvest 
O Transfer in Kind CI Liquidate ()Cash 0 Reinvest 0 Cash U Reinvest 
Transfer in Kind 0 Liquidate CI Cash 0 Reinvest 0 Cash U Reinvest 
If you have requested a altar:taken. Wag market price is not guaranteed. Y0u 'MI receive the current market puce after your trenster request 
is received, reviewed, and determined to be in good order by the delivering firm. Pershing is not responsible for market fluctuations or delays 
n the review process. DRS items cannot be liquidated. 
II this is a mutual fund transfer and there is no dividend or capital gain option checked in the section above. Pershing will 
pr0Cess this request as reinvest.
(FOR OFFICE USE ONLY: All transfers must be added to Pershing's transfer systems) 
V. RETIREMENT PLAN RESTRICTIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
Ago 70 restrictions .1 you are at :ea.,t the age at 70 • this year and ',Cu are transferring or rolling over assets from an IRA. qualified plan or 403(b) 
account. you may be required to lake a minimum distribution IRM0) from your qualified plan or 403(b) account before rolling over your assets. 
Is Rollover Certification of Employee: I understand the rules and conditions and I have met the requirements for making a rollover. Due to the important 
tax consequences of rolling over funds or property. I have been advised to see a tax professional. All information provided by me is true and correct 
and may be relied on by Pershing LLC. I assume lull responsibility for this transaction and will not hold Pershing LLC liable for any adverse 
consequences that may result. I hereby irrevocably designate this contribution in funds or other property as a transfer or rollover contribution. 
TO THE PRIOR TRUSTEE: 
Z1 
Pershing LLC accepts appointment as successor custodian. 
J 
Please be advised that  
 does hereby accept appointment as successor custodian 
(Insert Fern Name) 
SUCCESSOR CUSTODIAN'S SIGNATURE:  
 DATE: 
VI. PARTICIPANT SIGNATURE AND CERTIFICATION 
To the Delivering Firm Named Above: II this account is a qualified retirement account. I have amended the applicable ptan so that it names as SuCCeSSOI Custodian 
the trustee listed above. Unless otherwise indicated in the Instruction above, please transfer all assets in my account to Pershing without penalties, such assets 
may be transferred within the time trans required by NYSE Rule 412 or similar rule ol the NASD or other designated 'sunning authority. Unless otherwise 
indicated in the instructions above, 1 authorize you to liquidate any nontransferable proprietary money market fund assets that are part of My account and transfer 
the resuling credit balance to the successor custodian. I author°e you to deduct any outstaring fees due to you Dorn the credit balance in my account. If my 
account does not contain a credit balance, or if the credit balance in the account is insult icient to satisfy any outstanding lees due to you. I authorize you to 
liquidate the assets ei my account to the extent necessary to satisfy that obligation. If certificates or other instruments n my account are in your physical 
possession. t instruct you to transfer them in good deliverable form, including affixing any necessary tax wavers, to enable the successor custodian 10 transfer 
them in its name for the purpose of the sale, when, and as directed to me. I understand that upon receiving a copy of this transfer information, you vat cancel 
all open orders for my account on your books. I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you creds/debit cards and/or unused checks issued tome n connection 
with my brokerage account. I understand that v3u well contact me vent respect to the disposition of any assets in my brokerage account that are nontransferable. 
CLIENT'S SIGNATURE:  
DATE: 
JOINT CLIENT'S SIGNATURE: 
DATE: 
Please attach your most recent brokerage account statement to process this account transfer 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S NAME: 
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL'S PHONE NUMBER' 
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY: 
CUSH"' belongs to its respective owner. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
PWM 059/ NOAH) Patio 3 of 3 
DB-SDNY-0105358 
SDNY_GM_00251542 
EFTA01449879

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449880.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449880.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
10/1/2013 12:21:34 PM 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Trading accounts for Southern Financial (II 
Attachments: pic07524.gif; pic09476.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
'razia -- Darren Indyke the lawyer for these accounts would like to talk with 
you regarding trades, swaps, etc. please call him when you get a chance or I 
can set up a conference call. Let me know. 
Darren Indyke: 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pi c07524 .gi f) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust corn any Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 
mew
10154-0004
Tel. 
Fax 
Ema 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic09476.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 105359 
SDNY_GM_00251543 
EFTA01449880

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449881.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449881.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105360 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251544 
EFTA01449881

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449882.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449882.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 
10/2/2013 2:32:36 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 
RM CODE 
10/01/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT F 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105362 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251546 
EFTA01449882

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449883.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449883.pdf
----------------------------------------
NMLS #809189 
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 12:32:53 PM 
To: 
Laura Farischon 
Subject: 
Re: Brazil Chief Country Officer [I] 
classification: For internal use only 
thanks, call me on black when you have a minute, i spoke with epstein 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York 
NY 10154 
Office: 
Cell: 
From: 
Laura Farischon/db/dbcom 
To: 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
10/02/2013 12:31 PM 
Subject: 
Brazil Chief Country Officer [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paul, 
The Brazil Corporate Head is Bernardo Parnes. He is located in Sao Paulo, 
Brazil. 
He would be the best person to contact in regards to the cell tower 
opportunity. 
You may need to go through Karim Barrada's group, but I will let 
you determine. The individual I mentioned earlier is the CCO for Mexico. 
Best, 
Laura 
Laura Farischon 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue, 14th Floor 
New York. NY 10154 
hone 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105363 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251547 
EFTA01449883

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449884.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449884.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Dhruv Yadav 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 12:53:58 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Your Lead has been successfully converted into a Customer-Prospect 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CONVERTED INTO A PROSPECT*** 
A new customer-Prospect record: The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3, corresponding contact 
record: 
The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3, and a new Opportunity record have been created. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
click here to view this record: 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105364 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251548 
EFTA01449884

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449885.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449885.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Komal Shahani 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 12:59:04 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Your Lead has been successfully converted into a Customer-Prospect 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CONVERTED INTO A PROSPECT*** 
A new customer-Prospect record: Beller, Harry, corresponding contact record: Harry Beller, and a new 
opportunity record have been created. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
click here to view this record: 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105365 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251549 
EFTA01449885

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449886.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449886.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
10/2/20131:08: 
To: 
Tazia Smith 
. 
. 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Friday Southern Financial 
Attachments: pic03820.gif; pic06104.gif 
Classification: Public 
Vahe Stepanian 
Team -- We are going to push this meeting back. Paul confirmed with Jeffrey 
that it would be best to wait a few weeks until the ISDA's are in place and 
everything is up and running. we'll come back with new dates shortly 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03820.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic06104.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105366 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251550 
EFTA01449886

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449887.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449887.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105367 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251551 
EFTA01449887

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449888.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449888.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105368 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251552 
EFTA01449888

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449889.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449889.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Paul Morris 
10/2/2013 1:11:51 PM 
Amanda Kirby 
Re: Friday Southern Financial 
pic07808.gif; pic13202.gif 
Classification: Public 
look into oct 14th or 22, per je, let lesley know friday is off and looking at 
these two other dates 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue 
New York 
NY 101.II4 
Office 
Cell: 
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Date: 
subject: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom 
Caroline Kitidis/db/lIIIIIIIIIIIIIII, Tazia 
Paul Morris/dba 
10/02/2013 01:08 PM 
Friday southern Financial 
classification: Public 
smith, vahe Stepanian/db 
Team -- We are going to push this meeting back. Paul confirmed with Jeffrey 
that it would be best to wait a few weeks until the ISDAIS are in place and 
everything is up and running. we'll come back with new dates shortly 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07808.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust C 
any Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 
New
10154-0004
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic13202.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105369 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251553 
EFTA01449889

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449890.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449890.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105370 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251554 
EFTA01449890

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449891.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449891.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105371 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251555 
EFTA01449891

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449892.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449892.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Dhruv Yadav 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 1:11:53 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Your Lead has been successfully converted into a Customer-Prospect 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CONVERTED INTO A PROSPECT*** 
A new customer-Prospect record: New York strategy Group, LLC, corresponding contact record: 
New York 
strategy Group, LLC, and a new Opportunity record have been created. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
click here to view this record: 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105372 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251556 
EFTA01449892

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449893.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449893.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Dhruv Yadav 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 1:14:28 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Your Lead has been successfully converted into a Customer-Prospect 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CONVERTED INTO A PROSPECT*** 
A new customer-Prospect record: JEGE, LLC, corresponding contact record: JEGE, LLC, and a new 
opportunity record have been created. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
click here to view this record: 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105373 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251557 
EFTA01449893

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449894.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 1:21:58 PM 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Friday SIPS 
Attachments: pic25157.gif; pic26946.gif; pic02650.gif; pic20951.gif 
Classification: Public 
Got it. Just reached out to Lesley 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic2S1S7.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New york, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26946.gif) 
From: 
TO: 
Date: 
10/02/2013 01:11 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Friday Southern Financial 
Classification: Public 
look into oct 14th or 22, per je, let lesley know friday is off and looking at 
these two other dates 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
34S Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
From: 
To: 
Cc: 
Date: 
10/02/2013 01:08 PM 
azia smith, 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105374 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251558 
EFTA01449894

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449895.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449895.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Friday Southern Financial 
Classification: Public 
Team -- we are going to push this meeting back. Paul confirmed with Jeffrey 
that it would be best to wait a few weeks until the ISDA's are in place and 
everything is up and running. we'll come back with new dates shortly 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02650.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
York. NY. U
10154-0004
SA. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic20951.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105375 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251559 
EFTA01449895

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449896.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449896.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105376 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251560 
EFTA01449896

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449897.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449897.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105377 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251561 
EFTA01449897

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449898.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105378 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251562 
EFTA01449898

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449899.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105379 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251563 
EFTA01449899

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449900.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449900.pdf
----------------------------------------
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07152.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105381 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251565 
EFTA01449900

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449901.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449901.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105382 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251566 
EFTA01449901

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449902.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449902.pdf
----------------------------------------
Petwitnecir Peepwrvt, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105383 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251567 
EFTA01449902

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449903.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449903.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105384 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251568 
EFTA01449903

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449904.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449904.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Kusam Saini 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 1:57:01 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby I 
I; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Your Lead has been successfully converted into a Customer-Prospect 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CONVERTED INTO A PROSPECT*** 
A new customer-Prospect record: Plan D, LLC, corresponding contact record: 
Plan D, LLC, and a new 
opportunity record have been created. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
click here to view this record: 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105386 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251570 
EFTA01449904

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449905.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449905.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Kusam Sain 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 2:06:22 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Your Lead has been successfully converted into a Customer-Prospect 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CONVERTED INTO A PROSPECT*** 
A new customer-Prospect record: Darren K. Indyke PLLC, corresponding contact record: Darren K. Indyke 
PLLC, and a new opportunity record have been created. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
click here to view this record: 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105387 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251571 
EFTA01449905

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449906.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449906.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Kusam Sain 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 2:12:29 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirb 
• Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Your Lead has been success ully converted into a Customer-Prospect 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CONVERTED INTO A PROSPECT*** 
A new customer-Prospect record: Hyperion Air, LLC, corresponding contact record: 
Hyperion Air, LLC, and 
a new Opportunity record have been created. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
click here to view this record: 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105389 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251573 
EFTA01449906

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449907.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449907.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
DhruvYadav 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 2:111i
To: 
Amanda Kirb 
Paul Mo„iMMil 
Subject: 
Lead Denied 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN DENIED*** 
Your lead has been denied for the following reason: we have two duplicate customers in the system, owned 
by another PO: German Team. 
Please confirm via mail, if this is a different customer. 
Lead Name: Neptune, LLC 
Primary officer: Paul Morris 
Lead record created by: Amanda Kirby on 10/2/2013 
You need to update "Comment to Controller" if you want to challenge denial. Otherwise, Lead will be 
deleted. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
Click here to view this record https://na4.salesforce.com/0006000000rBvfp 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105390 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251574 
EFTA01449907

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449908.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449908.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 2:39:39 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Classification: Confidential 
thx on LB, I'll reach out to eileen to get some accounts opened, also we would like to refresh/update the loan term sheet 
including the pricing when the estate plan is solidified, please advise if i can be helpful in other ways here.best 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Office:
Cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105391 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251575 
EFTA01449908

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449909.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449909.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Dhruv Yadav 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 2:44:15 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirby I 
I; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Your Lead has been successfully converted into a Customer-Prospect 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CONVERTED INTO A PROSPECT*** 
A new customer-Prospect record: JEGE, Inc, corresponding contact record: 
JEGE, Inc, and a new 
opportunity record have been created. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
click here to view this record: 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105392 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251576 
EFTA01449909

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449910.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449910.pdf
----------------------------------------
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
Click here to view this record https://na4.salesforce.com/00Q6000000rBvfp 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105394 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251578 
EFTA01449910

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449911.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449911.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105397 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251581 
EFTA01449911

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449912.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105398 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251582 
EFTA01449912

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449913.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449913.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 2:44:58 PM 
To: 
0hruy Yadav 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Re: Lead Denied Ill 
Classification: For internal use only 
Our client is different than the client under the German Team. Our Neptune LLC is not associated with 
do Phillips Gold & Co, LLP 
Please approve 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue. 27th Fl 
INS 
Micron, iv Perfton 
From 
Dhruv Yadav 
To. 
Oxe 
1002/20130221 PM 
Sublc:t 
Lead Denied 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN DENIED*** 
Your lead has been denied for the following reason: We have two duplicate customers in 
the system, owned by another PO: German Team. 
Please confirm via mail, if this is a different 
customer. 
Lead Name: Neptune, LLC 
Primary Officer: Paul Morris 
Lead record Created by: Amanda Kirby on 10/2/2013 
You need to update "Comment to Controller" if 
you want to challenge denial. Otherwise, 
Lead will be deleted. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105399 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251583 
EFTA01449913

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449914.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449914.pdf
----------------------------------------
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
Click here to view this record https://na4.salesforce.com/00Q6000000rBvfp 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105400 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251584 
EFTA01449914

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449915.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449915.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Dhruv Yadav 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 4:20:57 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirb 
I; Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Your Lead has been successfully converted into a Customer-Prospect 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CONVERTED INTO A PROSPECT*** 
A new customer-Prospect record: Neptune, LLC, corresponding contact record: Neptune, LLC, and a new 
opportunity record have been created. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
click here to view this record: 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105401 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251585 
EFTA01449915

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449916.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
DhruvYadav 
10/2/2013 4:22:26 PM 
Amanda Kirby 
Paul Morris 
Re: Lead Denied Ill 
pic28951.gif; pic27244.gif; pic28209.gif; pic24516.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Amanda, 
Thanks a lot for your confirmation and sorry for the dalay. 
The below lead has been converted successfully with Gast/ 
Kind regards, 
Dhruv Yadav 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28951.gif) 
Dhruv Yadav 
DSOI Global services Private Limited 
Global Business services 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - mahindra Technology Park, 
Inside Mahindra world city - SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
mobil 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic27244.gif) 
From: 
Amanda Kirby/db 
To: 
Dhruv Yadav/db/ 
Cc: 
Paul morris/db/ 
Date: 
10/02/2013 02:45 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Lead Denied (I] 
S 
classification: For internal use only 
Our client is different than the client under the German Team. Our Neptune 
LLC is not associated with 
c/o Phillips Gold & co, LLP 
Please approve 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105402 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251586 
EFTA01449916

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449917.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449917.pdf
----------------------------------------
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28209.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic24516.gif) 
From: 
Dhruv Yadav 
TO: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Paul Morris/db/dbcomODBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
10/02/2013 02:21 PM 
Subject Lead Denied 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN DENIED*** 
Your lead has been denied for the following reason: We have two duplicate 
customers in the system, owned by another P0: German Team. 
Please confirm via mail, if this is a different customer. 
Lead Name: Neptune, LLC 
Primary Officer: Paul Morris 
Lead record created by: Amanda Kirby on 10/2/2013 
You need to update "Comment to controller" if you want to challenge denial. 
otherwise, Lead will be deleted. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
Click here to view this record https://na4.salesforce.com/00D6000000rBvfp 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105403 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251587 
EFTA01449917

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449918.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449918.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105404 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251588 
EFTA01449918

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449919.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105407 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251591 
EFTA01449919

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449920.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449920.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Dhruv Yadav 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 4:57:30 PM 
To: 
Amanda Kirb 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Your Lead has been successfully converted into a Customer-Prospect 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CONVERTED INTO A PROSPECT*** 
A new customer-Prospect record: NES, LLC, corresponding contact record: 
NES, LLC, and a new opportunity 
record have been created. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
click here to view this record: 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
li
and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105408 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251592 
EFTA01449920

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449921.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449921.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Dhruv Yadav 
Sent: 
10/2/2013 4: 
i
rn
ill 
To: 
Amanda Kirb 
• Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Your Lead has been successfully converted into a Customer-Prospect 
***YOUR LEAD HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CONVERTED INTO A PROSPECT*** 
A new customer-Prospect record: Mort, Inc, corresponding contact record: Mort, Inc, and a new 
opportunity record have been created. 
If you are already logged into DB Force: 
click here to view this record: 
To log into DB Force, please go to: 
http://dbinsight.db.com and click on the DB Force link. 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105409 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251593 
EFTA01449921

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449922.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449922.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 1511 
Sent: 
3 2013 2:34:09 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851. Daily Deposit Report 20131003 
RM CODE 
81851 
10/02/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT R 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
IF 
ACCT 
.00 
EFFREY EPSTEIN 
INIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
t4 
.00 
UMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
UTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
372,921.98 
UTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
329,920.88 
EEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
HE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
OUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
EEPERS, INC 
t4 
.00 
HE HAZE TRUST 
M 
.00 
CODE 
81851 
10/02/13 
LARGE TRANSACTIONS 
NAME 
AMOUNT 
DESCRIPTION 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
372,921.00 INCOMING MONEY TRN 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
329,920.00 INCOMING MONEY TRN 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105410 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251594 
EFTA01449922

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449923.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Amanda Kirby 
10/3/2013 
Paul Morris 
VOresintoaccouns 
pic29713.gitpic31940.O 
classification: For internal use only 
we received some cash wires into the accounts: 
Southern Financial (checking: $329,920.88) 
Southern Trust (checking: 4372,921.98) 
Haze Trust (brokerage: 428,369.00) 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic29713.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. NY. USA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic31940.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251595 
DB-SDNY-0105411 
EFTA01449923

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449924.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449924.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105413 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251597 
EFTA01449924

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449925.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449925.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirby 
Sent: 
10/3/2013 4:32:06 PM 
To: 
CC: 
Paul Morris 
Subject: 
Status Update 
Attachments: pic02046.gif; pic22393.gif 
Classification: Public 
Hi Everyone, 
Here's a status update on where we stand with the new accounts: 
Submitted to Compliance 
NY Strategy Group 
Darren K Indyke PLLC 
HBRK Associates 
2007 JE Insurance Trust 
Yet To Be submitted to compliance 
JEGE, LLC 
JEGE, Inc 
Hyperion Air, LLC 
Hyperion Air, Inc 
Plan D, LLC 
Neptune, LLC 
NES, LLC 
Further Information 
Mort, Inc -- waiting on Certificate of Good Standing 
Funds Received on 10/2 
Southern Trust Account 
Southern Financial Account 
Haze Trust Account 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
72,921.98 
5329,920.88 
: $28,369.00 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02046.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New Y 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22393.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105414 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251598 
EFTA01449925

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449926.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449926.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105415 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251599 
EFTA01449926

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449927.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449927.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Amanda Kirb 
Sent: 
3 2013 4:1111 
To: 
CC: 
Paul Mon' 
Subject: 
Status Update 
Classification: Public 
Hi Everyone, 
Here's a status update on where we stand with the new accounts: 
Submitted to Compliance 
NY Strategy Group 
Darren K Indyke PLLC 
HBRK Associates 
2007 JE Insurance Trust 
Yet To Be Submitted to Compliance 
JEGE, LLC 
JEGE, Inc 
Hyperion Air, LLC 
Hyperion Air, Inc 
Plan D, LLC 
Neptune, LLC 
NES, LLC 
Further Information 
Mort, Inc -- Waiting on Certificate of Good Standing 
Funds Received on 10/2 
Southern Trust Account #'
 $372,921.98 
Southern Financial Account II- 
$329,920.88 
Haze Trust Account a$28,369.00 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York NY, USA. 10154.0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105417 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251601 
EFTA01449927

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449928.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449928.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pittsin4rger071$1, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105418 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251602 
EFTA01449928

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449929.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449929.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
10/4/2013 2:32:36 AM 
Daily Deposit Report 20131004 
RM CODE 
81851 
10/03/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
M 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
372,921.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
329,920.88 
JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105419 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251603 
EFTA01449929

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449930.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
Recurrence: 
Description 
Vahe Stepanian 
10/3/2013 4:42:12 PM 
Paul Morn 
HOLD: Southern Financial Meeting 
c164214.ics 
10/4/2013 11:45:00 AM 
10/4/2013 1:15:00 PM 
Busy 
(none) 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 105420 
SDNY_GM_00251604 
EFTA01449930

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449931.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449931.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251605 
EFTA01449931

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449932.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449932.pdf
----------------------------------------
Document Cannot be Rendered 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105422 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251606 
EFTA01449932

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449933.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449933.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251607 
EFTA01449933

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449934.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
Recurrence: 
Description 
Tazia Smith 
9/30/2013 7:12:02 PM 
Paul Morris 
HOLD: Southern Financial Meeting 
c191208.ics 
10/4/2013 11:45:00 AM 
10/4/2013 1:15:00 PM 
Busy 
(none) 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 105424 
SDNY_GM_00251608 
EFTA01449934

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449935.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449935.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_0025161 0 
EFTA01449935

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449936.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449936.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
Recurrence: 
Description 
Amanda Kirby 
10/2/2013 1:08: 
HOW: Southern Financial Meeting 
c130833.ics 
10/4/2013 11:45:00 AM 
10/4/2013 1:15:00 PM 
Busy 
(none) 
• Tazia Smith It 
; Vahe Stepanian 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251611 
DB-SDNY-0 105427 
EFTA01449936

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449937.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449937.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251614 
EFTA01449937

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449938.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449938.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
Recurrence: 
Description 
Caroline Kit id 
10/1/2013 1 
Paul Morris ( 
HOW: Southern Financial Meeting 
c101043.ics 
10/4/2013 11:45:00 AM 
10/4/2013 1:15:00 PM 
Busy 
(none) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 105431 
SDNY_GM_00251615 
EFTA01449938

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449939.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449939.pdf
----------------------------------------
Document Cannot be Rendered 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105433 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251617 
EFTA01449939

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449940.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449940.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
Recurrence: 
Description 
Vahe Stepanian 
9/30/2013 6:06:45 PM 
Paul Morris 
HOLD: Southern Financial Meeting 
c180648.ics 
10/4/2013 11:45:00 AM 
10/4/2013 1:15:00 PM 
Busy 
(none) 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 105435 
SDNY_GM_00251619 
EFTA01449940

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449941.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449941.pdf
----------------------------------------
Document Cannot be Rendered 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105437 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251621 
EFTA01449941

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449942.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449942.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
Recurrence: 
Amanda Kirby 
9/30/2013 3:2 
Caroline Kitidi 
HOLD: Southern Financial Meeting 
c152854.ics 
10/4/2013 11:45:00AM 
10/4/2013 1:15:00 PM 
Tentative 
(none) 
Invitation: HOLD: Southern Financial Meeting 
10/04/2013 - 
Paul Merris/dhAlbcom 
Sent 
paul.morris*dh.com 
No Location Information 
pauLmorrit 
Required. 
Paul Mont has invited Paul Mont to a meeting. You have not yet responded. 
Caroline Kitodu tIlvdheomtil>liANWRICAS 
Description 
Classification: Public 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00251623 
DB-SDNY-0 105439 
EFTA01449942

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449943.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification' Public 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105440 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251624 
EFTA01449943

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449944.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449944.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
To: 
Subject: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
Paul Morris/db/ 
Kitidis/db/dbco 
HOLD: Southern Financial Meeting 
10/4/2013 11:45:00 AM 
10/4/2013 1:15:00 PM 
Busy 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
Classification: Public 
• Paul Morris/db/dbco 
; Caroline 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105442 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251626 
EFTA01449944

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449945.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449945.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification' Public 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105444 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251628 
EFTA01449945

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449946.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
To: 
Paul Morris 
Paul Morris 
; Caroline 
Kitidis 
Subject: 
HOW: Southern Financial Meeting 
Start: 
10/4/2013 11:45:00 AM 
End: 
10/4/2013 1:15:00 PM 
Show Time As Busy 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
Classification: Public 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105446 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251630 
EFTA01449946

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449947.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449947.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
Recurrence: 
Description 
Monica Gilkinson 
9/30/2013 3:29:45 PM 
Paul Morris 
HOLD: Southern Financial Meeting 
c152948.ics 
10/4/2013 11:45:00 AM 
10/4/2013 1:15:00 PM 
Busy 
(none) 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 105447 
SDNY_GM_00251631 
EFTA01449947

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449948.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251632 
EFTA01449948

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449949.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251634 
EFTA01449949

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449950.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449950.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments: 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: 
Recurrence: 
Description 
Amanda Kirby 
9/30/2013 4:54:07 PM 
Paul Morris 
H0LD:Southern Financial Meeting 
c165406.ics 
10/4/2013 11:45:00 AM 
10/4/2013 1:15:00 PM 
Busy 
(none) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 105451 
SDNY_GM_00251635 
EFTA01449950

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449951.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449951.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251636 
EFTA01449951

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449952.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449952.pdf
----------------------------------------
MIS FILE IS CORRUPTED/UNPRINTABLE AND CANNOT BE PRODUCED 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251638 
EFTA01449952

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449953.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449953.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Amanda Kirby 
9/30/2013 4:53:56 PM 
Amanda Kirby 
Subject: 
HOLD: Southern Financial Meeting 
Attachments: c165400.ics 
Start: 
End: 
Show Time As: Tentative 
10/4/2013 11:45:00 AM 
10/4/2013 1:15:00 PM 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
Description 
Classification: Public 
; Vahe Stepanian 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105455 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251639 
EFTA01449953

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449954.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449954.pdf
----------------------------------------
Classification' Public 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105456 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251640 
EFTA01449954

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449955.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449955.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris/db/dbco 
To: 
Paul Morris/db/dbco 
Paul Morris/db/dbcom 
Amanda 
Kirb /db dbcom 
Caroline Kitidis db dbco 
Tazia Smith 
Vahe Stepanian/db/dbcom 
Subject: 
HOLD: Southern Financial Meeting 
Start: 
10/4/2013 11:45:00 AM 
End: 
10/4/2013 1:15:00 PM 
Show Time As: Busy 
Recurrence: 
(none) 
Classification: Public 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105458 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251642 
EFTA01449955

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449956.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 
Sent: 
10/5/2013 4:22:29 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
RM0081851 Daily Deposit Report 20131005 
RM CODE 
81851 
10/04/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT 0 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
m 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
372,921.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
329,920.88 
JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105459 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251643 
EFTA01449956

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449957.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449957.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: 
10/7/2013 9:21' 
To: 
Amanda Kirb 
CC: 
aul Morris 
Subject: 
Southern Trust [II 
Attachments: pic19914.gif; pic01595.gif 
Classification: For internal use only 
Good morning Amanda, 
Please note that we've received the below for Southern Trust a/c x812. Note 
that these are the only assets received today (thus far) across the accounts. 
will keep you posted if I see any additional assets. 
Thank you, 
vahe 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19914.gif) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01595.gif) 
vahe stepanian 
Associate I markets coverage Group 
Deutsche Bank securities Inc. 
Deutsche Asset & wealth management 
345 Park Avenue - 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105460 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251644 
EFTA01449957

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449958.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449958.pdf
----------------------------------------
_
•
-
.
•
•
•
.
^
_
•
•
nuctsummsr.;:immr.rznirnircruinnurs aax 
• 
' 
'a, 
• ••7•••••• •• 
'"'""`• • 
-"""" """*""'" 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0105461 
SDNY_GM_00251645 
EFTA01449958

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449959.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449959.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Amanda Kirby 
10/7/2013 3:53:32 PM 
Paul Morris 
Fw: RDC ALERT - 
pic24222.gif; pic07572.gif; 
classification: For internal use only 
(I) 
Alert on one of the beneficiaries 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
Alert 1.pdf; 
Alert.pdf 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic24222.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York. NY uSA. 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07572.gif) 
Forwarded by Amanda 
on 10/07/2013 03:53 PM 
From: 
To: 
CC: 
Date: 
Subject: 
PWM 
ROWS 
10/07/2013 03:52 PM 
RDC ALERT - 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello, 
Attached is an alert for the party mentioned above. 
Please note that 
clearance from compliance is required prior to KYC approval. 
Please follow the instructions below: 
Forward explanation of whether the alert pertains to your client directly to 
compliance. 
Receive confirmation from compliance that alert can be removed from the queue. 
Include copies of all responses along with your KYC. 
hed 
Alert 1.pdf)(See attached file: 
Alert.pd 
Thanks, 
Ahsan Manzoor 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105463 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251647 
EFTA01449959

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449960.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449960.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105464 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251648 
EFTA01449960

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449961.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449961.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105465 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251649 
EFTA01449961

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449962.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449962.pdf
----------------------------------------
rdc 
Entity: 
Entity Information 
Entity ID: 27993245 
Entity Name: 
Address: UNITED STATES 
Event: • SEX - Sex Offenses (Rape. Sodomy, Sexual Abuse. Pedophilia) 
ACC - Accuse 
accused of being a co-conspirator of Epstein of multiple counts of five federal offenses 
involving sex acts with minors 
Source Information 
RDC URL: 
Source Name: Factiva Article - COXNS00020091017e5ah0060p. 10/18/2009 
Publication: Cox News Service 
Publisher: Cox News•a•ers Inc 
Source URL 
Source Description: Articles are written by the 25-member Cox Washington Bureau, a foreign staff of six correspondents (posted 
in Moscow, London, Jerusalem. Mexico City and the Caribbean) as well as the top news stories and features 
pulled from the following 12 newspapers: The Daily Advance (Elizabeth City, N.C.), The Daily Reflector 
(Greenville, N.C.), The Daily Sentinel (Grand Junction, Colo.), The Daily Sentinel (Necoodoches, Texas), 
Hamilton (Ohio) Journal-News, Longview (Texas) News-Journal, The Lufkin (Texas) Daily News. The 
Marshall (Texas) News Messenger, The Middletown (Ohio) Journal, Rocky Mount (N.C.) Telegram, 
Springfield (Ohio) News-Sun and Waco (Texas) Tribune-Herald. Country of origin: United States 
Ccpynght O 2013 Regulatory DaInCorp. Inc All RAMS Reserved Docvmenl generated on 1003712013 15 32 20 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105466 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251650 
EFTA01449962

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449963.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449963.pdf
----------------------------------------
rdc 
Entity: 
Media Article 
Cox News Service - (United States) 
10/17/2009 
MICHELE DARGAN I Daily News Staff Writer I 
Copyright 2009 Cox News Service. All Rights Reserved. 
Bernie Madoff, Jeffrey Epstein, Conrad Black and Michael Kagdis court cases evolve 
One Palm Beach-related court case wrapped up last month when Lin Gosman, wife of former health-care magnate Abe Gosman, received 
time served (one month) and three years probation in her bankruptcy fraud, mortgage fraud and tax fraud case. Lin Gosman, 60, had 
pleaded guilty to the charges, which arose out of her husband's multi-million dollar bankruptcy. 
Several high-profile court cases remain in the news for the upcoming season. 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein was released from jail this summer and his secret deal with federal prosecutors was unsealed last 
month. 
But Epstein, 56, is still fighting more than a dozen lawsuits - state and federal - from young women who say they were sexually abused 
when they were minors. 
The lawsuits against the billionaire money manager all contain similar allegations: that a minor girl was taken to Epstein's mansion on El 
Brillo Way and led upstairs to a spa room by one of Epstein's assistants, where he would ask the girl to perform massages and/or various 
sex acts, for which he would pay her $200 or more. 
Among those suing Epstein: Jane Doe No. 3 and Jane Doe No. 5, who both say they fear Epstein and believe he should have gotten a 
harsher sentence. Both have filed federal lawsuits. 
Another victim, known as Jane Doe No. 102 in a federal lawsuit, alleges she was 15 when Epstein made her quit her $9 an hour job at The 
Mar-a-Lago Club to become what amounted to his sex slave. The lawsuit says Epstein traveled with her to many locations, requiring her to 
have sex with him and others. 
Epstein is serving his one-year probation in his Palm Beach mansion on El Brillo Way and is registered as a lifelong sex offender. He does 
not wear a monitoring device. 
He served 13 months of his 18-month sentence at the Palm Beach County Stockade for procuring a minor for prostitution and soliciting 
prostitution. Instead of walking out through the main door where prisoners are routinely released. Epstein was allowed to leave the jail 
through a sally port, thereby avoiding awaiting media cameras. 
According to a nine-page federal non-prosecution agreement that was unsealed last month, Epstein could have been charged with 
multiple counts of five federal offenses involving sex acts with minors and faced a life sentence. 
Instead, the government agreed not to prosecute him or his procurers on federal charges if he spent 18 months in the county jail on two 
state charges. 
The agreement let Epstein and co-conspirators 
Lesley Groff and 
off the hook for any past 
crimes. 
While serving his sentence, Epstein was allowed out of jail on liberal work-release terms. He was able to go to his West Palm Beach office 
for 16 hours a day, six days a week since October 2008. He also was allowed to go to his Palm Beach home in the weeks leading up to his 
release. 
Bernard Medoff 
Although Bernard Madoff is serving a 150-year sentence for orchestrating the largest Ponzi scheme in history, the effects of his crimes and 
the trail of his associates are still being revealed. 
Madoff, 71. is in federal prison after pleading guilty to multiple fraud charges. 
Palm Beach resident Robert Jaffe has been charged with fraud by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for allegedly bringing 
more than $1 billion into Madoffs Ponzi scheme. 
Last month, the U.S. Attorney's Office in New York, which prosecuted the case, said the losses of Madoffs 2,336 victims exceeded $13 
billion. 
Earlier this month, Irving Picard, the trustee appointed to liquidate the Madoff investment business, filed a lawsuit against Madoffs brother, 
Peter Madoff, and three other family members. 
The lawsuit, filed in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan, names Bernard Madoffs sons Andrew and Mark, and Peter Madoffs daughter 
Shana. The four family members are alleged to have received $141 million in the six months prior to BemardMadoffs arrest in December. 
factiva, 
Copynght O 2013 Regulatory DalaCorp. inc AS Fights Reserved Decontrol generated on 1OO7.201315 32 20 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105467 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251651 
EFTA01449963

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449964.pdf
----------------------------------------
rdc 
DB12000P - Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
Batch Date: 
10/07/2013 
Alert Date: 
Alert 
10/07/2013 
Person Name: 
Address: 
Count 
United States 
Tracking ID: 
6873905 
Date of Birth: 
Reporting ID: 6873905 
Alert #: 1 
Alert ID: 1720824.11527349.27993245 
Entity Information 
Entity ID: 27993245 
Entity Name: 
Address: 
Event: 
Alert Notes 
UNITED STATES 
SEX - Sex Offenses (Rape, Sodomy, Sexual Abuse, Pedophilia) 
e 
, accused of being a co-conspirator of Epstein of multiple counts of five federal offenses 
involving sex acts with minors 
Notes: ...was 
accused of being a co-conspirator of multiple counts of five federal offenses involving sex 
ac s w 
minors. 
Source Information 
RDC URL: https://grid.rdc.com/wss/entity.html?entityld=5d7daf28d64b2f0f5d3f3d53eb346cc4 
Source Name: Factiva Article - COXNS00020091017e5ah0060p, 10/17/2009 
Publication: Cox News Service 
Publisher: FACTIVA 
Source URL: http://global.factiva.comfen/du/article.asp?NAPC=S&AccessionNo=COXNS00020091017e5ah0060p 
Conatent oth the terms and to
 of year RDC Subscriber Agreement the ofeernaban contorted n thrs document is for alert purposes only and a not to be used fee purposes of determine's' an 
relteduals 'log614101 any aedt or any ether FCRA permrseble purposes User lather agrees to hold such mates& and Inkertabon in settee, confidence not to make use thereof other than 101 00.111100200 
00100.00 to ebb t only to employees mewing such trderrnaben, and not to release or disclosed to any other party The Alert olermabeo contained on the document rray or rray not pertain ti the inelmelual 
a entity referenced o your Mary. 
Page 1 of 1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105469 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251653 
EFTA01449964

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449965.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449965.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Attachments 
Amanda Kirby 
10/7/2013 4:37:14 PM 
Paul orris 
Beneficiaries 
pic22859.gif; pic07347.gif 
Classification: Public 
Paul -- here are the 6 beneficiaries. Still waiting on 2 research reports but 
thus far we have 1 alert and 3 with no alerts. 
WAITING ON RES ARCH: 
ALERT: 
-- accused as a co-conspirator 
NO ALERTS: 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22859.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New Y rk NY 
A 
0154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07347.gif) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251654 
DB-SDNY-0 105470 
EFTA01449965

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449966.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449966.pdf
----------------------------------------
I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105471 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251655 
EFTA01449966

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449967.pdf
----------------------------------------
PAsciftOV Perms 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0105472 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251656 
EFTA01449967

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449968.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449968.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
PBW/WM/MIS ETL/PBW 15116 [rniset 
eport 20131008 
RM CODE 
81851 
10/07/13 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
.00 
DOMINIQUE LEIMER 
M 
.00 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
m 
.00 
SUMMIT EQUITIES LLC 
D 
252,500.02 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
372,921.98 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
329,920.88 
JEEPERS, INC 
D 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
12,755,048.50 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
M 
.00 
JEEPERS, INC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
M 
.00 
If need help please contact pbrd_admin@list.db.com 
Thank you 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105473 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251657 
EFTA01449968

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449969.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Paul Morris 
SeM: 
10/8/2013 9:28:13 AM 
CC:
To: 
; Vahe Stepanian I
Subject: 
Hi, how are we doing on Southern Financial et al ISDAs?? thx (C) 
classification: confidential 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Floor 
New York 
Office: 
Cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105474 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251658 
EFTA01449969

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0074__EFTA01449970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0074
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01449970.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Tazia Smith 
Sent: 
10/812013 9:57:05 AM 
To: 
Paul Morriss 
Caroline Kitidis 
CC: 
Subject: 
Re: Hi, how are we doing on Southern Financial et al ISDAs?? thx [CI 
Attachments: pic23362.gif; pic03427.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
Paul - 
I've been on top of CRM and Legal. I spoke with Darren yesterday to update 
him that I am doing everything I possibly can to accelerate this process 
(including, as you know, detailing the changes and supplying supplemental 
language to DB legal to simplify their amendments for them). I was supposed to 
have the two revised drafts in my inbox no later than this morning. 
Tazia 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic23362.gif) 
Tazia smith 
Director I Key client Partners - us 
Deutsche Bank securities 
Deutsche Asset & 
345 Park Avenue, 
New York NY 101 
Tel. 
Fax + 
Mobile 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to 
Inc 
gement 
file: pic03427.gif) 
From: 
Paul morris/db/ 
To: 
vahe Stepanian/db 
Cc: 
Date: 
10/08/2013 09:28 AN 
Subject: 
Hi, how are we doing on Southern Financial et al ISDAs?? thx [C) 
classification: confidential 
Paul Morris 
Managing Director 
New York 
NY 10154 
Office 
Cell: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 105475 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00251659 
EFTA01449970
